Related To:. Our Top Blender Picks. What To Consider When Buying a Blender. What to Consider About High-Speed Blenders. How We Tested. More Products Tested by Food Network Kitchen. These Containers Keep My Fruits and Veggies Fresher, Longer. We Put Instant Pot's Air Fryer Lid to the Test. We Tested 5 Versions of the Internet-Famous Ooni Pizza Oven. Our Newsletter. 50 Perfect Gifts for Coffee Lovers        May 1, 2023. 20 Mother's Day Gift Baskets for Food Lovers        Apr 27, 2023. 8 Brands That Will Let You Customize Your Go-To Snack        Apr 21, 2023. 16 Mackenzie Childs Gifts That Are Perfect for Mother’s Day        Apr 20, 2023. You Can Get Emma Chamberlain's Newest Coffee Product At Walmart        Apr 20, 2023. This Website Is Entirely Dedicated to Replacing Broken Dishes        Apr 20, 2023. We Tested Caraway's New Steamer Set        Apr 20, 2023. 28 Mother's Day Food Gifts All the Moms in Your Life Will Love        Apr 24, 2023. 22 Great Gifts for Serious Home Cooks        Apr 21, 2023. 21 Gifts for Mom That Show How Much You Care        Apr 21, 2023. 22 Postpartum Gifts We Love for New Moms        Apr 24, 2023. 14 Popsicle Molds That Are Perfect for Summer        Apr 17, 2023. This Drying Stand Is Just What Your Water Bottle Collection Needs        Apr 13, 2023. We Tried Caraway's Cookware Set, and It Lives Up to the Hype        Apr 14, 2023. Related Pages.
Vitamix.  Get refurbished and save money Once you go Vitamix you never go back! Vitamin. I’ve had mine 12 years and used 3-5x a week every week since then. It’s a workhouse and amazing. Just a tip if your trying to gain to weight, you should drink these before bed! I used this same product and would use it post workout and the problem was it would fill me up for the rest of the day and I wouldn’t eat any real food. If you want to really bulk up you should still eat the same amount and ADD this to your diet not replace something else. I like the ninja
Join discussion. We need your consent.
Why Your Toaster Will Eventually Fail You. Cuisinart CPT-122 2-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster. Cuisinart CPT-142 4-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster. Breville BTA720XL Bit More Toaster. Pricier, with more features. Everything we recommend. Cuisinart CPT-122 2-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster. Cuisinart CPT-142 4-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster. Breville BTA720XL Bit More Toaster. Pricier, with more features. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. How we picked. How we tested. Cuisinart CPT-122 2-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster. Cuisinart CPT-142 4-Slice Compact Plastic Toaster. How the Cuisinart CPT-122 has held up. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Upgrade pick: Breville BTA720XL Bit More Toaster. Breville BTA720XL Bit More Toaster. Pricier, with more features. How the Breville BTA720XL Bit More Toaster has held up. Why buying a “sustainable” toaster is tough. Why Your Toaster Will Eventually Fail You. Care and maintenance. Other good toasters. The competition. Two-slot toasters. Four-slot toasters. Meet your guides. Further reading. Wirecutter’s 100 Most Popular Kitchen Tools of 2022. Why We Love Cuisinart Chef’s Convection Toaster Oven.
Toaster oven. Amazing. I recommend [whall]( stainless steel toaster. Doesnt have million of buttons, just 3 functions (for each side), easy to clean does its job perfectly. Also not that expensive. Consider a toaster oven. Yeah, those waffles lay flat instead of vertical but my Cuisinart is going on 12+years now and doing amazing. [America's Test Kitchen]( likes the Breville in their latest roundup.Also, most toaster ovens also function similar to an air fryer with it's convection setting.I use mine to toast things all the time (bagels, waffles, bread) as well as cook, reheat and "air fry".  You'd have to pry my toaster oven from my toasted dead hands.  I haven't had a traditional toaster for 30+ years.If you really want a somewhat traditional toaster, here's what [America's Test Kitchen says about larger format toasters]( I find the Panasonic FlashXpress to be the best toaster I've ever had. Its a little pricey $100+ but it is compact and does everything. The button setup is a little different but once you get use to it, it rocks. It doesn't take up a lot of space either and is highly rated.
BUY NOW⬇⬇. 5️⃣Cuisinart 2 Slice Motorized Toaster . ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Walmart US :►Kohls US :►bestbuy US :. 4️⃣BLACK+DECKER Rapid Toast 2-Slice Toaster. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Walmart US :►Wayfair US :►Kohls US :. 3️⃣Breville Die-Cast Smart Toaster. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Sur La Table US :►Walmart US :. 2️⃣Smeg 50's Retro Style Aesthetic 2 Slice Toaster. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :►Amazon DE :►Amazon IT :. 1️⃣KitchenAid Pro Line Series 2-Slice Automatic Toaster. ►ShopKitchenAid US :►Amazon US :►Amazon UK :►Walmart US :►Sur La Table US :. -------------. ⬇Coupons⬇. 🌟 Aliexpress ➼🌟 Banggood ➼🌟 Best Amazon Selling Products ➼🌟 Honey ➼-------------. 📧For Business Inquiries : BestProductsNET@gmail.com . -------------. best toaster,. best toaster oven,. best toaster oven 2023,. best toaster 2023,. best toaster oven air fryer combo,. best toaster oven air fryer 2023,. best toaster oven america's test kitchen,. best toaster oven air fryer,. best toaster air fryer 2023,. best toaster oven for sublimation tumblers,. best toaster america's test kitchen,. best toaster oven for baking,. best toaster air fryer,. best toaster amazon,. best toaster australia,. best toaster and griller,. best toaster and sandwich maker in india,. best toaster and kettle,. best toaster air fryer combo,. best toaster air fryer oven,. best toaster and toaster oven combo,. best toaster atk,. america's test kitchen best toaster,. america's test kitchen best toaster oven,. cheap and best toaster,. best air fryer toaster oven 2023,. best air fryer toaster oven america's test kitchen,. top 5 best toaster ovens 2023 on amazon,. best kettle and toaster set 2023,. best toaster ovens amazon sweet home,. best rotisserie air fryer toaster oven,. best kettle and toaster,. best toaster bread,. best toaster brand,. best toaster brand 2023,. best toaster broiler oven,. best toaster budget,. best toaster breville,. best toaster bags for gluten free,. best toaster bon appetit,. best toaster brand australia,. best toaster brands in india,. best bread toaster in india,. best budget toaster,. best toaster for bagels,. best toaster to buy,. best way to toast bread without a toaster,. best bread toaster in india 2023,. wipro best bread toaster,. brave little toaster best scenes,. best budget air fryer toaster oven,. best toaster convection oven 2023,. best toaster convection oven,. best toaster convection air fryer oven,. best toaster cooks illustrated,. best toaster combo,. best toaster cheap,. best toaster crumb tray,. best toaster cook's country,. best toaster cuisinart,. best toaster convection oven canada,. best way to clean toaster oven,. best convection toaster oven,. best toaster oven air fryer combo 2023,. best way to clean a toaster,. best compact toaster oven 2023,. best way to cook toaster strudel,. best cheap toaster oven,. best commercial toaster,. best countertop toaster oven,. best toaster oven for powder coating,. best toaster design,. best toaster dualit,. what is the best toaster,. the best toaster ever made,. the best toaster 2021,. best toaster ever,. best toaster ever made,. best toaster easy to clean,. best toaster even browning,. best toaster even toasting,. best electric toaster,. best toaster for home,. best toaster for sandwich,. best toaster for the money,. best toaster for pop tarts,. best toaster for frozen waffles,. best toaster for even toasting,. best toaster for rv,. best toaster for bread,. best toaster for english muffins,. best toaster for gluten free bread,. best shaders for toaster pc,. best toaster oven for pizza,. best toaster griller in india,. best toaster grill,. best toaster germany,. best toaster good housekeeping,. best gas toaster,. best gas toaster in india,. best oven toaster griller in india,. best oven toaster grill under 5000,. best sandwich grill toaster in india,. best grill toaster in india,. best grill toaster,. best gas sandwich toaster,. best grilled sandwich toaster,. best toaster hash browns,. best toaster high end,. best hand toaster,. best toaster in the world,. best toaster india,. best toaster in india 2023,. best toaster in pakistan,. best toaster in 2023,. best toaster in the market,. best toaster in nigeria,. best toaster in kenya,. best toaster in australia,. best toaster in india quora,. which is the best toaster,. best toaster in india,. best oven toaster in philippines,. best 4 slice toaster in india,
The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. The most versatile bottle: Takeya Actives Insulated Water Bottle with Spout Lid (22 ounces). Takeya Actives Insulated Water Bottle with Spout Lid (22 ounces). A simple stainless steel bottle and standard lid: Hydro Flask Standard Mouth (21 ounces). Hydro Flask Standard Mouth (21 ounces). Simple and reliable. Our favorite bottle for the car: CamelBak Eddy+ (25 ounces). CamelBak Eddy+ (25 ounces). Great for the car. Purifyou Premium (22 ounces). Prevents flavor from transferring. Mira Cascade (17 ounces). Elegant, insulated, and splashless. Thermos Hydration Bottle (24 ounces). A budget option. An ideal air travel companion: CamelBak Podium (21 ounces). CamelBak Podium (21 ounces). A lightweight squeeze bottle. An upgrade pick: Purist Mover (18 ounces). Purist Mover (18 ounces). Premium design and materials. Other good water bottles. How we picked. How we tested. The competition. Metal bottles. Glass bottles. Collapsible bottles. Plastic bottles. Care and maintenance. OXO Good Grips Water Bottle Cleaning Set. For cleaning your bottle. Meet your guides. Further reading. How to Clean a Travel Mug or Water Bottle. Why We Love the Zojirushi Travel Mug. Why We Love Hydro Flask.
Popular mechanics magazine did a test on water bottles not too long ago and most bottles that are vacuum insulated work the same way and offer insulation of hot/cold for many hours. It’s more or less personal preference of lids and shape/size that could be deciding factor. One thing I will mention is my yeti gets tossed in the dishwasher daily for the last four years and still looks great. Hydro flasks are not approved for dishwasher fwiw, I tried and the outside got stained and chalky. Hydro flask has great customer service when my screw top lids leaked they sent me three to replace my old ones. Zoj with this version. Zojirushi SM-SA36-BA Stainless Steel Vacuum Insulated Mug, 20-Ounce, Blackby Tokyo Japanese OutletLearn more:  newer with a different top don’t flip up right. I’ve had mine for years. Warning! Do not put hot beverages in this with the assumption it will cool. It will not. It takes like 10 hours. Put it in like you want to drink it. Middle pops out for cleaning. Lid clicks back so it doesn’t hit your nose. I’ve and water will still have ice 12 hours later. Tried other brands but I’m spoiled now.Zoj mugs don’t go up to 30 ounces.Edit they have 35 ounce vacuum bottle and a different thermos looking one. I can't speak to your specific use case, but I once dropped my Zoji from a (slowly) moving helicopter onto the top of a mountain in Papua New Guinea and I'm actively drinking water out of it bottle as I type this. My yeti rambler is tough as hell. They have a lot of lid and size options, the chug would fit your criteria but i prefer the flip up straw. I left my 26oz in a hot car for 14 hours, and the water was still ice cold. I’m just looking for any bottle not made in China
BRANDS TESTED: Contigo, Hydroflask Standard Mouth and Sport, Yeti, Brita, Aquatix, Bubba Flo, Under Armour, Hydrology, Coleman, Klean Kantine, ThermoFlask, Stanley Classic and East Rim.Thermos bottles tested for cold and hot beverage performance and durability by dropping them 36 inches.Finally, some of the bottles were cut open to look at the internal construction.Several others are durability tested using the Farmabago.. . ➡ Thank you very much for supporting the channel:. ➡ An easy way to find past videos along with products tested:A big thanks to Jim for putting this together. . ➡ Merch:. ➡ To subscribe:. ➡ As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.. . . ➡ Products Tested In This Video (in no particular order):. Contigo:HydroFlask Standard Mouth:HydroFlask Sport:Brita:Aquatix:Bubba Flo:Under Armour:Yeti Rambler:Hydrology:Coleman:Klean Kanteen:ThermoFlask:Stanley Classic:East Rim:. Test Equipment Used in this Video:. Digital Thermometer:. Videography Equipment:. Sony DSC-RX10 III Cyber-shot Digital Still Camera:Canon 70D Camera:Azden Microphone:Go Pro Bundle:. This video is only for entertainment purposes. If you rely on the information portrayed in this video, you assume the responsibility for the results. Project Farm LLC
$160 at Amazon. $280 at Amazon. $80 at Amazon. Everything you need to know about slow cookers. How we tested. Other slow cookers we tested. Calphalon Digital Sauté Slow Cooker. KitchenAid 6-Quart (Renewed). Crockpot 6-Quart Cook & Carry Programmable Slow Cooker. Cuisinart 6.5-Quart Programmable Slow Cooker. Instant Pot Pro 6-Quart 10-in-1. Breville Fast Slow Pro. Black+Decker 7-Quart Slow Cooker. Crockpot 7-Quart Slow Cooker, Manual.
The Instant Pot I got off Amazon is a fantastic slow cooker and also does a bunch of other things well. best kitchen gadget. edit: there is a few models with the same name, the one I am talking about is the number 1 here: [ My wife takes 4 hours to cook a 30 minute recipe. She is pretty great otherwise. They're all pretty much the same. Just don't go too cheap (don't want one to die 4 hours into a cook a year from now or to have ridiculous heat) or too expensive (usually just includes features you don't need - like the ability to sear meat in the slow clooker in a much slower and clunkier way than using a simple pan on the stovetop).Just go for a decent mid-tier one by a popular brand (Hamilton Beach, Black and Decker, Crock Pot, etc.) and you'll likely be fine. If you can go inside a store these days, you can see if you like the settings/buttons of one over another. I'd go the route of getting a pressure cooker instead. They work as a slow cooker, rice cooker, and pressure cooker all in one. They are great for quickly cooking beans without needing to soak them first. My instant pot even has a yogurt setting
For this week's mid-week video I thought I'd share 6 of my family's favorite Crock-Pot dinners.We don't make a lot of things in the slow cooker but these are ones that we love and don't mind having over and over again.I've shared all of these on my channel before, but it's been a long time (some more than 2 years ago), so I thought I would combine all of our family favorite Crock-Pot meals into one video and share with you! I hope you enjoy and I'll see you back here on Friday for a brand new What's For Dinner? video!!. . WANT MORE CROCKPOT RECIPES??. CROCK-POT MEALS IN THIS VIDEO:. . 1. SWISS CHICKEN:. 2. AUTUMN DELIGHT:. 3. CHEESEBURGER SOUP:. 4. BBQ BACON-WRAPPED CHICKEN (from Carrie Elle recipe club):. . 1 bottle of BBQ sauce (12-16 oz). 4 chicken breasts. 1 onion, diced. 1/2 cup brown sugar. 1 Lemon (juice 1/2 or whole lemon). pepper (to taste). Bacon (2 slices for every chicken breast). . Wrap each chicken breast in two slices of bacon. . . Put onions in the bottom of the crockpot, followed by the chicken.Then sprinkle as much pepper as you'd like and then add the lemon juice.Next pour the bottle of BBQ sauce over it all and then top with brown sugar.. . Cook on high for 3 hours or low for 6 hours.. . It's great served with homemade mashed potatoes!!. . 5. PASTA E FAGIOLI: . Ingredients:. 1 lb ground beef (I use 1 lb italian sausage). 2 whole carrots, diced. 4 celery stalks, diced. 1 medium onion, diced. 2 cloves garlic, minced. 28 oz can crushed tomatoes. 28 oz beef broth or stock. 1 tsp dried oregano and 1 tsp dried basil (I just use italian seasoning). salt and pepper to taste. 1 can (15 oz) cannellini beans (or great northern beans). 1 can (15 oz) light red kidney beans. 1 cup ditalini pasta, uncooked (or similar shape pasta - elbows work great). Parmesan cheese, grated. . Directions:. . 1. Put everything except beans, pasta and cheese into a 6 quart slow cooker and stir, being sure to break up the meat.. . 2.Cook on low 7-8 hours or high 3-4 hours. . 3.30 minutes before the end, stir in beans (drained and rinsed) and pasta.Add more salt and pepper if desired.. . 4.Sprinkle grated parmesan cheese on top.. . Serve with some garlic breadsticks and salad and you'll feel like you're at Olive Garden!. . 6. BBQ PULLED PORK: . 3 lbs pork . 2 cups chopped onions. 1/2 cup light brown sugar. 1/4 cup white vinegar. 6 oz. tomato paste. 1 &1/2 Tbsp chili powder. 1 tsp dry mustard. 2 tsp worcestershire sauce. 2 tsp salt. . Combine all ingredients in slow cooker.Cover.Cook on high for 7-8 hours.Shred meat with a fork.Mix into sauce and heat through allowing some of the juices to absorb into the meat.Serve on hamburger buns.. . COLE SLAW RECIPE: . 1 bag slaw mix. 2 Tbsp (or so) Duke's mayo. 1 small jar sweet relish. 1 tsp each salt and pepper. 1 tsp garlic powder. 1 Tbsp white vinegar. . Mix everything together and refrigerate for at least an hour before serving.. . Want to submit a Subbie Supper recipe to be featured in an upcoming What's for Dinner video?CLICK HERE:. PLEASE THUMBS UP & SUBSCRIBE!. . Join my Instagram Fam! - @mandy_in_the_making. . I'm on Pinterest, too -. ___________________________________________________________________________________. . My AMAZON storefront where I have all my favorites linked:. BEST COFFEEMAKER EVER!! (CARAFE & K-CUPS):. BEST CHEESE GRATER!. MY PROGRAMMABLE CROCK POT:. NINJA AIR FRYER:. BEST MOP I'VE EVER USED:. MY FAVORITE COOKBOOK:. MY FAVORITE T-SHIRTS:Use the code MANDY10 for 10% off!. ________________________________________________________________. . Business & Collaboration Inquires - mandyinthemaking2018@gmail.com. . . Music Credits:. ..Song: Little Idea. . *This video is NOT sponsored. . Some of the links above are affiliate links that I earn a small commission from. They don't raise your price paid. Thank you for supporting my small channel!. .
Straight to the Point. The Winners, at a Glance. OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Food Scale. Escali Primo Digital Food Scale. The Criteria: What We Look for in a Great Kitchen Scale. The Testing. Test 1: Accuracy. Test 2: Ease of Use. How We Chose Our Winners. OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Food Scale. Escali Primo Digital Food Scale. The Competition.
Get the Amazon basics scale and call it a day, its dirt cheap, works like a charm and there is nothing else that you will neededit: got a pm asking me on the exact model, not sure i'm allowed to post links to amazon, it's the number 3 item on this list here:  If you do any larger scale baking, a scale with a pull out digital panel is a huge help- the OXO [Good Grip]( 11lb is the most versatile and durable at that price point. Been using one daily in a professional kitchen for years and it has survive the injustices of even the stupidest of my new born baby cooks. I use an Escali Primo. Cheap. Accurate. Easy to read and a range that is functional for my needs. No more. No less. They're all going to be pretty similar, but the one thing I looked for is using AA or AAA batteries. Easy to get rechargeables and if the battery goes dead, you can steal some from the remote instead of trying to find a 2032 (or whatever coin cell). Looking at mine I don't even see a brand, but it is model ek9333. I have a rechargeable (usb) Zwilling scale. I love it!
Top 5 BEST Food Scales of [2022]. . ➜ Links to the best Food Scales 2022 we listed in this video:. . ►US Links◄. ➜ 5. Ozeri Pronto Digital Multifunction Kitchen And Food Scale -. ➜ 4. Greater Goods Digital Food Kitchen Scale -. ➜ 3. Escali Primo Digital Scale -. ➜ 2. Taylor Precision Products Stainless Steel Kitchen Scale -. ➜ 1. OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Food Scale -. -------------------------------------. ►UK Links◄ . ➜ 5. Ozeri Pronto Digital Multifunction Kitchen And Food Scale -. ➜ 4. Greater Goods Digital Food Kitchen Scale -. ➜ 3. Escali Primo Digital Scale -. ➜ 2. Taylor Precision Products Stainless Steel Kitchen Scale -. ➜ 1. OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Food Scale -. -------------------------------------. ►CA Links◄. ➜ 5. Ozeri Pronto Digital Multifunction Kitchen And Food Scale -. ➜ 4. Greater Goods Digital Food Kitchen Scale -. ➜ 3. Escali Primo Digital Scale -. ➜ 2. Taylor Precision Products Stainless Steel Kitchen Scale -. ➜ 1. OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Food Scale -. . We have just laid out the top 5 best food scales 2022. In 5th place is the Ozeri Pronto Digital Multifunction Kitchen And Food Scale, our pick for the best budget food scale. In 4th place is the Greater Goods Digital Food Kitchen Scale, our pick for the best value food scale. In 3rd place is the Escali Primo Digital Scale, our pick for the best mid-range food scale. In 2nd place is the Taylor Precision Products Stainless Steel Kitchen Scale, our pick for the best runner-up food scale. In 1st place is the OXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Food Scale, our pick for the best overall food scale.. . . DISCLOSURE: Some of the links on this page are affiliate links, meaning, at no additional cost to you, I may earn a commission if you click through and make a purchase. Affiliate commissions help fund videos like this one.
Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. For all your sautéing, searing, frying, and baking needs. In this article. What we’re looking for. Maintenance. Some more skillets we’ve written about. Our experts. get the strategist newsletter. Deal of the Day. Micro Sales. Greatest Hits. Most Viewed Stories. Greatest Hits. Today's Top Clicked. Related Stories.
I’ll comment just to add some diversity. I love cast iron and use it all the time, but carbon steel is a good option too that’s still relatively cheap. A lot of the pros of cast iron and a little easier to handle. Lodge cast iron skillet. Cheap and will last a lifetime. I have a cast iron skillet that I got 20 years ago.  I use it every day.On the other hand, I have a cast iron grill that it's a pain in the ass to clean, so I only use it once in a while.However, for versatility, I would suggest you to get a set of stainless steel pots and pans.  Nothing big... maybe just one pan, a medium size pot and a large one.  Even the cheapest brands will last you a lifetime and are way easier to clean than cast iron.Never buy teflon, ceramic, stone or whatever crap they sell in infomercials. Buy stainless steel cookware, or cast iron, or carbon steel. It will last forever. Cast iron and carbon steel can't go in the dishwasher, but stainless steel can and it's worth it. I have All Clad, but I also have some Costco Kirkland pots and pans that were made in Italy and I bought for a few bucks at an estate sale. They work fine and show no signs of wearing out. I also have a special stainless steel sauce pan, it's very small, perfect size for making a hot chocolate or oatmeal and I've had it 30 years. I use and treasure my Allclad Copper Core pans. Also use Fontignac enamelled cast iron (made in France)
S K I L L E T Greatest Hits Full Album - Best Songs Of S K I L L E T Playlist 2021. S K I L L E T Greatest Hits Full Album - Best Songs Of S K I L L E T Playlist 2021. S K I L L E T Greatest Hits Full Album - Best Songs Of S K I L L E T Playlist 2021. 
Everything you need to know about grills. $219 at Amazon. What we love about charcoal grills. What we don’t like about charcoal grills. Other types of charcoal grills. Kamado-style grills. Hibachi grills. Argentine/ranch/gaucho/parrilla grills. From $999 at Amazon. What we love about gas grills. What we don’t like about gas grills. $1,600 $1,500 at Amazon or Traeger. What we love about pellet grills. What we don’t like about pellet grills. Charcoal, gas or pellets: How we tested.
>brisket, ribs, pulled porkthese items need to be smoked low and slow, not grilled Sounds like a Weber Kettle charcoal grill is what you want. You can easily do a weeknight grill on it and if you have the time and patience you can learn to smoke on it and if you like it, look into a dedicated smoker down the line.Could also consider a pellet grill but those aren’t great for weeknight cooks, more geared towards low and slow with very minimal maintenance to the cook required. I'd suggest finding a Weber 22" kettle via Facebook Marketplace or Craigslist. Hmm, people say the big green egg is the magic bullet.   You can smoke low and slow or grill super high temps with it.  The cons to it are it’s very heavy fragile, relatively small and takes a bit of skill to master.  Pellet fed Smokers are like ovens (can’t sear a steak) but super easy to do ribs on.  For entry level you should probably just get a gas grill or a Weber charcoal grill.  You can smoke with both of those just takes a bit more baby sitting when compared to a good smoker.
1. HowToBBQRight. 2. BBQ Pit Boys. 3. Mad Scientist BBQ. 4. Grill Top Experience. 5. Swine Life BBQ. 6. Texas Style BBQ and Cuisine. 7. Flaming Rooster BBQ. 8. Ballistic BBQ. 9. Meat Church BBQ. 10. Smokin’ and Grillin’ wit AB. Honourable Mention: Big Lew BBQ. Honourable Mention: 501 BBQ. #GrillGods: Our Favorite Grillers on YouTube. Related Articles. Griller's Newsletter. Follow Grill Spot. Trending Articles. For your grill parts & accessories shop at Grill Spot.
Related To:. Smokey Mountain Cooker Smoker 18". Woodwind WIFI 36. 18.5" Classic Pit Barrel Cooker. Gravity Series® 560 Digital Charcoal Grill + Smoker. Vault Smoker. Traeger Ironwood Series 885 Pellet Grill. PG500: Fast Eddy's™ by Cookshack Pellet Grill. These $10 Cedar Wraps Are for More Than Just Grilled Salmon. Pellet Grills 101: Your Guide to Cooking on a Smoker. The Grilling Accessories You Need for Summer BBQs are All at Target. 10 Grilling Tips That Will Make You the Burger Master. This Griddle Is My Secret to Successful Indoor Grilling. You Bought a Grill, Now Here's What Else You Need for It. If You Own a Charcoal Grill, You Need an Electric Starter. Our Newsletter. 50 Perfect Gifts for Coffee Lovers        May 1, 2023. 20 Mother's Day Gift Baskets for Food Lovers        Apr 27, 2023. 8 Brands That Will Let You Customize Your Go-To Snack        Apr 21, 2023. 16 Mackenzie Childs Gifts That Are Perfect for Mother’s Day        Apr 20, 2023. You Can Get Emma Chamberlain's Newest Coffee Product At Walmart        Apr 20, 2023. This Website Is Entirely Dedicated to Replacing Broken Dishes        Apr 20, 2023. We Tested Caraway's New Steamer Set        Apr 20, 2023. 28 Mother's Day Food Gifts All the Moms in Your Life Will Love        Apr 24, 2023. 22 Great Gifts for Serious Home Cooks        Apr 21, 2023. 21 Gifts for Mom That Show How Much You Care        Apr 21, 2023. 22 Postpartum Gifts We Love for New Moms        Apr 24, 2023. 14 Popsicle Molds That Are Perfect for Summer        Apr 17, 2023. This Drying Stand Is Just What Your Water Bottle Collection Needs        Apr 13, 2023. We Tried Caraway's Cookware Set, and It Lives Up to the Hype        Apr 14, 2023.
Hubby was in Navy too :) Congrats on your surviving :)For beginners, you're really needing to ask yourself a few questions to help guide your answer/decision.How hands on or hands off do you want to be?How great/intense of a smoke flavor do you want?How much space do you have?How much time are you willing to commit to a weekend smoke?For options according to your answers, they are:**Hands On/Off**The most hands off will be a pellet smoker.The most hands on will be any form of offset smokerThe middle is a gravity fed smoker. It's kinda the best of both worlds put together.**Intense flavor**Pellet will produce minimal smoke flavor. Not pot roast in oven zero smoke, and you can have decent results, but it'll always taste like a bit of a smokey pot roast, nothing more.Offsets will produce the most intense smoke flavors you'll ever find. They produce the most smoke, you can control the smoke and heat, and they surround and flow past your meat to assure that the meat is in the most productive contact with smoke available.Gravity feed again merges both. It's almost as hands free as pellet but not quite and it's almost as intense as an offset, but not quite.**Space Requirements**Pellet smokers are really compact. They are pretty small and you can stash them in the corder of any yard or whatever. You can use it even if you have limited/compact spaces.Offset smokers take the biggest footprints seeing they are not only longer and usually deeper and certainly taller than pellet, but you also need to store more wood, which is a hidden "space" that most don't consider when making this decision.Gravity Feed again blends them. They are a bit bigger than pellet, definitely smaller than offsets, and can use more charcoal and lumps of wood instead of split wood (i.e. sticks), so you can have a bag of charcoal and a bag of wood chunks stashed away anywhere.**Time Requirements**This is a misnomer as bbq is bbq and there's no really good way to speed up a 12 pound brisket. What I mean by this is how much time you're willing to sit there and hang out with your smoker and monitor/baby your smoker.Pellet smokers are set and forget. You load up the hopper with pellets or disks, turn on your electric unit or propane tank, and forget it until you're ready to check on it many many hours from now. Want to go to the store and shop? Go to the store and shop. Want to put it on at 10pm and go to sleep and have it still rocking and rolling when you wake up? Then no matter how you answered any of the above questions, you might just want to get a pellet smoker because sleep and time are major factors, and if you have no time to smoke things, then why bother having a smoker?Offset smokers need constant hand holding and monitoring. These are the true "labor of love" type smokers. The ones where you grab yourself a cooler of beer, sit under some shade, and watch it and monitor it so that you can add more wood when needed, make sure smoke is steady, make sure meat is coming along nicely. Again, the produce the best flavor results, but also take the most monitoring to produce those results.Gravity fed are again, kinda the best of both worlds. You have a charcoal hopper on the side. Think "big ass version of a pellet hopper" to which you load up charcoal, then layer in 3-4 chunks of wood, more charcoal, more wood, more charcoal, more wood, and top with charcoal. Then you set it and kinda forget it. It will "feed" itself the charcoal and wood to keep the temperature steady and the smoke steady flowing. It does require a bit of monitoring because they are still brand new technology and only a few places can produce it because of patents (whatever company owns masterbuilt bought out char broiler, so they can use the patent for both. That's why they're so similar outside of cooking chamber design). But it's as close to set and forget as non-pellet can get. And you control the smoke via how much wood hunks (not chips) you add to the layers of charcoal. You can also add more chunks of wood under the fire where the ashes collect to add more smoke if you need it.So there you have it. There are various models of pellet and offset. There are only a few options for gravity fed because of the patents. All those huge rigs you see at competitions or smokehouses are going to be offsets. They can be small or they can be 1,000 gallon chambers. But they are still offsets. I mention that so you don't think that offsets = enormous. They can be smaller but will never be as small/compact as pellet or gravity. Gravity is more of the vertical type but still offset, as are most pellets. Wsm is what you want. Simple enough for a beginner but good enough that you never really need more. You can add digital controllers later on but I would start without. Everyone is going to have a different answer.  I always say go with a cheap electric vertical and buy a pellet tray.  You're not breaking the bank, if it never gets used you're not out much money, you're not having to worry about constantly adjusting it, and you'll get delicious tasting food.  If you enjoy the hobby after a couple seasons you can upgrade and sell the electric second hand or keep it as a back up. Look into gravity fed smokers. Set it and forget it > WSM, better smoke flavor than pellet, the Master built series look like a boss. Get a Masterbuilt Gravity. Pick your size and just enjoy it. You will never regret it
1. HowToBBQRight. 2. BBQ Pit Boys. 3. Mad Scientist BBQ. 4. Grill Top Experience. 5. Swine Life BBQ. 6. Texas Style BBQ and Cuisine. 7. Flaming Rooster BBQ. 8. Ballistic BBQ. 9. Meat Church BBQ. 10. Smokin’ and Grillin’ wit AB. Honourable Mention: Big Lew BBQ. Honourable Mention: 501 BBQ. #GrillGods: Our Favorite Grillers on YouTube. Related Articles. Griller's Newsletter. Follow Grill Spot. Trending Articles. For your grill parts & accessories shop at Grill Spot.
2. Runner Up – Traeger Pro 575 Wood Pellet Grill. Other pellet grills worth considering. 7. REC TEC Grills RT-700 WiFi Enabled Wood Pellet Grill – A great high-end option. 8. Pit Boss Sportsman 820 Pellet Grill – Large budget alternative. 9. Green Mountain Grills Trek WIFI Grill – Another solid portable option. 10. Camp Chef  DLX 24 Pellet Grill – A solid mid-sized option. 11. Traeger Timberline – A competitive high-end option. How pellet smokers work. What to think about before buying a pellet grill. Plan how much cooking real estate you need. Which features and capabilities are important. Durability and Construction Material. Ease of clean up. Size of the hopper. Pellet Consumption. Length of warranty. Beware of gimmicks. Customer Service. The pros and cons of buying a pellet smoker. Pellet Grill frequently asked questions. Wrapping it up. Get Your FREE Digital Barbecue Cookbook. Similar Posts. Thermoworks Smoke X4 Thermometer Review. POPULAR POSTS. Smoking Times and Temperatures Chart: Free Printable Download. Smoking Your First Brisket – Advice From Aaron Franklin. FROM OUR SHOP.
I would suggest [Recteq]( it has precise temperature control, large cooking area, and it's quite easy to use. Recommend. Budget range matters.You basically have 3 tiers of quality and price range: sub $750, $1000-$2500(ish), and $3500+.A pit boss is a good quality entry level smoker. I used a pit boss pro series for 2 years before upgrading to a Camp Chef Woodwind Pro.BTW, here's the [Amazon Link of Pellet Grills Suggested by other Reddit Users]( here. My Traeger turned into an annual repair project, so I wanted something more dependable and replaced it with a Grilla. I originally bought a Z grill because it was highly recommended to me and was cheap. I used it and loved it.I later decided to upgrade and wanted something bugger and higher quality. I learned about the "relationship" between z-grill and Grilla and ended up with a Silverbac. The Grilla Silverbac gave me the quality and size increase I wanted. The quality to price ratio also seemed unparalleled, which was nice. A lot of online research. Google but also use the word “forum.” There are a ton of old school bbq forums with good info, this way you know you’re not getting some website who is paid to advertise. Traegers are awful bang for your buck, and cheapo pit bosses, etc will start to rust out after a few years. I was looking at rec teq and grilla. Ultimately went with a RT, no complaints, thing works great. I’m sure that grilla would’ve been the same. If you want to spend more, there’s always Yoder, mak, pitts and spitts, etc. I personally wouldn’t go cheaper than RT or grilla though unless you plan on tossing after a few years.
2. Runner Up – Traeger Pro 575 Wood Pellet Grill. Other pellet grills worth considering. 7. REC TEC Grills RT-700 WiFi Enabled Wood Pellet Grill – A great high-end option. 8. Pit Boss Sportsman 820 Pellet Grill – Large budget alternative. 9. Green Mountain Grills Trek WIFI Grill – Another solid portable option. 10. Camp Chef  DLX 24 Pellet Grill – A solid mid-sized option. 11. Traeger Timberline – A competitive high-end option. How pellet smokers work. What to think about before buying a pellet grill. Plan how much cooking real estate you need. Which features and capabilities are important. Durability and Construction Material. Ease of clean up. Size of the hopper. Pellet Consumption. Length of warranty. Beware of gimmicks. Customer Service. The pros and cons of buying a pellet smoker. Pellet Grill frequently asked questions. Wrapping it up. Get Your FREE Digital Barbecue Cookbook. Similar Posts. Thermoworks Smoke X4 Thermometer Review. POPULAR POSTS. Smoking Times and Temperatures Chart: Free Printable Download. Smoking Your First Brisket – Advice From Aaron Franklin. FROM OUR SHOP.
Pyrex Simply Store 18-Piece Set. Snapware Total Solution 20-Piece Food Storage Set. Glasslock 18-Piece Container Set. Rubbermaid TakeAlongs Food Storage Containers. Containers you can leave behind. Everything we recommend. Pyrex Simply Store 18-Piece Set. Snapware Total Solution 20-Piece Food Storage Set. Glasslock 18-Piece Container Set. Rubbermaid TakeAlongs Food Storage Containers. Containers you can leave behind. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. Choosing between glass and plastic containers. A note on tempered vs. other types of glass. Why We’re Not Worried About Pyrex Bakeware “Exploding”. How we picked and tested. Our glass pick: Pyrex Simply Store 18-Piece Set. Pyrex Simply Store 18-Piece Set. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Our pick: Snapware Total Solution 20-Piece Food Storage Set. Snapware Total Solution 20-Piece Food Storage Set. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Glasslock 18-Piece Container Set. Glasslock 18-Piece Container Set. Long-term test notes. Budget pick: Rubbermaid TakeAlongs Food Storage Containers. Rubbermaid TakeAlongs Food Storage Containers. Containers you can leave behind. Care and maintenance. Notable competition. The competition. Meet your guides. Further reading. Tools and Tips for Freezing Food So Nothing Goes to Waste. When a Friend Is in Need, Show You Care With Food. How to Choose the Right Storage Containers.
I use [Cambro containers]( they're used in most commercial kitchens and are pretty indestructible. You can also easily get replacement lids. Pyrex. Tends to last FOREVER. That’s why your grandma still has/uses it. I really like the IKEA 365+ food containers! Not sure anything glass is "BIFL" if you drop them, but they've held up very well since I've got them. I've just recently picked these up so not sure how BIFL they are but Stasher bags are silicone reusable replacements for zip lock bags. Seems like there are multiple silicone bag brands out there. Glasslock is the best I've used.
Links to the Food Storage Containers listed bellow. At Consumer Buddy, we've researched the Food Storage Containers options on the Market saving you time and money.. ★ BUDGET FOOD CONTAINERS ★0:37 -Intro. 🔶 Ziploc Twist N Loc Food Storage Meal Prep Container 🔶.➜. ★ DURABLE FOOD CONTAINERS ★1:18- Time Stamp. 🔶 Fullstar Food Storage Containers with Lids 🔶.➜. ★ OVERALL FOOD CONTAINERS ★2:47 - Time Stamp. 🔶 Rubbermaid Brilliance Storage 14-Piece set🔶.➜▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬. . 👉 At Consumer Buddy, we've researched the Food Storage Containers on the Market saving you time and money so you can make an informed buying decision.. . I grew up in a home where our cupboards were filled with recycled butter and yogurt containers for food storage. As an adult, living on my own, I am so excited to invest in some solid food storage options that look good and are designed to last. The market is flooded with a lot of options, so today we’re making the hunt for the right one easy by sharing the top three best food containers.. First up, let’s talk about the always reliable Ziploc Twist N Loc Food Storage Meal Prep Container. Ziploc Twist ’n Loc Containers block out air and lock in freshness. Plus,the lids on these handy plastic containers twist on like a jar and have a leakproof seal, so you don't have to worry about spills or leaks. And, the extra small size is perfect for small hands to open and close. Ideal for snacking on-the-go, bringing lunch ideas to life, conquering meal prep and organizing your fridge, pantry, or home. Use them for yogurt, fruit, vegetables, crackers and much more. This is a really basic option that is both affordable and dependable. If you’re looking for something just a little nicer than the Ziploc, check out the Fullstar Food Storage Containers with Lids. This 40-piece set includes 20 containers with 20 lids. Store and transport entrees and soups confidently with our revolutionary snap-lock containers. Also great for small arts and crafts supplies like beads.Leakproof 4-hinge locking system forms an airtight, watertight seal between container and lid. Never endure spilled food in your lunch bag again. Translucent design allows easy identification of contents. And finally, if you want the best of the best let me point you towards the epidemy of dependable food storage, the Rubbermaid Brilliance Storage 14-Piece set. Rubbermaid Brilliance airtight food storage containers are built with secure latches on each piece, so you can transport your favorite foods mess-free—even soups, stews, and sauces. The crystal-clear, durable Tritan plastic container makes it easy to see what’s inside, plus it's stain-and odor-resistant, so it stays looking like new. If you have any questions, go ahead and drop those in the comments because I’ll be going through and answering them! You guys always have some seriously awesome questions. Now, while you’re down there, also tell me what other products you’re on the hunt for. What devices orproducts should we cover next?Thank you, guys, for joining me today! Remember, if you liked this video, let me know by hitting that like button, subscribing to Consumer Buddy, and clicking the notification bell to always be the first to know when we havefresh content!Have a great rest of your day, or night, and I’ll catch you in another video soon. . . -DISCLOSURE-. . I am affiliated, with but not sponsored by any product featured in this video. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. The links in the description are my affiliate links which means if you click on one of them and buy the product I’ll receive a small commission. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide product reviews without bias. From the millions of products, I pick the ones I personally have tested and have been highly impressed which I’ll then recommend. This is how I feed my family by making honest and useful reviews so that you can make informed buying decisions. I appreciate your support.. . Hope you enjoyed my Top 3 Food Storage Containers Pick in 2023 video.. . . 
Celia Ellenberg, beauty director. Clé de Peau Beauté Eyebrow Gel. Lauren Valenti, senior beauty editor. Augustinus Bader The Eye Cream. Shikohin Ultimate Tool Duo - Gift Set. Act+Acre Cold Processed Cleanse Shampoo. Esker Body Plane Set. Kiana Murden, beauty commerce writer. Dyson Airwrap Complete. Kosas GrowPotion Fluffy Brow + Lash Boosting Serum. Alo Yoga Earth’s Finest Essential Oil Set. Sunday Riley Charcoal Smoothie Jelly Body Scrub. Arden Fanning, contributor. Dior Prestige La Crème Texture Essentielle. Liis Rose Struck Eau de Parfum. Elise Taylor, senior living writer. Dr. Barbara Sturm Eye Cream. Clarissa Schmidt, commerce producer. Living Proof Full Shampoo. Stacked Skincare Ice Roller. Chioma Nnadi, editor of Vogue.com. Rose Ingleton MD SuperFruit Gentle Brightening Cleanser. Tammy Fender Plant Milk Serum. Costa Brazil Kaya Jungle Firming Oil. Nicole Phelps, global director of Vogue Runway. Costa Brazil Aroma Eau de Parfum. Costa Brazil Aroma in Oil. Liana Satenstein, senior fashion writer. Supergoop! Superscreen Daily Moisturizer SPF 40. Drybar Agua Fresca Hydrating Shampoo. Mai Morsch, associate market editor. Caudalie Vinoclean Instant Foaming Cleanser. Caudalie Vinoclean Gentle Cleansing Almond Milk. Irene Kim, production and editorial coordinator. Gisou Honey Infused Hair Oil. Kylee McGuigan, associate commerce producer. Jan Marini C-Esta Cleansing Gel. Jan Marini Age Intervention Duality Adult-Acne Treatment Cream. Laia Garcia-Furtado, senior fashion news editor. Tata Harper Regenerating Cleanser. Ciarra Lorren Zatorski, associate fashion editor. Hot Tools Professional 24K Gold One Step Volumizer and Hair Dryer. Lucy Dolan-Zalaznick, creative development senior associate. ManiMe Nail Stickers. Bumble and bumble Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil Primer. Taylor Lashley, social media manager. Topicals Faded Under Eye Masks. Rhode Peptide Lip Treatment. Madeline Fass, fashion market editor. Leonor Greyl Éclat Naturel Styling Cream. Emma Specter, culture writer. Everyday Oil Mainstay Blend. More Great Stories From Vogue Shopping. Vogue Beauty.
Celia Ellenberg, beauty director. Clé de Peau Beauté Eyebrow Gel. Lauren Valenti, senior beauty editor. Augustinus Bader The Eye Cream. Shikohin Ultimate Tool Duo - Gift Set. Act+Acre Cold Processed Cleanse Shampoo. Esker Body Plane Set. Kiana Murden, beauty commerce writer. Dyson Airwrap Complete. Kosas GrowPotion Fluffy Brow + Lash Boosting Serum. Alo Yoga Earth’s Finest Essential Oil Set. Sunday Riley Charcoal Smoothie Jelly Body Scrub. Arden Fanning, contributor. Dior Prestige La Crème Texture Essentielle. Liis Rose Struck Eau de Parfum. Elise Taylor, senior living writer. Dr. Barbara Sturm Eye Cream. Clarissa Schmidt, commerce producer. Living Proof Full Shampoo. Stacked Skincare Ice Roller. Chioma Nnadi, editor of Vogue.com. Rose Ingleton MD SuperFruit Gentle Brightening Cleanser. Tammy Fender Plant Milk Serum. Costa Brazil Kaya Jungle Firming Oil. Nicole Phelps, global director of Vogue Runway. Costa Brazil Aroma Eau de Parfum. Costa Brazil Aroma in Oil. Liana Satenstein, senior fashion writer. Supergoop! Superscreen Daily Moisturizer SPF 40. Drybar Agua Fresca Hydrating Shampoo. Mai Morsch, associate market editor. Caudalie Vinoclean Instant Foaming Cleanser. Caudalie Vinoclean Gentle Cleansing Almond Milk. Irene Kim, production and editorial coordinator. Gisou Honey Infused Hair Oil. Kylee McGuigan, associate commerce producer. Jan Marini C-Esta Cleansing Gel. Jan Marini Age Intervention Duality Adult-Acne Treatment Cream. Laia Garcia-Furtado, senior fashion news editor. Tata Harper Regenerating Cleanser. Ciarra Lorren Zatorski, associate fashion editor. Hot Tools Professional 24K Gold One Step Volumizer and Hair Dryer. Lucy Dolan-Zalaznick, creative development senior associate. ManiMe Nail Stickers. Bumble and bumble Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil Primer. Taylor Lashley, social media manager. Topicals Faded Under Eye Masks. Rhode Peptide Lip Treatment. Madeline Fass, fashion market editor. Leonor Greyl Éclat Naturel Styling Cream. Emma Specter, culture writer. Everyday Oil Mainstay Blend. More Great Stories From Vogue Shopping. Vogue Beauty.
Celia Ellenberg, beauty director. Clé de Peau Beauté Eyebrow Gel. Lauren Valenti, senior beauty editor. Augustinus Bader The Eye Cream. Shikohin Ultimate Tool Duo - Gift Set. Act+Acre Cold Processed Cleanse Shampoo. Esker Body Plane Set. Kiana Murden, beauty commerce writer. Dyson Airwrap Complete. Kosas GrowPotion Fluffy Brow + Lash Boosting Serum. Alo Yoga Earth’s Finest Essential Oil Set. Sunday Riley Charcoal Smoothie Jelly Body Scrub. Arden Fanning, contributor. Dior Prestige La Crème Texture Essentielle. Liis Rose Struck Eau de Parfum. Elise Taylor, senior living writer. Dr. Barbara Sturm Eye Cream. Clarissa Schmidt, commerce producer. Living Proof Full Shampoo. Stacked Skincare Ice Roller. Chioma Nnadi, editor of Vogue.com. Rose Ingleton MD SuperFruit Gentle Brightening Cleanser. Tammy Fender Plant Milk Serum. Costa Brazil Kaya Jungle Firming Oil. Nicole Phelps, global director of Vogue Runway. Costa Brazil Aroma Eau de Parfum. Costa Brazil Aroma in Oil. Liana Satenstein, senior fashion writer. Supergoop! Superscreen Daily Moisturizer SPF 40. Drybar Agua Fresca Hydrating Shampoo. Mai Morsch, associate market editor. Caudalie Vinoclean Instant Foaming Cleanser. Caudalie Vinoclean Gentle Cleansing Almond Milk. Irene Kim, production and editorial coordinator. Gisou Honey Infused Hair Oil. Kylee McGuigan, associate commerce producer. Jan Marini C-Esta Cleansing Gel. Jan Marini Age Intervention Duality Adult-Acne Treatment Cream. Laia Garcia-Furtado, senior fashion news editor. Tata Harper Regenerating Cleanser. Ciarra Lorren Zatorski, associate fashion editor. Hot Tools Professional 24K Gold One Step Volumizer and Hair Dryer. Lucy Dolan-Zalaznick, creative development senior associate. ManiMe Nail Stickers. Bumble and bumble Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil Primer. Taylor Lashley, social media manager. Topicals Faded Under Eye Masks. Rhode Peptide Lip Treatment. Madeline Fass, fashion market editor. Leonor Greyl Éclat Naturel Styling Cream. Emma Specter, culture writer. Everyday Oil Mainstay Blend. More Great Stories From Vogue Shopping. Vogue Beauty.
Blue Lizard Sensitive Mineral Sunscreen SPF 50+. An easy-to-spread physical sunscreen. Banana Boat Light As Air Sunscreen Lotion SPF 50+. A nongreasy chemical sunscreen. Equate Sport Broad Spectrum Sunscreen Value Size SPF 50. A lower-price chemical sunscreen. Thrive Bodyshield SPF 50. A reef-safe physical sunscreen. Everything we recommend. Blue Lizard Sensitive Mineral Sunscreen SPF 50+. An easy-to-spread physical sunscreen. Banana Boat Light As Air Sunscreen Lotion SPF 50+. A nongreasy chemical sunscreen. Equate Sport Broad Spectrum Sunscreen Value Size SPF 50. A lower-price chemical sunscreen. Thrive Bodyshield SPF 50. A reef-safe physical sunscreen. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked and tested. Our favorite physical sunscreens. Blue Lizard Sensitive Mineral Sunscreen SPF 50+. Blue Lizard Sensitive Mineral Sunscreen SPF 50+. An easy-to-spread physical sunscreen. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Thrive Bodyshield SPF 50. Thrive Bodyshield SPF 50. A reef-safe physical sunscreen. Our favorite chemical sunscreens. Banana Boat Light As Air Sunscreen Lotion SPF 50+. Banana Boat Light As Air Sunscreen Lotion SPF 50+. A nongreasy chemical sunscreen. Equate Sport Broad Spectrum Sunscreen Value Size SPF 50. Equate Sport Broad Spectrum Sunscreen Value Size SPF 50. A lower-price chemical sunscreen. Other good sunscreens. Physical sunscreens. Chemical sunscreens. The competition. Physical sunscreens. Chemical sunscreens. Combination sunscreens. Meet your guide. Further reading. 25 Wirecutter Picks for a Summer Beach Day. You Should Be Wearing Sunscreen on Your Face Every Day.
Subscribe to my NEW podcast,@Justaposition Podcastfeaturing creators you know and love! 🎙️. Shop my skin care favorites of 2022:. . ✨ PRODUCTS MENTIONED ✨. . 🍯 Sun Bum Mineral Face Sunscreen Lotion SPF 30:. 🛵 MDSolarSciences Mineral Creme SPF 50:. 🌞 Bliss Block Star Daily Mineral Sunscreen SPF 30:. 🐝 Isntree Hyaluronic Acid Watery Sun Gel SPF50+:. 🌼 SCINIC Enjoy Super Mild Sun Essence SPF 50:. 🍋 BEAUTY OF JOSEON Relief Sun Rice + Probiotic SPF 50+:. 🌻 Hero Cosmetics Force Shield Super Light SPF 30:. . ✨ VIDEOS MENTIONED ✨. . The BEST Sunscreens for Dark Skin Tones -. The BEST Cleansing Balms of 2022 -. . The BEST Cleansers of 2022 -. . The BEST Serums of 2022 -. . The BEST Moisturizers of 2022 -. . . Be sure to SUBSCRIBE to my channel to learn how to perfect your skin care routine every week! :). . _______________________________________________________________. FOLLOW ME. Instagram (@Hyram):TikTok: (@Hyram):. BUSINESS/PR INQUIRIES: info@skincarebyhyram.com. . 00:00 - Introduction . 02:12 - Sunscreen 1. 03:49 - Sunscreen 2. 04:35 - Sunscreen 3. 05:58 - Sunscreen 4. 07:09 - Sunscreen 5. 08:31 - Your Top Picks . 08:58 - Sunscreen 6. 10:53 - Sunscreen 7. 12:19 - Final Thoughts . 13:05 - Outro. 13:27 - Alison Teal Justaposition Podcast Episode Teaser
Love Beauty and Planet Murumuru Butter & Rose Delicious Glow Body Lotion. Jack Black Turbo Body Lotion. Jo Malone London Lime Basil and Mandarin Body Crème. Glytone Exfoliating Body Lotion. Cetaphil Moisturizing Lotion. Nivea Essentially Enriched Body Lotion. Peter Thomas Roth Water Drench Hyaluronic Cloud Hydrating Body Cream. Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Body Lotion. AmLactin Daily Moisturizing Body Lotion. Bio-Oil Body Lotion. Curél Daily Healing Dry Skin Hand and Body Lotion. Summer Fridays Skin Nourishing Body Lotion. Kiehl's Creme de Corps. CeraVe Moisturizing Cream. Dove Whipped Body Cream. Neutrogena Hydro Boost Body Gel Cream. Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Bum Bum Cream. La Roche-Posay Lipikar Balm AP+. Eucerin Roughness Relief Lotion. First Aid Beauty Ultra Repair Cream. Jergens Rose Body Butter.
I’ve been using “Aveeno Daily Moisturizing Lotion - Fragrance Free”. I like it so far. I did notice it helped get rid of the dry bumps on the back of my arms. My dermatologist suggested Amlactin and my skin LOVES it. Not wonderful smelling, but not too off putting and doesn't linger. My skin is happily hydrated and soft. Vaseline Intensive Care lotion. I use the non greasy one on my face and the regular one all over after a shower. aveeno has great options! Been using Aveeno for decades!
What is your favorite body lotion? I get this questions all the time, so I decided to share my current favorites in this video. Tell me what body lotion is your favorite in the comments!. . WATCH NEXT:. Hydrating Body Skincare Routine:Winter Skincare Tips:. Join our beauty Facebook group!.. SHOP:. 🔹 Nécessaire The Body Lotion. Shop Sephora (affiliate):Shop Nordstrom (affiliate):. 🔹 Josie Maran Skin Dope CBD Body Butter. Shop (affiliate):. . 🔹 Bioderma Atoderm Intensive Baume. Shop Dermstore (affiliate):Shop Amazon (affiliate):. 🔹 Cetaphil Moisturizing Cream. Shop Amazon (affiliate):Shop Ulta (affiliate):Shop Target (affiliate):. 💋 My Lip Combo. MAC Lipstick ("Velvet Teddy"):Buxom Lip Cream (Bellini):. FOLLOW:. Susan Yara:Susan’s Tik Tok:Mixed Makeup:Pinterest:. SUBSCRIBE:. Mixed Makeup:@SusanYara​:. BUSINESS INQUIRIES: Info@MixedMakeup.com. . 
CeraVe Daily Moisturizing Lotion. Caudalie's Premier Cru The Cream. La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Moisturizer SPF 30. Ole Henkrisen Strength Trainer Peptide Boost Moisturizer. Paula's Choice Omega+ Complex Moisturizer. First Aid Beauty Ultra Repair Cream. Farmacy Daily Greens Oil-Free Gel Moisturizer. The Inkey List Peptide Moisturizer. Aveeno Calm + Restore Redness Relief Cream. Glow Recipe Plum Plump Refillable Moisturizer. Neutrogena Hydro Boost Gel-Cream for Extra-Dry Skin. Dr. Jart+ Cicapair Tiger Grass Calming Gel Cream. SK-II Skinpower Cream. Augustinus Bader The Rich Cream. Kiehl's Ultra Facial Cream. E.L.F. Holy Hydration! Face Cream Fragrance Free. Drunk Elephant Lala Retro Whipped Cream. Eminence Organics Mangosteen Gel Moisturizer. Laneige Water Bank Blue Hyaluronic Cream Moisturizer. BeautyStat Universal Pro-Bio Moisture Cream. Murad Intense Recovery Cream. Cetaphil Daily Hydrating Lotion. Skinfix Barrier+ Lipid-Peptide Cream.
Hi everyone and welcome to SkincareAddiction!Need skincare guides? [Check out our wiki!]( is welcome in [this community]( remember to be kind and assume good faith :)*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SkincareAddiction) if you have any questions or concerns.* I have super sensitive skin, combo skin and The Ordinary's moisturizing factors is perfect for me. I think it's under $8. La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Face Moisturizer UV SPF 30 It’s $19.99 at Ulta, but don’t forget to pull up the $3.50 off over $15 coupon on your phone from the Ulta website when checking out. I have sensitive, dry skin and I’m obsessed with this moisturizer. Also, having a 2 in 1 moisturizer plus SPF helps save money by not having to buy both. I layer mostly The Ordinary products beneath. I add a few drops of oil (usually rosehip seed oil) beneath if I need a little extra moisturizing. [Cetaphil moisturizing lotion]( or Neutrogena hydroboost gel cream is affordable and good for sensitive skin. CeraVe has great moisturizers. They can be found at most drugstores like target/Walmart.
THE ONLY SKINCARE GUIDE YOU NEED:. *Products Mentioned*. SkinFix:La Roche Posay:Biossance:CeraVe PM:Neutrogena Retinol:RoC Retinol:Kiehl's:FAB Collagen:.. *Shop Favorite Skincare Products*.20% Off Paula's Choice:Register to Shop SkinBetter Science:. *Affiliate Links Generate Revenue for the Channel*. . 0:00 Intro. 0:56 Best for Dry Skin. 3:42 Best for Oily Skin. 6:32 Best for Acne Skin. 7:53 Best Retinol Moisturizers. 11:24 Best Sunscreen Moisturizers. 13:59 Best Overall Moisturizers. 19:28 Bloopers. . . 
Kosas Chemistry Deodorant. Native Coconut & Vanilla Deodorant. Nécessaire The Deodorant Gel. Schmidt's Deodorant Stick. Kopari Aluminum-Free Deodorant. Nala Personalized Deodorant. Degree Antiperspirant Deodorant Dry Spray. Donna Karan Cashmere Mist Deodorant. Corpus The Botanist Natural Deodorant. SweatBlock Antiperspirant. Pacifica Underarm Deodorant Wipes. Rio Deo Aluminum-Free Deodorant Cheirosa '62. Dove Dry Serum Antiperspirant Deodorant. Briogeo B. Well Tea Tree + Eucalyptus Clean Natural Deodorant. By Humankind Deodorant. Final Verdict. What to Look For in a Deodorant. Aluminum vs. No Aluminum. Natural vs. Traditional. Active Ingredients. Related Stories.
old spice swagger along with my old swagger body wash. Im swagged tf out. The gals at work always tell me I smell so clean. I use Nivea Deep Black Carbon Espresso (one of the advantages of being on Reddit on the toilet is you can glance over and see your deo name).It might be an acquired taste but I like it. WD-40 - It's really good. Honestly, Old Spice.  To be fair it’s mainly the only one I’ve tried but it works so good. Mitchem deodorant works well for me
Deodorants are very important to keep you odor and sweat free. In today's video, Jeff from The Style O.G. gives his picks for the best men's deodorants for 2022.. . Degree 48 Hour AntiperspirantArt Of Sport DeodorantGillette Cool Wave Gel DeodorantMitchum Unscented Triple Odor DefenseRight Guard Sport DeodorantEvery Man Jack Deodorant SpraySchmidt's Natural DeodorantDegree Men On The Go Deodorant WipesSweat Block Clinical Strength WipesOars & Alps Natural Deodorant. For business inquiries thestyleogbiz@gmail.com. . 11 Affordable Ways To Look More Expensive12 Things Older Guys Should Never Wear13 Things Older Guys SHOULD Wear10 Style Mistakes Older Guys Make That Make Them Look Old10 Mistakes Older Guys Make Trying To Look YoungerHow To Build A Minimalist WardrobeBest Style Tips For Dad Bod. How And Where To Apply Cologne. How To Dress In Your 40's. . Help Support The Channel By Shopping The Style O.G. Amazon Page!. MY GEAR. CAMERA CANON 70DLIGHTING KIT FANCIER 3 POINT LIGHTINGEXTERNAL MICINSIGNIA MULTI DIRECTIONAL MIC . 
Most Robust Floral Perfume. Most Enduring Perfume. Maison Francis Kurkdjian Baccarat Rouge 540 Eau de Parfum. Maison Francis Kurkdjian Baccarat Rouge 540 Eau de Parfum. Glossier Glossier You. Glossier Glossier You. Gucci Bloom Eau de Parfum For Her. Gucci Bloom Eau de Parfum For Her. Dior Miss Dior Eau de Parfum. Dior Miss Dior Eau de Parfum. Heretic Dirty Vanilla Eau de Parfum. Heretic Dirty Vanilla Eau de Parfum. Chanel Chance Eau de Parfum Spray. Chanel Chance Eau de Parfum Spray. Yves Saint Laurent Black Opium Eau de Parfum Spray. Yves Saint Laurent Black Opium Eau de Parfum Spray. Chanel  N°5 Eau de Parfum Spray. Chanel  N°5 Eau de Parfum Spray. Fenty Beauty Fenty Eau de Parfum. Fenty Beauty Fenty Eau de Parfum. Le Labo Santal 33 Eau de Parfum. Le Labo Santal 33 Eau de Parfum. Loewe 001 Woman Perfume. Loewe 001 Woman Perfume. Tom Ford Black Orchid Eau de Parfum. Tom Ford Black Orchid Eau de Parfum. Viktor & Rolf Flowerbomb Eau de Parfum. Viktor & Rolf Flowerbomb Eau de Parfum. kai Eau de Parfum. kai Eau de Parfum. Giorgio Armani Sì Eau de Parfum Fragrance. Giorgio Armani Sì Eau de Parfum Fragrance. Jo Malone London Wood Sage & Sea Salt Cologne. Jo Malone London Wood Sage & Sea Salt Cologne. Bond No. 9 New York Scent of Peace Eau de Parfum. Bond No. 9 New York Scent of Peace Eau de Parfum. Marc Jacobs Daisy Eau de Toilette. Marc Jacobs Daisy Eau de Toilette. Henry Rose Jake's House. Henry Rose Jake's House. Prada Candy Eau de Parfum Spray. Prada Candy Eau de Parfum Spray.
My all-time top fav is **MFK Gentle Fluidity Gold**At the moment (for wintertime):1. Guerlain Aqua Allegoria Forte Mandarin Basilic2. By Kilian Angel’s Share3. Indult Tihota4. MFK BR540 extrait5. Xerjoff SymphoniumDuring summer it was: MM Replica Matcha MeditationMaison Mahata Escapade GourmandeGuerlain AA Mandarin BasilicMM Replica Lazy Sunday MorningDiptyque Fleur de Peau 1. Byredo Bal D'Afrique2. Le Labo Santal 333. Le Labo Another 134. Byredo Mojave Ghost5. Byredo Gypsy WaterFell in love with these two houses and sort of gave up on the rest of my collection (100+ bottles). Really into simple clean fragrances at the moment 1.  Orto Parisi Stercus2. CDG seqouia 3. Beaufort Tonnere4. Tom Ford Fucking Fabulous 5. Fzotic Ummagumma I love them all so much and I think it says a lot about how bold, complex and thoughtful I am.  I like my perfumes to have both dark and light, and an intensity that is androgynous.  My fashion sense is “a goth who likes color too much” and my perfumes follow! 1. Spicebomb Infrared2. Dior Homme Intense3. Penhaligon’s The Uncompromising Sohan4. PDM Layton5. ADG Profondo That’s a really hard one.  Here’s my best effort:1) Dior - Bois D’Argent  2) Louis Vuitton - Ombre Nomade  3) Creed - Green Irish Tweed  4) Initio - Side Effect  5) Tom Ford - Tobacco VanilleAnd finally, for sentimental reasons, Abercrombie & Fitch - Fierce.  I worked there while Mike Jeffries was CEO.  Contrary to popular opinion, it’s the most I’ve ever felt included in my life and is my favorite job to date and toward the top of my most treasured life experiences.  I can’t even really wear it anymore without getting emotional about how what I loved was ruined by new leadership and mob mentality.  Anyway.
SUBMIT CHANNEL. Perfume Youtube Channels. Jeremy Fragrance. Gents Scents. Smelling Great Fragrance Reviews. Redolessence. MrSmelly1977. Delicious Delights. Fragrance Bros. ouch110 Fragrance Reviews. Beauty Meow. Marco 4 U Perfumes. Mr Scott 01 Fragrances. The Scentinel. Brooklyn Fragrance Lover. FRAGRANCEFANATIC1. Ami Loves Perfume. AtheS Perfume. The Perfume Pros. Dream Love 1000. Fragrance Test Tube. About The Author.
Chanel Bleu de Chanel. Chanel Bleu de Chanel parfum. Dior Sauvage. Dior Sauvage eau de toilette. Ralph Lauren Polo Black. Ralph Lauren Polo Black eau de toilette. Gucci the Alchemist’s Garden the Last Day of Summer. Gucci the Alchemist’s Garden the Last Day of Summer eau de parfum. Maison Margiela Replica Jazz Club. Maison Margiela Replica Jazz Club eau de toilette. Calvin Klein Eternity for Men. Calvin Klein Eternity for Men eau de toilette. Le Labo Another 13. Le Labo Another 13 eau de parfum. Byredo Bibliothèque. Byredo Bibliothèque eau de parfum. Yves Saint Laurent L’Homme eau de toilette. Yves Saint Laurent L’Homme eau de toilette. Maison Crivelli Osmanthe Kodoshan. Maison Crivelli Osmanthe Kodoshan eau de parfum. Hugo Boss Boss. Hugo Boss Boss eau de toilette. Tom Ford Oud Wood. Tom Ford Oud Wood eau de parfum. Frédéric Malle Geranium Pour Monsieur. Frédéric Malle Geranium Pour Monsieur eau de parfum. Hermès H24 eau de toilette. The Nue Co. Functional Fragrance. The Nue Co Functional Fragrance. Prada Luna Rossa Ocean eau de toilette. Prada Luna Rossa Ocean eau de toilette. Jo Malone London Myrrh & Tonka Cologne Intense. Jo Malone London Myrrh & Tonka Cologne Intense. Giorgio Armani Acqua di Gio. Giorgio Armani Acqua di Giò eau de toilette. Bond No.9 New York Wall Street. Bond No.9 New York Wall Street eau de parfum. Elorea Fire. Elorea Fire eau de parfum. Creed Aventus. Creed Aventus eau de parfum. Versace Eros. Versace Eros eau de parfum. Maison Francis Kurkdjian Grand Soir. Maison Francis Kurkdjian Grand Soir eau de parfum. Acqua di Parma Colonia. Acqua di Parma Colonia eau de cologne. Parfums De Marly Layton. Parfums De Marly Layton eau de parfum. Carolina Herrera Bad Boy. Carolina Herrera Bad Boy eau de toilette. Givenchy Gentleman. Givenchy Gentleman eau de parfum. Paco Rabanne 1 Million Lucky. Paco Rabanne 1 Million Lucky eau de toilette. Henry Rose Smyth. Henry Rose Smyth eau de parfum. Celine Black Tie. Celine Black Tie eau de parfum. Shop More Beauty Tips From Vogue Shopping. Vogue Beauty.
If I had to pick 5 fragrances they'd be 1. Aventus by Creed King of the game 2. Dior Homme Intense and Parfum masterpiece 3. Dior Sauvage EDT best compliments getter 4. Versace Eros EDT best cheapie 5. Gentleman Givenchy reserve Privee still new but has the potential to be extremely popular That’s an easy win for Givenchy Gentleman Reserve Privée. Gentleman Reserve Privé By "in 2022" do you mean "released in 2022" or "available in 2022?" The new Terre d'Hermès Eau Givrée is really nice
links below . These are the best colognes for men ever according to women.. 💥 Buy DISCOUNTED fragrances:. USA 🇺🇸& ALL INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING 🌎 . ➤my favourite:(use code FX15 for -15%). ➤amazing selection:. GERMANY 🇩🇪 UK 🇬🇧 CANADA 🇨🇦 . ➤Germany:➤Canada:➤UK:➤my second favourite UK only:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. ➤ 🧪GET ALL THE SAMPLES OF FRAGRANCES HERE:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. FRAGRANCES MENTIONED:. 13 Armani .UK:. 12 Armani .UK:. 11 Paco Rabanne .UK:. 10 Victor&Rolf. US:UK:. 9 Zadig&Voltaire .UK:. 8 Versace .UK:. 7 YSL .uk:. 6 Dior .UK:. 5 Creed.UK:. 4 Chanel .UK:Germany:. 3 Guerlain .UK:Uk:. 2 Tom Ford.UK:Germany:. 1 Fragrance Du Bois.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. Maciej's leather jacket:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. MY FAVOURITE FRAGRANCE SHOPS. DESIGNER. ➤ ➤ ➤ . NICHE. ➤ ➤ use code MON10 for 10% off. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. SHOP COLOGNE LISTS ON AMAZON: ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. 🙌SUPPORT THE CHANNEL🙌. ➤ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. 📩Brand Partnerships/ Contact me: info@monikacioch.com. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. SHOP MY FRAGRANCES NOW : THE EMBRACE:CARTE BLANCHE:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. 
$9.99 $8 at Amazon. $49.95 $39.95 at Amazon. How we tested. Other men’s razors we tested. Harry’s Winston Razor. Harry’s Truman Razor. Dollar Shave Club. Merkur 34C Heavy-Duty Safety Razor. Schick Hydro 5 Sense. Gillette Planet KIND. Merkur Futur. Gillette Mach3. Gillette Heated. Philips Norelco OneBlade.
Good old safety razors. I have a hand-me-down Gillette from my grandfather and buy blades online ($0.05 each). I use a double edge safety razor.  You’ll need to experiment to see what you like (aggressive vs not-so-aggressive head, heavy handle vs light handle).  I prefer heavy and aggressive and I go for the Razorock SLAB head with a Muhle R89 handle with feather blades.  I usually shave every day but if I time my shaves right, I can pull off shaving every other day.  I’ve been using the same setup for almost ten years now.  While you’re getting a nice razor, don’t forget the prep - nice brush, oil, shave cream, and aftershave.Edit: Also, if you end up going double edge safety route, watch a couple of tutorials before your first shave or you’ll cut yourself up pretty good - not like jugular or anything, just small cuts that are a PITA.  It takes a little finesse but once you get the technique down it’s easy.  Also, I’ve found the safety razor to be a better quality shave and less irritating to sensitive skin, even when you make a couple passes with it (with grain, across grain, against grain). I love my Merkur safety razor, perfect angle, no nicks or cuts on me in 20+ years of use. Very satisfying shave.    Best razor/shaves I've had.Mine's the 38c, but Pick your favorite, 34c, 38c, 39c etc. in short or long handle. A great blade is required also, I prefer Merkur's platinum stainless double edge blades, but you might want to buy a sampler pack of different brands to discover your blade by feel, and length of usability. And as suggested, visit r/shaving for a journey down the rabbit hole that is shaving. Are you open to a straight razor? or is it newer stuff only? As stated - Dual edge safety razors are great. Stirling soap.com has excellent starter shave kits with less aggressive heads for beginners. Just practice your technique and you’ll be golden. Also, a pro tip I’ve learned. Store your razor head submerged in a cup of mineral oil (~4 at a pharmacy) it will prevent your blade from oxidizing and will prolong its useful life exponentially. Since I’ve started doing this, I use 1 blade (Persona) every 2-3 months shaving 2x a week.
In today's VOLT Video, Scott will be discussing the many different types of men's razors and men's shavers on the market, ultimately to answer the age old question: Which men's razor is the best? Here are the different typesof men's shavers Scott is going to be discussing today:. . 1: Straight razors/single blade razors. 2: Electric Razors/Electric Shavers. 3: Multi-blade Razors/Safety Razors. . Shop Volt Products:Instagram:Facebook:. RECOMMENDED VIDEOS. . How to get the perfect crew cut:.. How to style your mustache using a beard brush:.. ABOUT VOLT GROOMING. Founded in 2018, VOLT was constructed on the belief that every man has what it takes to be awesome. And we want to be a part of your story. Our goal is to help men improve their quality of life while also improving the quality of the world through our environmental efforts. We do this by offering high-quality, eco-friendly, natural men's grooming products along with lifestyle advice, inspiration, and more in our Volt videos! And be sure to subscribe to the VOLT channel to be part of our supportive community.. . VOLT SOCIAL MEDIA.. SUBSCRIBE TO OUR CHANNEL.. Which Men's Razor Is The Best? | Types of Men's Shavers
Gillette Venus Original. Gillette Venus Swirl. A razor for trickier areas. Beautiful razor, handy wall mount. Everything we recommend. Gillette Venus Original. Gillette Venus Swirl. A razor for trickier areas. Beautiful razor, handy wall mount. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. Leaf Razor Review: A Customizable, Plastic-Free, Cartridge-Like Shave. How we picked and tested. Our pick: Gillette Venus Original. Gillette Venus Original. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Also great: Gillette Venus Swirl. Gillette Venus Swirl. A razor for trickier areas. Also great: Billie. Beautiful razor, handy wall mount. The competition. Meet your guide. Further reading. 22 Everyday Essentials Worth Stocking Up On During Cyber Monday. The One Thing I Wish I Had Brought on Vacation.
You can extend the life of the razor you like by a billion percent:1.  Get a coffee cup.2.  Get a bottle of [mineral oil]( which is ~$5.3.  Fill coffee cup up to the 2" mark with mineral oil, get a fresh blade on your new razor and drop it, business end first, into the oil.You have just increased the lifespan of ANY razor you use by 7823%.Why and how:  Oxygen corrodes the blade which dulls the blade.  When you store the razor sans oxygen for 99.98% of the day, you remove 99.98% of corrosion.  You remove the razor while lathering and/or kant the blade so it drips into the cup.  Shave as normal.  Clean blade as normal.  Drop into oil.  If you are traveling, one can use an old peanut butter jar with lid instead of a coffee cup.You will use less than 6 razors per year using the above advice.Add mineral oil once a quarter or so as the level naturally drops.  DO NOT use another type of oil or add anything to the oil.  If you use anything other than 100% pure mineral oil, the oil will go to the dark side and smell like a dumpster fire at a Thai restaurant. I have a Merkur brand, I'm not sure the number but looks a lot like the 34C. It's got a short handle and a nice weight. I cannot recommend it enough. I also recommend Feather brand razors. This is what I've been using this combination for about 7 years. Very happy with my set up. I switched over to a safety razor and while there is a little bit of a learning curve, it’s the best shave I’ve ever had. I bought a Chieftan brand one on Amazon and I’m sure there are better ones but it’s stains less steal and gets the job done. If you’re worried about more sensitive areas, the Leaf razor might be a better choice I’ve heard great things about Leaf. Super in love with my Leaf razor. Uses safety blades that come really cheap, has a more modern tilt head design. It's super heavy weight and solid metal. I don't plan on buying a razor ever again!
These Are the Best Razors for Silky-Smooth Skin 2022 for female. . 1. Best Overall: Gillette Venus Platinum Extra Smooth Razor-. UK:2. Best Subscription: Billie Razor Starter Kit-|| . Similar-UK:3. Runner-Up: Best Subscription: Athena Club Razor Kit-*Amazon-UK:4. Best for Sensitive Skin: Schick Intuition Sensitive Care Razor-. UK:5. Best Ergonomic: Flamingo Razor-UK:6. Best Grip: Joy Razor-UK:7. Best for Travel: Gillette Venus ComfortGlide White Tea Blades-UK:*Checkout-8. Best for Dermaplaning: Schick Hydro Silk Touch-Up Disposable Razors-UK:9.Best Bikini Trimmer: Schick Hydro Silk TrimStyle Razor-UK:.========================Note:=========================. These products in this video belong to the website owner and the product owner. This is not a promotional video, just some cool gadgets that make our life better.. . Copyright Issue:-. If you find any of your copyrighted material in this video, please leave us a message so we can resolve the issue.. © All rights reserved by respective owners.
Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. In this article. What we’re looking for. Solvent type. Makeup type. Product type. Some more makeup removers we’ve written about. Our experts. get the strategist newsletter. Deal of the Day. Micro Sales. Greatest Hits. Most Viewed Stories. Greatest Hits. Today's Top Clicked. Related Stories.
I really like Clinique’s cleansing balm. It does a great job getting off my makeup without stripping the moisture from my face. I’ve also found that using a little bit of face oil on my dry face before cleansing has done just as well. I use the Trader Joe’s Vitamin E oil, which is really gentle on my skin, removes my eye makeup, and you really can’t beat the price. Farmacy clean green balm!!  Green Clean is the GOAT. I double cleanse with this every day and it’s so gentle for contact wearers. Not sure if it’s still going on but on their website has $25 off if you spend $50. I really like cleansing oils! I have a tatcha one currently but am planning to get a cheaper one next time as I feel they all are the same. I prefer the oil to everything else I’ve tried. I find it gets my make up off better I like Bioderma (pink cap) micellar water for soaking off my eye makeup with a well-saturated cotton pad. I'll often saturate a cotton bud too and run it along my waterline area to make sure I'm removing every trace of mascara.I've never experienced irritation from it, but then I have never rubbed and scrubbed as some other people do.Most days, Clinique's TTDO is good enough on its own as my first cleanse to remove all my makeup and sunscreen.

The TikTok-Famous Mascara. The Longest-Lasting Mascara. The One That’s Like Lash Extensions. The All-Around Crowd Pleaser. The Long-Lasting But Easy-to-Remove One. The Gen Z–Approved One. The One If You Have Straight Lashes. The One That Expands Both Ways. The One That Strengthens Your Lashes. The Well-Rounded One. The Well-Rounded One (Drugstore Edition). The One That’s Like a Push-Up Bra. The One That Will Never Give You Raccoon Eyes. The One That’s Perfect in a Pinch. The Flirtatious One. The Sure Thing. Our experts:. Sign up for the Cut Shop newsletter. The Cut Shop. Most Viewed Stories. Editor’s Picks. Most Popular.
Mines will probably be surprisingly the cheapest brand on here. They’re always sold out at Ulta, and it’s for a reason. Essence Lash princess for only $5 and it’s about the best mascara I’ve ever used, AND I’ve used a lot of high end mascaras within the lines of Tarte, Benefit, Clinique and Lancôme… Tubing mascara!  I really love Loreal double extend.  However, I just saw a trick on IG for those who get raccoon eyes -- use whatever mascara you need for volumizing, thickening etc and then apply 1 coat of tubing mascara to lock all that goodness in place. I have yet to try this but I will soon. Maybelline Sky High in waterproof. Seriously the best. I have long lashes without curl, and due to chronic illness I rub my eyes often. The mascara leaves my lashes still just as curled, until 16h later. I've repurchased a few times, and I don't think I'll get another one soon. Roller lash :) it separates my lashes so nicely - my lashes get so stuck together with other ones I swear by l’Oréal Telescopic, it separates the lashes beautifully and really lengthens them, I love it.A bit off topic but lots of people raved about Lancôme’s Monsieur Big, but I absolutely hate it. It looks very clumpy after just one coat and it just ain’t it. Has anyone had the same experience with that mascara?
AHHH!! It’s time to talk about MASCARA!! These are the Top 10 Mascaras According to YOU! Thank you all sooooo much for participating in this series- you have made this SO fun for me!! Do you agree with the top 10?! Let me know in the comments below! Next, we’re talking eyeliner!!! Be sure to submit your fave formula in the google form below! Love you all so much! Xoxo. . NEXT VIDEO - VOTE FOR YOUR FAVORITE EYELINER:. 🛍 I created my dream makeup bag brand with my husband! SHOP HERE:Thank you for your continued love & support! xoxo. . 🛍 MY BRAND:📱 INSTAGRAM:📸 TIKTOK:🐥 TWITTER:📌 PINTEREST:. 🎞 VIDEOS MENTIONED:. "ACCORDING TO YOU" PLAYLIST:. 💋 PRODUCTS MENTIONED:. . SEE ALL THE WINNERS HERE:. 1st PLACE:. 2nd PLACE:. 3rd PLACE:. 4th PLACE:. 5th PLACE:. 6th PLACE:. 7th PLACE:(tie) 7th PLACE:. 8th PLACE:. 9th PLACE:. 10th PLACE:. 💅 WHAT I’M WEARING:. Shirt: Express. Jacket: Mango. Nails: Nails: Light’s Lacquer Tortoise Collection (use code “ALLIE” for 10% off first order)- . Lip Liner: CT Pink Venus- . Gloss: Jaclyn Cosmetics Lip Oil in Rose Drip. . 🖌 BRUSHES & TOOLS I USE:. The BEST Makeup Bags ;):Morphe X Ariel Brush Set (FAVE brushes):Real Techniques Buffing Brush (GREAT SET):BH Cosmetics Brush Set (GREAT SET):Hourglass Vanish Foundation Brush:Tarte Smoothie Blender Brush:Morphe M439 Brush:Morphe M173 Brush:Morphe M405 Brush:theBalm Double Ended Brush:BH Cosmetics 6 Brush (in this set):Morphe M441 Brush:Morphe M433 Brush:Morphe M124 Brush:. 🏷 DISCOUNT CODES:. . COLOURPOP . 10% off with code ALLIE.. HOLIFROG (I'm obsessed with their skincare). 20% off with code ALLIE.. MONIKA BLUNDER BEAUTY. 15% off with code ALLIEG15.. ALLIES OF SKIN & PSA SKIN. 20% off with code ALLIEGLINES. (first order only + create an account).. ALTER EGO. 10% off with code ALLIE.. DEDCOOL. 15% off with code ALLIE15.. SIGMA BEAUTY. 10% off with code ALLIEGBEAUTY.. GLOSSIER. 10% off your first order and/or free shipping $30+ using link.. MINKY COUTURE. 45% off with code ALLIEG45.(these are my FAVORITE blankets made here in Utah!! I love the HUGS & URBAN blankets!!). . 📷 MY CAMERA & LENS:. 📧 EMAIL: info@alliegbeauty.com (business only). . 🎁 Some links above are affiliate links! I earn a small commission if you click and use the link to shop. It doesn’t cost you anything & it helps support my channel! I’m so grateful! 🥰 This video is not sponsored.
Favorite Overall. Charlotte Tilbury Matte Revolution Lipstick. Ultimate Classic. Dior Rouge Dior Refillable Lipstick. Great for Mature Lips. IT Cosmetics Pillow Lips Matte Lipstick. Favorite Drugstore. L'Oréal Colour Riche Satin Lipstick. NYX Professional Makeup Shine Loud Vegan High Shine Long-Lasting Liquid Lip Color. Favorite Matte. Rare Beauty Lip Soufflé Matte Lip Cream. Merit Signature Lip Lightweight Lipstick. Most Dependable Long-Wear. Maybelline New York SuperStay Matte Ink Liquid Lipstick. Clinique Almost Lipstick. Most Dramatic. Lancôme L'Absolu Rouge Drama Ink Liquid Lipstick.
Faces prime + lipstick - tea rose, natural cocoa and bold wine are my favourites.Mac matte lipsticks - Diva, MarrakeshWhat shade would you recommend in the colorbar sinful range for nc 30 yellow skin Loreal's classic bullet lipsticks - something about the formula feels very comfortable and makes my lips look smooth. Shade range is pretty good too. Insight and Mars are definitely killing it. Especially shade wise. Formulas also don't miss. Let’s talk about affordable because nothing slays like a Ms. Claire lip cream Mac bulletsBobbi Brown crushed lip coloursChambor liquid lipsticksColorbar kissproof lip stain and gel color
IT’S HERE!! Another episode of the “According to YOU” series!!! Today we’re talking about LIPSTICKS. I’m soooo excited about this video! HUGE thanks to everyone who submitted their top lipstick picks!!! I’m so thankful for you guys! I hope you enjoy the video & I can’t wait to hear what you think of the top 10! Love you all so so much! xoxo. . 🥰 Help me finish this series by SUBMITTING BELOW!! . . Favorite LIP GLOSS:Favorite BROW PRODUCT:Favorite SETTING SPRAY:. 🛍 I created my dream makeup bag brand with my husband! SHOP HERE:Thank you for your continued love & support! xoxo. . 🛍 MY BRAND:📱 INSTAGRAM:📸 TIKTOK:🐥 TWITTER:📌 PINTEREST:. 🤳 FOR CREATORS:(my absolute fave product-linking platform). . 🎞 VIDEOS MENTIONED:. Rare Beauty Lip Swatches- . According to YOU playlist:. 💋 PRODUCTS MENTIONED:. . 1st PLACE:. . 2nd PLACE: ... . 3rd PLACE:. . 4th PLACE:. . 5th PLACE:. . 6th PLACE:. . 7th PLACE:. . 8th PLACE:. . 9th PLACE:. . 10th PLACE (tied):..... . According to YOU playlist:. 💅 WHAT I’M WEARING:. Shirt: Anthropologie. Nails: Lights Lacquer Midnight Train, Follies & Nonsense, and charms (use code “ALLIE” for 10% off)-. Earrings: Tini Lux-. Mascara:. . 🖌 BRUSHES & TOOLS I USE:. The BEST Makeup Bags ;):Morphe X Ariel Brush Set (FAVE brushes):Real Techniques Buffing Brush (GREAT SET):BH Cosmetics Brush Set (GREAT SET):Hourglass Vanish Foundation Brush:Tarte Smoothie Blender Brush:Morphe M439 Brush:Morphe M173 Brush:Morphe M405 Brush:theBalm Double Ended Brush:BH Cosmetics 6 Brush (in this set):Morphe M441 Brush:Morphe M433 Brush:Morphe M124 Brush:. 🏷 DISCOUNT CODES:. . LIGHTS LACQUER NAIL POLISH. 10% off with code ALLIE.. . COLOURPOP . 10% off with code ALLIE.. MOIRA BEAUTY. 20% off with code ALLIE.. PERSONA COSMETICS. 10% off with code ALLIE10.. HOLIFROG (I'm obsessed with their skincare). 20% off with code ALLIE.. MONIKA BLUNDER BEAUTY. 15% off with code ALLIEG15.. ALLIES OF SKIN & PSA SKIN. 20% off with code ALLIEGLINES. (first order only + create an account).. ALTER EGO. 10% off with code ALLIE.. DEDCOOL. 15% off with code ALLIE15.. SIGMA BEAUTY. 10% off with code ALLIEGBEAUTY.. GLOSSIER. 10% off your first order and/or free shipping $30+ using link.. MINKY COUTURE. 45% off with code ALLIE45.(these are my FAVORITE blankets made here in Utah!! I love the HUGS & URBAN blankets!!). . 📷 MY CAMERA & LENS:. 📧 EMAIL: info@alliegbeauty.com (business only). . ASSESS THE SITUATION™. . 🎁 Some links above are affiliate links! I earn a small commission if you click and use the link to shop. It doesn’t cost you anything & it helps support my channel! I’m so grateful! 🥰 This video is not sponsored. . . 🤳 FOR CREATORS:(my absolute fave product-linking platform)
Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. In this article. What we’re looking for. Active ingredients. Some more lip balms we’ve written about. Our experts. get the strategist newsletter. Deal of the Day. Micro Sales. Greatest Hits. Most Viewed Stories. Greatest Hits. Today's Top Clicked. Related Stories.
Aquaphor, but not the lip repair one just the normal aquaphor. it comes in these small little togo squeeze bottles and theyre the only thing that works for me My recipe is thus:1. Use a soft (kids) toothbrush dipped in Vaseline or Aquaphor, gently brush the dead skin cells off your lips. Be careful as you can cause irritation if your brush is too stiff or your brushing is too forceful. You can also use a damp washcloth with a little cream rubbed on for this. (Sugar scrub also works. I've made my own with a little sugar and olive oil. If it makes you happy, just buy the fun yummy ones from Lush or Sephora.) 2. Wipe gently with a damp cloth to remove excess cream and skin. 3. While the lips are still moistened from the damp cloth, apply a hyaluronic serum to your lips. I use the Ordinary brand hyaluronic acid.4. Finish with a layer of Aquaphor or your choice of nourishing occlusive cream. I use a vitamin E oil from Shoppers Drug Mart (Canadian here). I usually do this right after brushing my teeth.Also look into drinking more water if you don't already. If you do drink water and you still have chapped lips, *look into adding electrolytes* to your water. You can still be dehydrated and drink lots of water because what you truly need from the water is to correct the balance of minerals in your body.I buy a hydrating mix from Within Us which has collagen and your essential minerals in stick form, there are plenty on the market, but you can ease into it by trying to add a (low/no sugar) Gatorade to your daily drink repertoire. I got really good advice on Reddit a while back that you need to moisturize your lips then apply an occlusive layer of product like Vaseline or aquaphor to lock the moisture in. That was life changing for my dry ass lips. After I brush my teeth I put a drop of my hyuroic acid serum then a light layer of unscented lotion and top it off with a regular lip balm during the day or a lanolin balm at night. I love palmer’s cocoa butter stick. I’ve lived in the northeast USA most of my life and cocoa butter was a game changer. It’s not the lip balm—specifically the cocoa butter stick [like this!]( I love the Jack Black ones. My favorite is the shea butter and vitamin e
Sharing with you the best lip balm 2021 and the amazing lip balms you have to try.. Essential to tackle dry lips . . Hey guys and welcome back to Mad About Skin where today we are talking the best chapstick to tackle dry lips and the best lip balms 2021. . Winter skincare means a lot of things but often the first thing we notice are the dry chapped lips.. Lip balms can really help to boost hydration but unfortunatly so many are doing the opposite and drying out the lips. . . Have you ever felt trapped in a lip balm cycle where the more you use the drier your lips get and the more you find yourself reaching for the chapstick.. Well a good lip balm is essential to your skincare routine but it's crucial you find one which works. . . In this video I share with you the best lip balms 2021 and the chapsticks which will add so much value to your skin care routine. . . This acts as a chapstick review and a lip balm review for some of the most popular products on the market . . I would love to know what your go to lip products are so please leave me a comment below. . . If you enjoyed the video then please give it a thumbs up to let me know and to support me and the channel . . Products Mentioned:. . La Roche Posay Cicaplast Balm. . Supergoop Play Lip Balm. . Drunk Elephant Lippe. . Q+A Liquorice Lip Oil. . Dr Barbara Sturm Lip Balm. . Augustinus Bader Lip Balm. . Timestamps:. . 00:00 start. 01:40 causes of dry lips. 03:00 vaseline for lips. 04:20 why lip balms are bad. 06:20 best lip balms. 10:29 summary. . Wherever you are in the world, I hope you are keeping safe and well and I look forward to seeing you in the next video. . xx. . Rob. . Shop my skincare line:. For business enquiries please contact: madaboutskin101@gmail.com. Join Our Facebook Group:.. . . Skincare, skin care, skincare routine, skin care routine, dry lips, chapped lips, dry chapped lips, lip balm, best lip balm, best lip balms, best lip balm, chapstick, best chapstick, best lip balm for men, best chapstick for men, tackle dry lips, cure dry lips, winter skincare, winter skin care, treat dry lips, mad about skin, hyram dry lips, dry lips hyram, lip oil, best lip oil, how to, dry lip care,
Essie Nail Polish. OPI Classic Nail Lacquer. Sally Hansen Miracle Gel Nail Polish. Deborah Lippmann Gel Lab Pro. Essie Gel Couture Nail Polish. Nails Inc. Plant Power Vegan Polish. Habit Cosmetics Non-Toxic + Vegan Nail Polish in 36 Moon Rock. Olive & June The Everything Box. Pear Nova Hustle + Glow Duo. Butter London Patent Shine 10X Nail Lacquer. People of Color Matte Top Coat. Color Street Nail Strips. Smith & Cult Nail Lacquer. Orly Breathable Treatment + Color. People of Color Nail Polish. Maybelline Color Show Nail Lacquer. Final Verdict. What to Look for in a Nail Polish. Ingredients. How We Researched & Tested. Why Trust Byrdie. Related Stories.
The brands I have the most of are from OPI,  you can't really beat them for overall quality. My other mainstream fave is Essie.  Going to indie brands I love a brand called Prism Polish,  they make some beautys, and last but not least Aengland are fabulous,  I can never resist when they bring out a new collection 😍 I usually buy indie brands.. mostly ethereal lacquer, kbshimmer, wildflower lacquer, penelope cruz, nailed it, tonic polish, potion polish, glam polish, cupcake polish, polish me silly etc 😅😍 Im a big fan of sinful colours.  I'm assuming its a local brand,but its cheap and they have a massive verity of colours I like Sally Hansen cuz its inexpensive. I also really like ILNP, and HoloTaco. My all time favorite is Mooncat, and I also have a decent amount of Cirque Colors and Cupcake Polish. They all have great formula and a variety of unique special effects polishes.
I've been wanting to compare top nail polishes on the same hand at the same time for awhile now. So we purchased the top 10 most popular nail polish brands and nail polish colors on the market. I kept the same base coat and top coat for this 7 day test to see if there would major differences between each nail polish. Let me know if you were surprised with my results. What is your favorite nail polish brand and color? . . Subscribe:. Products Used/Mentioned: . *BASE COAT: Mavala Mava-Strong Base Coat:*TOP COAT: INM Out The Door Super Fast Dry Top Coat:*Zoya Nail Lacquer (Jack):*Nails INC (Turks And Caicos Beach):*China Glaze Nail Lacquer ( Sorry I'm Latte):*Olive and June (CDJ):*Wet n Wild - Wild Shine Nail Color (Casting Call):*Orly Breathable Treatment + Color (Down to Earth):*Sally Hansen Color Therapy Nail Polish (Re-Nude):*OPI Nail Lacquer (Pale To The Chief):*Essie Neutrals Nail Polish (Topless & Barefoot):*Revlon Nail Polish (Romantique):. *THE BEST Cuticle Oil:*THE BEST Nail Brushes:. *Affiliate link from RewardStyle and Amazon. . . FTC: not a sponsored video. . ▷Follow Me Here:. I N S T A G R A M @Milabu.coT W I T T E R @Milabu9F A C E B O O K @Milabu. Thank you so much for spending time with me and watching this video! . XO, . Milabu. . Hi, and welcome to my channel!I am a Beauty Addict and love to create how-to beauty tutorials for short hair and hairstyles, Fashion, and some dry humor parodies. I try to make my videos informative, creative and most importantly entertaining. . I love interacting with my viewers. Let's get to know each other.. Love, Milabu
Our top picks:. Remington Pro Hair Dryer with Thermaluxe Advanced Thermal Technology. Remington Pro Hair Dryer with Thermaluxe Advanced Thermal Technology. HOT TOOLS Professional Turbo Ionic Dryer. HOT TOOLS Professional Turbo Ionic Dryer. Bio Ionic GrapheneMX Brushless Professional Hair Dryer. Bio Ionic GrapheneMX Brushless Professional Hair Dryer. Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer. Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer. Paul Mitchell Neuro Light Tourmaline Hair Dryer. Paul Mitchell Neuro Light Tourmaline Hair Dryer. Cricket Ultra Smooth Professional Hair Dryer. Cricket Ultra Smooth Professional Hair Dryer. Drybar Baby Buttercup Blow Dryer. Drybar Baby Buttercup Blow Dryer. InStyler Turbo Max Ionic Hair Dryer. InStyler Turbo Max Ionic Hair Dryer. Olivia Garden Ceramic + Ion Professional Hair Dryer. Olivia Garden Ceramic + Ion Professional Hair Dryer. How we test hair dryers. Hair Dryers.
I have been a fan of CONAIR for many years and have faithfully used their products. I used to own one of Professional Ionic Salon Hair Dryer 1875w . It dries my hair really fast. But then it got burned out. Then I switch to regular target cheap hair dryer which is so loud and takes twice as long to dry my hair. CONFU is a great dryer, gets the job done. There are times that the air that first comes out is cold. I had an old ConAir hairdryer for almost a decade and was crushed when it finally stopped working. then i jump in to JINRI Overall this is a very nice professional quality hair dryer that works quickly A week ago I would have said I loved INFINITI PRO BY CONAIR dryer. However it just stopped working with a poof of smoke and burning smell
THE BEST BLOW DRYERS OF 2022! // Hey guys! In This video I share with you my favorite blow dryers of 2022! Please subscribe to my YouTube channel for more videos like this!. . ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. . Products Mentioned -. . Dyson SuperSonic.. One-Step Volumizer PLUS 2.0 Hair Dryer and Hot Air Brush.. Revlon One Step Plus.. Drybar Half Shot.. T3 Micro Airebrush Duo.. Shark FlexStyle.. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. . NEW VLOGMAS 2022 SCHEDULE - MONDAY, WEDNESDAY & FRIDAYS 1PM EST. ❤️. . ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. . More Videos Like This One! 👇🏼💕. . DRUGSTORE HOT ROLLER ROUTINE UNDER $40 😱.. DYSON SUPERSONIC VS AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - WHICH ONE IS BETTER FOR BLOWOUTS?.. BEST Sephora Spring Savings Event Hair Products & Tools for Curly Hair.. NEW VS ORIGINAL DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST OPINION.. NEW DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. TESTING THE DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. REVLON ONE STEP DRYER AND VOLUMIZER VS DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. FAKE VS REAL REVLON ONE STEP HAIR DRYER AND VOLUMIZER ON CURLY HAIR.. TESTING REVLON ONE STEP HAIR DRYER AND STYLER ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. DYING MY HAIR WITH NEW IGK HAIR COLOR KIT!😱.. DYSON AIRWRAP CURLS WITH DYSON SUPERSONIC ATTACHMENT?! 😱.. BEST Sephora Spring Savings Event Hair Products & Tools for Curly Hair.. REVLON ONE STEP DRYER AND VOLUMIZER VS DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. TESTING THE DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. TRYING THE GHD MAX STYLER 2" WIDE PLATE FLAT IRON ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST OPINION.. TESTING THE TYMO STRAIGHTENING BRUSH ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST OPINION.. TYMO VS RIFNY STRAIGHTENING COMB ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST OPINION.. TRYING THE SHARK HYPERAIR ROUND BRUSH ATTACHMENT ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. SHARK HYPERAIR AIRWAVE ATTACHMENT FOR BEACH WAVES - HONEST REVIEW.. NEW GHD CURL 0.5" THIN WAND - HONEST REVIEW.. DYSON CORRALE VS GHD PLATINUM PLUS ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST OPINION.. GHD GLIDE VS GHD PLATINUM PLUS ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. TESTING THE NEW DYSON CORRALE CORDLESS STRAIGHTENER ON CURLY HAIR - NOT SPONSORED.. REVLON ONE STEP DRYER AND VOLUMIZER VS DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. TESTING THE NEW GHD HELIOS PROFESSIONAL HAIR DRYER ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST OPINION.. TESTING THE DYSON AIRWRAP ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. GHD GLIDE VS GHD PLATINUM PLUS ON CURLY HAIR - HONEST REVIEW.. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. . Business inquiries:. info@julissag.com. . ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. . Follow me on social media:. . Instagram: julissa_guillen.. TikTok - @Julissa_Guillen.. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. . *Some links ( howl & magiclinks ) above are affiliate links that help me earn a small commission from your purchase. Each purchase supports me to keep working as hard as I can to make videos for you guys! Thank you for supporting what I do on this channel! :)*
Braun Series 7 7071cc. Braun Series 9 9370cc. Superior performance for heavy growth. Remington F5-5800. Adequate performance, affordable price. Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. Everything we recommend. Braun Series 7 7071cc. Braun Series 9 9370cc. Superior performance for heavy growth. Remington F5-5800. Adequate performance, affordable price. Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. Electric shavers vs. manual razors. How we picked and tested. Our pick: Braun Series 7. Braun Series 7 7071cc. Long term test notes. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Upgrade pick: Braun Series 9. Braun Series 9 9370cc. Superior performance for heavy growth. Budget pick: Remington F5-5800. Remington F5-5800. Adequate performance, affordable price. Also great: Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. Use, care, and maintenance. Other good electric razors. What to look forward to. The competition. Meet your guides. Further reading. How to Clean Electric Razors, Trimmers, and Clippers. We Tried the Gillette Heated Razor. It’s Not So Hot.
I’ve been shaving Norelco shavers for over 20 years, this model is clearly the Best Shaver Yet! Wahl razor gives me an excellent close shave and is easy to use. This is the second one I have purchased for after many years. once I used Panasonic Arc4 Electric Razo and it is waste of money. I am so sick of spending money on things only to be disappointed. It's so frustrating to feel all this hair after passing this shaver over the same spot 5 or 6 even 7 times. I have used Philips Norelco for about a month and a half and it has been working very well. I get about a month on one battery charge. The shave is nice and close but it took about a week for my face to get used to this shaver . Philips Norelco One Blade Hybrid Electric Trimmer and Shaver  is my best one. I was in a trouble. Because,  My wifey blamed me everyday. because, she not like my beard. after shave, there were extra hairs. So, I wanted to buy a best shaver. My friend told me to buy this phillips one. Now, I can take a clean shave for my face because of this shaver. My wife is also happy. Which one would you recommend to get a super super close shave that pretty much make the hair non visible
Electric Shaver For Men: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Electric Shaver For Men for sale right now.. ► Affiliate links to the Electric Shaver For Men listed in the video ✅. 5️⃣ SweetLF SWS7105: (Amazon)4️⃣ Philips Norelco 3500: (Amazon)3️⃣ Braun Series 7: (Amazon)2️⃣ Panasonic LV67: (Amazon)1️⃣ Braun Series 9: (Amazon). 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Electric Shavers for men are designed to be more robust for thicker hair and can contour to the face much better than standard razors. They are an effective way to supplement your morning health routine or just keep yourself looking neat and tidy for work and recreation. So keep watching to find out which one is suited to your needs.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Electric Shaver For Men available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . 00:00 Intro: Electric Shaver For Men. 00:31 5️⃣ SweetLF SWS7105. 03:07 4️⃣ Philips Norelco 3500. 06:05 3️⃣ Braun Series 7. 08:39 2️⃣ Panasonic LV67. 11:21 1️⃣ Braun Series 9. . .. ►
Kate Somerville ExfoliKate Intensive Exfoliating Treatment. Drunk Elephant T.L.C. Sukari Babyfacial AHA + BHA Mask. Golde Papaya Bright Face Mask. Tata Harper Regenerating Cleanser. Neutrogena Hydro Boost Exfoliating Cleanser. SkinCeuticals Micro-Exfoliating Scrub. TULA Skincare So Polished Exfoliating Sugar Scrub. Paula's Choice Skin Perfecting 2% BHA Liquid Exfoliant. Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta Universal Daily Peel. Sunday Riley Good Genes All-in-One Lactic Acid Treatment. Reflekt Skincare Daily Exfoliating Face Wash. Dermaflash Luxe Anti-Aging Dermaplaning Exfoliation Device. Glytone Rejuvenating Mini Peel Gel. HoliFrog Como Popp-E Renewal Scrubby Wash. Biossance Squalane + Glycolic Renewal Facial. The Inkey List PHA Gentle Exfoliating Toner. Alba Botanica Acnedote Deep Pore Wash. Elina Organics Skincare Organic Face Scrub. Beauty Strike Pineapple & Papaya Exfoliating Mask. Dermalogica Daily Microfoliant Exfoliator. Bevel Exfoliating Toner. Tatcha The Rice Polish Classic Foaming Enzyme Powder. CosRX AHA/BHA Treatment Toner. ﻿Final Verdict. What to Consider When Buying a Face Exfoliator. Ingredients. Formulation. Why Trust Byrdie. Related Stories.
#AHA Exfoliants**(glycolic acid, lactic acid, malic acid, mandelic acid - up to 15%)***I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SkincareAddiction) if you have any questions or concerns.* #BHA Exfoliants(salicylic acid - up to 5%)*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SkincareAddiction) if you have any questions or concerns.* #Scrubs*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SkincareAddiction) if you have any questions or concerns.* #Exfoliating items**(gloves, cloths, sponges, brushes, etc.)***I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/SkincareAddiction) if you have any questions or concerns.* **Quick links to the categories:*** [AHA Exfolients]( [BHA Exfolients]( [Chemical Peels \(AHAs over 15% and BHAs over 5%\)]( [Scrubs]( [Exfoliating Items (gloves, cloths, sponges, brushes, etc)](
Sharing with you the best exfoliators for face and body and how to exfoliate safely. The best drugstore exfoliators 2022.. . Hey guys and welcome back to Mad About Skin where today we are talking about the best exfoliators for face and body and how to exfoliate safely.. . In light of the recent Wayne Goss Exfoliation Hack controversy I wanted to share with you the best exfoliators which will help you to achieve glowing skin, eliminate hyperpigmentation and take breakouts. These are the best drugstore exfoliators which will allow to exfoliate safely and reach your skin goals.. . Exfoliation is a wonderful way of increasing cell turnover in the skin, removing dead skin cells and boosting radiance. A good chemical exfoliator can help to remove hyperpigmentation and even the skin tone, remove texture in the skin for a more smooth complexion and can also help to reduce breakouts.. . Whatever chemical exfoliator you choose, its really important you match your exfoliating acid to your skin type and hopefully by breaking it down in todays video that it will enable you to find your prefect pairing.. . I would love to know what your favourite exfoliating acids are so please leave me a comment below to let me know.. . If you enjoyed this video and would like to see more in this series then please give it a thumbs up and a like to let me know.. . Products Mentioned:. . Altruist Moisturising Fluid.. Mad About Skin Serum (Use Code MASFAMILY for 15% off).. Stratia Soft Touch AHA.. Geek and Gorgeous Calm Down Exfoliator.. The Ordinary Lactic Acid 10%.. Krave Beauty Kale-Lalu-yAHA Exfoliator.. Beauty Of Joseon Bubble Toner.. . The Ordinary Salicylic Acid 2% Anhydrous Solution.. Nip + Fab Salicylic Acid 2%.. Timestamps:. . 00:00 start. 02:26 urea. 04:08 the best exfoliators for sensitive skin. 06:00 the best lactic acid serums. 07:30 the best glycolic acid serums. 09:04 the best salicylic acid serums. 10:39 summary. . Videos Mentioned:. . Wayne Goss Exfoliation Hack Video.. Wherever you are in the world, I hope you are keeping safe and well and I look forward to seeing you in the next video. . xx. Rob. . Shop my skincare line:. For business enquiries please contact: madaboutskin101@gmail.com. Join Our Facebook Group:.. . . . . skincare, skin care, skincare routine, skin care routine, how to, how to exfoliate, best skincare, best skin care, exfoliation, the best exfoliators, best exfoliators, the best exfoliators for face, best exfoliators for face, how to get glowing skin, exfoliating acids, the best acid exfoliators, lactic acid, glycolic acid, salicylic acid, urea, exfoliating serums, Wayne goss, skincare favourites, skin care favourites,
Share this story. Sony WF-1000XM4. Jabra Elite 3. Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II. Beats Fit Pro. Apple AirPods Pro (second-gen). Samsung Galaxy Buds 2 Pro. Google Pixel Buds Pro. Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 3. Apple AirPods (third-gen). Sony LinkBuds. Razer Hammerhead True Wireless (2021). Nothing Ear 2. ‘Godfather of AI’ quits Google with regrets and fears about his life’s work. The Google Pixel Fold looks nearly gapless in first leaked marketing images. The entire Super Mario Bros. movie keeps getting posted to Twitter. Microsoft’s new Xbox Home UI looks way better with more room for backgrounds. Verge Deals. More from Reviews. Motorola ThinkPhone review: business class. The OnePlus Pad is an impressive tablet for its price. My week with Dyson’s absurd wearable air purifier. GM killed the Chevy Bolt — and the dream of a small, affordable EV.
A little surprised you churned through all that and never tried any variant of the Galaxy Buds. !thanks That's really nice, I'm sure you love the anc. I just dislike having to go into developer settings and change the LDAC codec to best quality everytime i connect them. Cambridge Audio Melomania Touch are my go to for when I'm traveling around London. The sound is pretty damn good for £80. 50hr of battery life with the charging case is amazing too. Should also see how the Liberty 3 Pro line up since I did have a pair but interesting list.. the finals were something I was wondering about and this just confirmed it
Whether you have a phone that doesn't have an audio jack or prefer the freedom of going wireless, finding the best in-ear wireless headphones all comes down to what matters most to you. If you're looking for earbuds to use at the office, noise isolation and battery life might be your top priorities. If you need something for the gym, you'll probably care more about fit and durability. There are specialized models to fit virtually every need, and some are even versatile enough to keep up whether you're running a marathon or sitting on the bus. With so many different models to choose from, where do you start?. . Apple AirPods Pro.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Bose QuietComfort Earbuds.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Anker SoundCore Life P3.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Anker SoundCore Life Dot 2.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. JLab Audio GO Air POP.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Jaybird Vista 2.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Shokz OpenRun Bone Conduction.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Jabra Elite 7 Pro.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Sony WF-1000XM4.Affiliate Links, Price Tracking, and Deals:.. Support Us:Careers:. Follow Us: .. ---. 00:00 Intro. 00:34 Best Overall. 01:42 Best Overall (Alternative). 02:40 Best Under 100$. 03:18 Best Budget. 04:00 Best Budget (Alternative). 04:35 Best for Running. 05:19 Best for Running (Alternative). 05:50 Best Sound Quality. 06:17 Best Sound Quality (Alternative). 06:37 Conclusion. ---.. We make money directly from you via insider access on our website (which gives you access to extra features:and when you buy a product after clicking a link to a retailer. Learn more about how we work:.
Mous Limitless. Spigen Tough Armor. Atom Studios Split Wood Fibre. Otterbox Symmetry. Bellroy Leather Case. Tech21 Evo Check. Casetify Ultra Impact case. Mujjo leather case. Author: Henry Burrell, Phones Editor. Recent stories by Henry Burrell:.
Highest quality has to be mous, phone rebel and nomad in no particular order. I've always come back to Spigen for every device. Can't get enough of it. Love the ones with stands built in, but this last phone one, I needed to get one that allows mag charging, but it's still sleek and protective. I’ve used the Spigen Liquid Air series for my last 3 phones now. Not too bulky but adds decent protection. Looks minimalistic as well. Absolutely love my Nomad Goods case. Been using the leather case for ad long as I can remember. And it ages absolutely beautifully, as opposed to Apple’s shitty leather. Spigen.
This video helps you to find out the best phone case 2022 on the market. So Get Your best phone case from here. best phone cases 2022. 1. Moment Photo Case.. 2. Spigen Neo Hybrid.. 3. OtterBox Defender Screenless edition.. 4. OtterBox Symmetry.. 5. Clckr clear stand.. 6. Woolnut - Cognac Brown.. 7. Shieldon iPhone Case.. 8. Griffin Survivor Extreme Case.. 9. Joby StandPoint.. 10. Ted Baker anti-shock case.. 11. Spidercase Waterproof Case.. 12. Moshi Altra Wrist Strap case.. 
Lululemon The Reversible Mat 5mm. JadeYoga Harmony Mat. A natural rubber option. Gaiam Performance Dry-Grip Yoga Mat. A rubber-free mat. Yoga Accessories 1/4″ Extra Thick Deluxe Yoga Mat. A bargain mat that holds up. JadeYoga Voyager. A foldable mat for travel. Everything we recommend. Lululemon The Reversible Mat 5mm. JadeYoga Harmony Mat. A natural rubber option. Gaiam Performance Dry-Grip Yoga Mat. A rubber-free mat. Yoga Accessories 1/4″ Extra Thick Deluxe Yoga Mat. A bargain mat that holds up. JadeYoga Voyager. A foldable mat for travel. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked and tested. Our pick: Lululemon The Reversible Mat 5mm. Lululemon The Reversible Mat 5mm. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: JadeYoga Harmony Mat. JadeYoga Harmony Mat. A natural rubber option. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Gaiam Performance Dry-Grip Yoga Mat. Gaiam Performance Dry-Grip Yoga Mat. A rubber-free mat. Budget pick: YogaAccessories 1/4″ Extra Thick Deluxe Yoga Mat. Yoga Accessories 1/4″ Extra Thick Deluxe Yoga Mat. A bargain mat that holds up. Also great: JadeYoga Voyager. JadeYoga Voyager. A foldable mat for travel. Care and maintenance. Environmental and end-of-life issues. Other good yoga mats. The competition. Travel mats. Meet your guides. Further reading. Wirecutter’s 100 Most Popular Picks of 2021. How to Breathe New Life Into Your Old Yoga Mat. How to Clean a Yoga Mat.
Criteria for a Good Yoga Mat. The Reddit Community’s Top Picks for Yoga Mats. Additional Yoga Mat Recommendations for Specific Needs. Travel-friendly mats. Extra-large mats. Budget-friendly mats. Mats for hot yoga. Eco-friendly and sustainable mats. Caring for Your Yoga Mat: Tips from Reddit Users. The Impact of Yoga Mat Materials on the Environment. Yoga Mat Alternatives: Thinking Outside the Mat. Sign Up for Our Newsletters. Top 5 Safest Yoga Mats: A Comprehensive Guide to Choosing the Perfect Mat for Your Practice. How to Clean Jade Yoga Mat: Tips and Tricks for Maintaining Your Practice Essential. Subscribe to Our Newsletter.
So you're looking for the best yoga mat for your practice? . . There are so many yoga mat brands on the market. With all that variety, it can be overwhelming to research which yoga mat is best for you. As a yogi, you’ve got specific needs and wants in a yoga mat. . . We’re obsessed with all things yoga, so we’re constantly looking for the best yoga products out there. After research and testing, we’ve selected our top 10 favorite yoga mats on the market. . . This review looks at each yoga mat’s specific features, and also provides general guidance of what you should look for when you’re ready for a new yoga mat. . . In this review we highlight the following yoga mats:. . Manduka Black Mat Pro. Yoloha Native Cork Yoga Mat. Liforme Yoga Mat. Affirmat Rise and Shine On XL Yoga Mat. Gurugrid Gu-Rubber Eco Friendly Premium Yoga Mat. BYoga B Mat Strong. Hugger Mugger Eco Para Rubber Mat. Wai Lana Yoga & Pilates Mat. Pogamat XL Yoga Mat. Jade Harmony Mat in Slate Blue. . For links to the mats and more information head over to our site:.. . 💖💖 If you enjoyed this video please be sure to give it a thumbs up and don't forget to hit that SUBSCRIBE button so you never miss a video.

What do you regard as “decently priced”? The suggestions so far are good for what might be regarded as Budget spinners. Few places with premium spinners actually keep stock on hand anymore. You’re more likely to see PreOrders and Drops which are ‘first come, first served’.When you’re ready to explore premium pieces I’d suggest starting with KAPEDC (Kinetics Asia Pacific). They always have great pieces and they frequently restock the most popular designs.  Spinetic spinners is a great budget option So I am newer to this and I can tell you that for the price, the best ones I have found are various metal spinners at  are my favorite: Most of us in this sub-reddit prefer metal spinners, and they generally cost more than the three-arm plastic ones that used to be everywhere when the spinner fad was big.  You buy metal spinners one at a time -- they don't come in a pack with more than one.I agree with the suggestions that others have made, both spinetic spinners and addictivefidgettoys are good sites for inexpensive metal spinners.  If you buy spinners based on any of these suggestions, please feel free to post about what you think on this sub! Lol wut
Fidget Spinner: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Fidget Spinner for sale right now.. ► Affiliate links to the Fidget Spinner listed in the video ✅. 5⃣ SCIONE Tri-Spinner: (Amazon)4⃣ MAGTIMES Rainbow: (Amazon)3⃣ D-FantiX Cube: (Amazon)2⃣ INNÔPLUS Luminous: (Amazon)1⃣ Duomishu Double Pendulum: (Amazon). ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Are you having trouble focusing during a task, or do you frequently feel anxious or feel stressed? A fidget spinner will help you relieve nervousness and calm you down if you have anxiety or any neurological disorder like ADHD. There are several brands with different materials and designs. Watch this video to find out which one is best for you.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Fidget Spinner available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . 00:00 Intro: Fidget Spinner. 00:36 5⃣ SCIONE Tri-Spinner. 02:28 4⃣ MAGTIMES Rainbow. 04:22 3⃣ D-FantiX Cube. 06:00 2⃣ INNÔPLUS Luminous. 07:52 1⃣ Duomishu Double Pendulum. .. ►
Straight to the Point. Editor's Note. The Winners, at a Glance. Instant Pot Pro 8-Quart 10-in-1 Pressure Cooker. Instant Pot Duo Plus 6-Quart 9-in-1 Pressure Cooker. The Easiest-to-Use Instant Pot. Instant Pot Duo Plus 8-Quart Multi-Use Pressure Cooker V4. The Techiest Instant Pot. Instant Pot Pro Plus Wi-Fi Smart 10-in-1 6-Quart Pressure Cooker. The Critiera: What We Look for in an Instant Pot. Why You Should Trust Us. The Testing. Test 1: Cake. Test 2: Sous Vide. Test 3: Searing and Pressure Cooking. Test 4: User Experience. Instant Pot Pro 8-Quart 10-in-1 Pressure Cooker. Instant Pot Duo Plus 6-Quart 9-in-1 Pressure Cooker. The Easiest-to-Use Instant Pot. Instant Pot Duo Plus 8-Quart Multi-Use Pressure Cooker V4. The Techiest Instant Pot. Instant Pot Pro Plus Wi-Fi Smart 10-in-1 6-Quart Pressure Cooker. The Competition.
Honestly, in my experience (and it seems to be a common theme) is that most of us rarely use any of the fancy features, so the more basic model is more than enough. I have two Duos, 6qt basic duo and the 10qt Duo Nova (which they don't seem to have anymore, looks like the duo plus) and they are both awesome. I think the bigger decision is the size to get. A 6qt is great for most things, but I LOVE my 10qt for batch cooking. It's giant though, I'm glad I have the 6qt for day to day stuff. So if you're batch cooking, you might want to look at the 8qt (I wish I had gotten the 8 to begin with, but it's nice having two so it all worked out.) My sister has the 3qt and it's adorable! So it depends on your storage space, if you're batch cooking, and how many people you're cooking for. Instant Pot got bought out and expanded the brand to the point of confusion. Keep it simple. Buy 3 separate things: air fryer, pressure cooker & rice cooker.The sub $100 instant pot duo 6 quart model is the standard you want. Use the money saved to buy a “ceramic coated” nonstick aluminum pot insert & glass lid if you want to slow cook.The dedicated food buttons are easily replicated with manual pressure & time. The yogurt function is the only button that operates in the bacteria growth temp range that is useful for rising yeast based bread dough and making yogurt w/lactobacillus bacteria that you can’t manually set (ie buy a model with that function). I have an older Duo as well. And it’s great, I really only use sauté and manual pressure cook. I have a large air fryer so I didn’t need the air fry portion. I am looking to upgrade to the Pro in the future. I will say the 3qt is tiny. It’s great for sides like rice or potatoes or doing hard boiled eggs. But I use my 6qt for everything else. I recommend getting an Instant Pot instead. I got the Yedi brand, comes with lots of accessories, made in same factory and cheaper. Had it 3 years now, not a single issue.
Instant pot: Top Youtube Channels. Eating Instantly. Pressure Cooking Today | Instant Pot Recipes. LemonadeMom. Cooking with Thas. Six Sisters' Stuff. Ministry Of Curry. Tried Tested and True. Pressure Luck Cooking. Rainbow Plant Life. Amy & Jacky. Cooking and Calm. A Mind Full Mom. Nutmeg Notebook. Living Richly on a Budget. Full of Beans. Paint the Kitchen Red. Chase Laughter. The Safety Features of the Instant Pot. The Different Models of Instant Pot Available. How to Choose the Right Instant Pot for Your Needs. Leave a Reply Cancel reply.
Notable Mentions. Recent Updates. All Reviews.
The Verdict. The Advantages of Noise Cancelling Headphones. Hearing Protection. Over-ear advantages:. Over-ear disadvantages:. In-ear advantages:. In-ear disadvantages:. Related Articles. Don't Miss Anything - Follow me on Instagram.
Check Out The Best Noise Cancelling Headphones Here!. ► SENNHEISERPXC 550-II :. ► Best Design: Bose 700:. ► Best ANC: AirPods Max:. ► Best Overall: Sony WH-1000XM4:. ► Best Value: Monoprice BT-600ANC:. . VIDEO GUIDE. 00:00 Best Noise Cancelling Headphones. 00:14 SENNHEISERPXC 550-II. 01:19 Best Design: Bose 700:. 02:34 Best ANC: AirPods Max. 03:26 Best Overall: Sony WH-1000XM4. 04:33 Best Value: Monoprice BT-600ANC. . Created for the frequent, decerning business traveler, the PXC 550-II Wireless upgrades every journey with exceptional comfort, unrivaled sound quality, and wireless freedom. Superior wireless audio is assured by support for high-quality AAC, aptX, aptX LL codecs, and Bluetooth 5.0, with adaptive noise cancellation ensuring an outstanding listening experience even in busy environments. The triple microphone array also delivers unrivaled speech clarity when making calls on the move or interacting with virtual assistants such as Siri, Google, and Alexa via the Voice Assistant Button. Whatever your destination, the extraordinary 30-hour battery life of the second generation PXC 550–II Wireless is powerful enough to last your entire journey without the need to recharge. With the advanced ergonomic design and rotating earcups, the PXC 550-II Wireless is effortlessly portable with a perfect fit for your ear. The Smart Pause feature reacts to your movement with a seamless and practical automatic switch-off. The headset automatically turns on and connects via Bluetooth as it’s unfolded, so you can listen precisely where you left off.. . Best Design: Bose 700. . Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700 have redefined what wireless headphones can do. Keep your head up to the world with easy access to voice assistants — perfect for music, navigation, weather, and more. Confidently take calls or speak to Alexa anywhere. An unrivaled four-microphone system picks up and isolates your voice while canceling the noise around you. Bose has even improved on what it’s most known for with these Bluetooth headphones. 11 levels of noise cancellation let you genuinely personalize your environment. Set it low to let more of the world In, somewhere in the middle, or turn it up to block out the noisy world around you. Signature active EQ promises an immersive listening experience at any volume. Whether you’re relaxing with quiet music or cranking it, your music sounds like it should. Touch-sensitive wireless headphones are also designed with a streamlined stainless steel headband and a lightweight, comfortable fit. The intuitive controls keep everything simple — manage volume, calls, and music just by touching the earcup. One-touch is all you need to reach Spotify — instantly open your last session by tapping and holding the right earcup. You can repeat this step to discover brand-new content. The Bose Music app gives you even more control. The Bluetooth headphones feature up to 20 hours of wireless battery life. Includes Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700, USB charging cable, audio cable, and carrying case. Available in Black or Silver.. . Best ANC: AirPods Max. . Unsurprisingly, you need an iPhone or iPad to get the most out of the AirPods Max. They will work with non-Apple products using standard Bluetooth 5.0, but you’ll miss out on many of their unique features. Ultimately, we can’t imagine anyone not already relatively well ensconced in the Apple ecosystem would consider buying a pair. Frankly, we’d be surprised if such a person has made it this far into this review.. Assuming you are a keen Apple user, the AirPods Max are the best wireless headphones you can buy – and not by a small margin. Their authenticity, detail, crispness, and spaciousness elevate them so far above the previous best in the wireless noise-canceling class that the comparison starts to become a little redundant,. . ===============================. . Hi there! Welcome to TheTechMag.. We are your buddy next door, specialized in tech and gadget reviews. Our channel is a novel step towards bringing the top and best products that you encounter in your daily life, and our goal is to save your time. We cover a wide range of tech products, from electronics to wearable devices. @thetechmag#. . Join us so that you don't miss any of our videos.===============================. . 
1. WD My Book (WDBBGB, USB 3.0, 4TB). 2. G-Technology ArmorATD (0G10435, USB 3.1, 2TB and 4TB). 3. SanDisk Extreme Pro Portable SSD (SDSSDE80, USB 3.1, 1TB). 4. Adata SE800 External SSD Ultra Fast (USB 3.2, 1TB). 5. WD My Passport SSD (WDBAGF, USB 3.2, 1TB). 6. Samsung Portable SSD T7 (MU-PC, USB 3.2, 1TB). 7. Seagate Backup Plus Ultra Touch (STHH, USB 3.0, 2TB). 8. Seagate Backup Plus Portable (STHP, USB 3.0, 4TB). How we test external hard drives. Be In the Know.
All my externals are WD.  I've used Seagate in the past and honestly they have been hit and miss with longevity.  Go with a Green series as externals tend to be leveraged for archival purposes.  So far I've had them for 6 years.  Note in the end HDDs do fail as they are mechanical. Western digital is very reliable. I recommend this one -> TOSHIBA Canvio Basics 1TB
Additional menu. 1. Storage Capacity. 2. Performance. 3. Connectivity. 4. Durability and Portability. Honorable Mention: LaCie Portable Hard Drive. 2. SAMSUNG X5 Portable – Fastest and Most Portable External SSD for Video. Reader Interactions. Leave a Reply Cancel reply. Primary Sidebar.
1. Apple Watch Series 8. 2. Samsung Galaxy Watch 5. 3. Google Pixel Watch. 4. Apple Watch SE (2022). 5. Fitbit Sense 2. 6. Garmin Venu 2 Plus. 7. Apple Watch Ultra. 8. Fitbit Versa 4. 9. Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic. 10. TicWatch Pro 3 Ultra GPS. 11. Fitbit Versa 3. Be In the Know.
If you're looking for a WearOS watch, Samsung is definitely the way to go. Easily the best WearOS smartwatch you can get.BTW, here's the [Amazon Link of Smartwatches Suggested by other Reddit Users]( here. Galaxy Watch 4, it's not even a competition. From your list, Galaxy Watch 4 is the best. Never tried anything but the Galaxy Watch 4, but I'm very happy with it. I'm not switching to anything else. It's overall badass.
PRODUCT LINKS & SALES ⬇️. Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 Pro 👉Samsung Galaxy Watch 4 Classic👉 Garmin Venu 2 Plus 👉Garmin Lily👉Google Pixel Watch 👉Apple Watch 8 👉Apple Watch SE 👉Mi Band 7 👉Withings Sanwatch Horizon 👉. There are a lot of great smartwatches on the market, but these are the best of the best.. . SMARTWATCH PLAYLIST:. REVIEWS: . Pixel WatchGalaxy Watch 5 ProGalaxy Watch 4 ClassicMi Band 7Garmin Venu 2 PlusGarmin Lily. . These are the best smartwatches of 2022. . Follow me on social media! (it's always just @mikeobrienn). Instagram:Twitter:TikTok:About me:. CATEGORIES. Best hybrid . Best smartwatch for working out . Best looking smartwatch. Best for small wrists . Best new player. Best value. Best fitness band. Best overall for Apple. Best overall for Android. . 00:00 - Intro. 00:29 - Categories. 00:58 - Best Hybrid. 01:55 - Best For Working Out. 03:05 - Alternative Working Out Pick. 03:47 - Best New Player . 04:54 - Best Looking. 05:57 - Best For Small Wrists . 06:37 - Best Value. 07:47 - Best Fitness Band. 08:27 - Best Overall (Apple). 09:07 - Best Overall (Android). 09:55 - Outro. . . . Please comment below with any questions you might have.Thank you all for watching! I appreciate you!. . . 
Water resistance and lengthy battery life are now standard. Share this story. Bose SoundLink Flex. Ultimate Ears Boom 3. JBL Charge 5. ‘Godfather of AI’ quits Google with regrets and fears about his life’s work. The Google Pixel Fold looks nearly gapless in first leaked marketing images. The entire Super Mario Bros. movie keeps getting posted to Twitter. Microsoft’s new Xbox Home UI looks way better with more room for backgrounds. Verge Deals. More from Reviews. Motorola ThinkPhone review: business class. The OnePlus Pad is an impressive tablet for its price. My week with Dyson’s absurd wearable air purifier. GM killed the Chevy Bolt — and the dream of a small, affordable EV.
I opt for Bose SoundLink Flex. I've heard only good things about the new released Raymate, some said it's the best bluetooth speaker they have purchased. Gonna give it a shot. You didnt even include marshall emberton 2? Is emberton overpriced?
Share this story. iRobot Roomba j7. iRobot Roomba i3 Evo. Roborock S7. Roborock S7 MaxV Ultra. Shark AI Ultra XL. What to look for in a robot vacuum cleaner. ‘Godfather of AI’ quits Google with regrets and fears about his life’s work. The Google Pixel Fold looks nearly gapless in first leaked marketing images. The entire Super Mario Bros. movie keeps getting posted to Twitter. Microsoft’s new Xbox Home UI looks way better with more room for backgrounds. Verge Deals. More from Reviews. Motorola ThinkPhone review: business class. The OnePlus Pad is an impressive tablet for its price. My week with Dyson’s absurd wearable air purifier. GM killed the Chevy Bolt — and the dream of a small, affordable EV.
Locking this thread because a bot keeps posting the same affiliate site. Feel free to post again. I’m just trying to stop the spam. We have Maine Coon so the amount of cat hair was getting unbearable. Tried some lower Roomba few years ago, but it was not enough. Now we have [this one]( and are very happy with it. It has mapping, its not loud and works very well with even big amounts of hair etc.. Sharks tend to not have the same longevity as other bots from what I have seen but I have not owned one myself. A Roborock s5 max would probably be a great choice if you don't want a bigger investment.Roombas are about as lond as they were since the 600 series. I have had a 770,860,980, and now have a j7+ and a Narwal T10.
 Best Overall Pick at Amazon:Best Overall Pick at Amazon:Best Overall Pick at Amazon:or Walmart:Mid-Level Pick at Amazon:or Walmart:Budget Pick at Amazon:or Walmart:. Our Favorite Robot Vacuums. -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. . Our Favorite Cordless Vacuums. -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. Our Favorite Upright Vacuums (Corded). -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. Our Favorite Carpet Cleaners. -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. Web:. Facebook:. Twitter:. Instagram:. Pinterest:. TikTok:.. . Music: Autumn Waves by Rex Banner. . 00:00 Best Robot Vacuums 2022. 00:19 Not Sponsored. 00:29 Our Robot Vacuum Data. 00:55 Performance Tests. 04:07 Specs. 05:08 Budget Top Pick. 05:34 Mid-Level Top Pick. 05:51 Overall Top Three Picks. . On the rare occasion that Vacuum Wars does a sponsored video or receives a product from a manufacturer to review, we will be clear about that in the video. Otherwise, if nothing was mentioned, then this was an unsponsored review. . . We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program as well as the Walmart affiliate program and others. These are affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com, Walmart.com, and affiliated sites. The links are "Genius Links." They give you the opportunity to choose which affiliated retailer you would like to go to when multiple affiliated options are available. In the case of Amazon, Genius links direct you to the Amazon store for your country. For example, if you are from Canada the Genius links will direct you to the Amazon.ca listing instead of the Amazon.com listing.. . In using Genius Links, Vacuum Wars occasionally offers "Choice" pages as a service to our viewers so that they can more easily compare prices, shipping options, and other preferences.As you make your selections, be sure to read the product descriptions carefully.Different retailers may offer models with slightly different specifications or attachments.
OXO Brew 9-Cup Coffee Maker. Find the right coffee maker for your needs. OXO Brew 9-Cup Coffee Maker. Kalita Wave 185 Dripper. Ninja 12-Cup Programmable Coffee Maker CE251. Our cheap coffee maker pick. Espro P3 French Press. OXO Good Grips Cold Brew Coffee Maker. Breville Bambino Plus. Baratza Sette 30 Conical Burr Grinder. Nespresso Essenza Mini. The Nespresso machine we recommend. Why we don’t recommend Keurig machines. Baratza Encore Coffee Grinder. Cuisinart CPK-17 PerfecTemp Cordless Electric Kettle. OXO Brew Adjustable Temperature Pour-Over Kettle. More for coffee and tea drinkers. Gear for Car Camping. Frequently asked questions. Meet your guide. Further reading. 50 of Wirecutter’s Most Popular Picks for Coffee and Tea Lovers. How to Clean Your Coffee Maker.
Best coffee I've ever had came from a $40 Aeropress. Simple, efficient, and has replaceable parts. Technivorm moccamaster will be the common answer here. I keep saying I’ll buy one after my OXO Barista Brain 9-cup dies, but it’s been going strong for 6 + years, so that one isn’t a bad option either. If you are spending that much on a drip machine, you’ll also want a grinder — baratza encore will be fine if you aren’t interested in espresso, and they sell parts online for easy replacements/repairs. Will also second the suggestion for an aeropress if you find that you mostly only make coffee for yourself. I’ve lost track of how long I’ve had mine. Do you want drip, espresso, pour over? Lots of different options here Chemex has no moving parts and makes amazing coffee. If you don't break it, it will truly last forever. Moccamaster hands down if you want a drip brewer. Not much else comes close to this brewer in terms of BIFL. Aero press or chemex if you’re more “hands on”
Links to the Best Coffee Makers 2023 are listed below. At Valid Consumer, we've researched the Best Coffee Makers 2023 on Amazon saving you time and money.. . ► 5. Ninja Hot and Cold Brewed System -► 4. Cuisinart DGB-2 Coffeemaker -► 3. Technivorm Moccamaster KBGV Select -► 2. Philips 3200 Espresso Machine -► 1. Breville Grind Control Coffee Maker -. 🎁 With Amazon Prime, shipping is FREE! Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL by signing up here 👉. -------------------------------------. . If you found this video useful, please like it 👍.. Share it with someone who needs to see it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE: . -------------------------------------. . - ABOUT THIS VIDEO -. If you can't start your day without a cup of coffee, you'll need the best coffee maker. If you're serving a large group, these machines are an excellent choice. One coffee maker can prepare up to 18 cups of coffee at a time with the classic glass pitcher, so you can use it again and again without running out. A excellent coffee maker will not only produce a quality flavour, but it will also be easy to use, ideally with a single button. You also want one that is easy to clean up after to save frustration when scrubbing at the sink.. . All of these characteristics can be difficult to obtain on a single computer, especially if you're on a tight budget. The good news is that you don't have to spend a fortune to find a winner. We examined a variety of coffee makers to determine those that provide the highest overall performance. Whether you're looking for a low-cost coffee maker or one that takes up little counter space, we've got you covered. These are the best coffee makers on the market.. ... -------------------------------------. . - DISCLOSURE -. I am affiliated, but not sponsored by, any of the products mentioned in this video. The links in the description are affiliate links, which means that if you click on one of them and purchase the product, I'll get a little compensation. Because I am not sponsored, I am free to express my own thoughts and provide unbiased product reviews. From among the millions of products available, I select those that I have personally examined and found to be highly satisfactory, and which I will immediately recommend. This is how I feed my family: by making honest and helpful reviews that allow you to make informed purchasing decisions. I appreciate your help.. . Hope you enjoyed my Best Coffee Makers 2023 video.. . Video Link: 
Fitbit Charge 5. Fitbit Inspire 2. Streamlined but still feature-rich. Garmin Vívoactive 4S. For the fitness enthusiast. Apple Watch SE. A smartwatch with fitness cred. Everything we recommend. Fitbit Charge 5. Fitbit Inspire 2. Streamlined but still feature-rich. Garmin Vívoactive 4S. For the fitness enthusiast. Apple Watch SE. A smartwatch with fitness cred. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked and tested. How much trackers overestimated or underestimated step counts and distance. Our pick: Fitbit Charge 5. Fitbit Charge 5. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Budget pick: Fitbit Inspire 2. Fitbit Inspire 2. Streamlined but still feature-rich. Upgrade pick: Garmin Vívoactive 4S. Garmin Vívoactive 4S. For the fitness enthusiast. Also great: Apple Watch SE. Apple Watch SE. A smartwatch with fitness cred. How our picks compare. Ozo Fitness SC 3D Digital Pedometer. A dependable pedometer. Other good fitness trackers. What to look forward to. The competition. Meet your guides. Further reading.
My garmin forerunner 35 only just broke, and I bought it in 2017. They sent me a new one for a £50 charge. It only broke that was because I got the strap caught in the car door and I snapped the connectors. The actual computer bit was still going strong. Did everything I needed from it, GPS for runs/cycles/swims and generic activity. The only thing I missed when I switched from fitbit was the automatic activity tracking, but actually I don't feel the need for it anymore. Garmin Forerunner! i have a fitbit versa 2 and i really like it! i bought an apple watch at one point but it really bothered me that it was more of a smart watch than a fitness tracker. (i also felt like the smart watch features werent that great—sure you can answer a message on your apple watch, but it was so inconvenient to do so). i also found myself missing the fitbit app when i had the apple watch, the fitbit app is just really user friendly and i had been so used to it at that point that i returned the apple watch and got my now versa 2!i have had other fitbits in the past, i have tried the charge line i think its called? and those have all been great as well, i just prefer the look of the versa2 and all the extra features it comes with at this point. theres also i believe the sense line now and the versa 3 (and maybe 4?) my sister has one of those and i like having the actual button on the side that the versa 2 has, which is why i keep sticking with it! I used an apple watch back in 2019 and then switched to a WHOOP, and now I am back to an apple watch. Didn't love the WHOOP for a few reasons- mostly being it didn't track splits for runs (i have no idea how this even is in production without mile times...) and did not track steps. It does have great components such as HRV and sleep/recovery data but personally for me it was too much having an electronic tell me how I should feel waking up every morning based on my recovery. The apple watch is great for running and I find it to be very accurate. Also very comfortable. Apple Watch. Fitbit is garbage. They manufacture a product designed to fail so that their customers will buy replacements. They also tie their warranty to the original device and it doesn't re-set when you get your replacement. So when the replacement fails, you're no longer within the warranty period and have to buy a new device. But, they'll give you a coupon to buy a new one - even though the one you just had and its replacement both broke. 🙄 I called Fitbit out on it and they blocked me on Facebook so take that as you will. I'll happily pay $300-$400 for an Apple Watch over a $100-$200 Fitbit that is designed to fail. I bought my Series 5 Apple Watch for sale in 2020, and it's still going strong 3 years later. I never had a Fitbit that lasted even 2 years before needing replaced.
►Garmin Venu 2 - Best Smartwatch For Health Management. ★US Prices -★UK Prices -★CA Prices -. ►Samsung Galaxy Watch 5 - Best Overall Android Smartwatch. ★US Prices -★UK Prices -★CA Prices -. ►Google Pixel Watch. ★US Prices -★UK Prices -★CA Prices -. ►Fitbit Versa 4 - Best Smartwatch For The Money. ★US Prices -★UK Prices -★CA Prices -. ►Apple Watch Series 8 - Best Smartwatch For iOS. ★US Prices -★UK Prices -★CA Prices -. . This year has brought some exciting new updates to the wearable technology industry, making it easier than ever to track and monitor your health and fitness goals. Whether you're looking for a smartwatch that integrates seamlessly with your phone or a dedicated fitness tracker, I've got you covered.. . Starting off with the Garmin Venu 2, this device is the best smartwatch for health management. With its advanced health monitoring features like blood oxygen levels, body battery energy monitoring, and stress tracking, you'll have all the information you need to make healthier choices.. . Next up, we have the Samsung Galaxy Watch 5. This is the best overall Android smartwatch and offers a sleek and stylish design, as well as top-notch fitness tracking and health monitoring features.. . For those looking for a smartwatch with Google's signature design and AI, the Google Pixel Watch is a great option. It's packed with features like voice-activated Google Assistant, 24/7 heart rate tracking, and GPS connectivity.. . The Fitbit Versa 4 is the best smartwatch for the money. With its stylish design, comprehensive fitness tracking, and affordability, it's the perfect choice for anyone looking for a high-quality smartwatch without breaking the bank.. . Finally, the Apple Watch Series 8 is the best smartwatch for iOS users. With its powerful features, like fall detection and ECG monitoring, this smartwatch is the ultimate tool for staying healthy and connected.. . Whether you're a fitness enthusiast, a health-conscious individual, or just looking for a smartwatch to help keep track of your daily life, these top 5 fitness trackers have got you covered. Thanks for watching!. . =============================================. → 
Related To:. Our Top Air Fryer Picks. What to Consider Before You Buy an Air Fryer. How We Tested. Another Top Pick: Instant Vortex Plus 6-Quart Air Fryer. More Product Tests By Food Network Kitchen. These Containers Keep My Fruits and Veggies Fresher, Longer. We Tried Drew Barrymore's New Air Fryer and Here's What We Think. We Tried Keurig's First-Ever Smart Coffeemaker. This Multi-Use Pan Has Sold Out 10 Times — and We Totally Get It. How to Make Your TikTok Baked Feta Pasta Just Right, According to a Recipe Developer. How to Cook Rice: A Step-by-Step Guide. How to Boil Corn on the Cob. Our Newsletter. 50 Perfect Gifts for Coffee Lovers        May 1, 2023. 20 Mother's Day Gift Baskets for Food Lovers        Apr 27, 2023. 8 Brands That Will Let You Customize Your Go-To Snack        Apr 21, 2023. 16 Mackenzie Childs Gifts That Are Perfect for Mother’s Day        Apr 20, 2023. You Can Get Emma Chamberlain's Newest Coffee Product At Walmart        Apr 20, 2023. This Website Is Entirely Dedicated to Replacing Broken Dishes        Apr 20, 2023. We Tested Caraway's New Steamer Set        Apr 20, 2023. 28 Mother's Day Food Gifts All the Moms in Your Life Will Love        Apr 24, 2023. 22 Great Gifts for Serious Home Cooks        Apr 21, 2023. 21 Gifts for Mom That Show How Much You Care        Apr 21, 2023. 22 Postpartum Gifts We Love for New Moms        Apr 24, 2023. 14 Popsicle Molds That Are Perfect for Summer        Apr 17, 2023. This Drying Stand Is Just What Your Water Bottle Collection Needs        Apr 13, 2023. We Tried Caraway's Cookware Set, and It Lives Up to the Hype        Apr 14, 2023. Related Pages.
Not sure if it’s the best, but I own a Ninja and like it. Easy to clean up and operate. The Ninja! got it a while back after reading a recommendation on a similar post and it's amazing piece of tech edit: there are a few models, here is the link i bought it from [ (it's on the number 1 in this list) I have owned 3 different air fryers and I will share my thoughts on them.  I am a single dad with a 16 year old son who lives with me.  I cook at home 95% of the time, and I value ease of use and convenience for cooking during the week.  I eat a relatively clean diet with as little processed foods as possible.  My son plays sports and I workout 4 days a week.  We consume a lot of food.  Realistically, the amount of food he and I eat would support a family of 4.  I say that so you understand the strain I put on these machines.Power XL (10qt I think): This was the first air fryer I bought.  I got it at Sam's Club.  This thing got put through the ringer.  It had the functions to dehydrate and all that, but I never used it that way.  Every night it was loaded up with proteins and vegetables.  It did a great job of cooking everything from chicken wings to pork loin to salmon.  Things cooked quickly and you always ended up with a nice crust (if that is what you were aiming for).  Was excellent for cooking wings.  The limitation it had was size.  As stated above, we eat a lot of food.  These machines rely on airflow to do what they do.  When you overload them, you are sacrificing the quality of your results.  I also used it to roast vegetables in.  Worked fantastic for that as well.  My son would cook frozen french fries and stuff in it and they seemed to always come out great.  Very good for heating up food too.  Clean up was not too bad.  I would run the racks through the dishwasher.  I would cover the drip tray in aluminum foil to make clean up easier as well.  I used a damp microfiber towel to wipe down the interior.  After about 10 months, I blew the thermal overload fuse.  Honestly, I got my money's worth out of it.  It was a great machine.  Just a little small for my purposes.Emeril Lagasse Power Airfryer 360:  Bought this one at Costco after I killed the other one.  Since you already know what and how I tend to cook in an air fryer,  I will just give you my thoughts on this one.  It was bigger which seems like a plus.  It just didn't perform the same as the power xl.  I think the larger size effected the performance (I didn't really realize this until later).  Wings didn't get as crispy.  The crust on a pork chop just wasn't the same.  It had a nice user interface that was simple to use.  Clean up was about the same.  The biggest issue was that the digital screen went out after about 2 months.  I took it up to Costco and they gave me a refund for it.  They didn't have any more in stock, so I decided to do some research and go another route for a replacement.Instant Pot Omni Plus:  I ordered this one on amazon after reading a lot of reviews.  This one is actually bigger than the Emeril.  Great user interface.  Simple of setup type of cooking and timer.  Had a lot of great functions.  Was more than big enough to roast a whole chicken using the rotisserie.  Once again though, size meant sacrificing airfryer quality.  This thing is more akin to an oven than an airfryer.  It would produce better chicken wings than a full size convection oven, but not dramatically better.  The biggest issue I had was the smoke.  Wow, did this thing smoke!  No matter how well I cleaned it, it would smoke up the kitchen like mad.  I ended up using it on the back patio because of it.  Moving it in and out of the house nearly everyday became too much, and I found myself just using my convection oven instead.  So after about 6 months it ended up going bye bye.For now, I am just using the convection oven.  I might venture back into the airfryer market at some point.  We will see.  My general takeaways are that an airfryer works because you can concentrate lot of heat and airflow in a compact space.  That gives you the results you would expect from a good airfryer.  When you go up in size, you lose that effect due to the limitations of the power output the larger machines have in relation to their size.  If you are cooking a reasonable amount of food for 1 or 2 people, you can buy a 10-12 quart machine and get great results.  Honestly, I wouldn't go overboard buying one with all the bells and whistles.  That is just me though.  I am not proofing bread dough or dehydrating foods, so I don't need all of that.  If you do, you might want a machine that will do all of those things.  For my purposes, a simple to use user interface combined with a high output heating element and a good fan is all I would want.  Maybe some other people's reviews on here will help me decide if I want to buy another one or not.  Anyways, just thought I would share my thoughts and experience. There is no such thing as an air fryer that actually fries food.They are basically tiny convection ovens with extra fans.They are great for reheating things and baking breaded items but they won't work with battered things the same way an actual fryer would. The New York Times Wirecutter team just re-iterated their (correct) stance on air fryers and list their recommendations: you are paywalled out , they recommend this Cuisinart: for most uses unless you are really short on space in which case they recommend this pod shaped (lower capacity) device:
We tested the Instant Vortex Air Fryer, the Ninja Foodi DualZone Air Fryer and the Breville Smart Oven Air Fryer to help YOU pick the right one! . . Shop our TOP 3: . ➖ Best Overall:. ➖ Best Dual Basket:. ➖ Best Air Fryer Toaster Oven:. (We may make 💰 from these links!). . Welcome to Food Network, where learning to cook is as simple as clicking play! Grab your apron and get ready to get cookin' with some of the best chefs around the world. We'll give you a behind-the-scenes look at our best shows, take you inside our favorite restaurant and be your resource in the kitchen to make sure every meal is a 10/10!. . Subscribe to our channel to fill up on the latest must-eat recipes, brilliant kitchen hacks and content from your favorite Food Network shows.. ▶ WEBSITE:▶ FULL EPISODES:▶ FACEBOOK:▶ INSTAGRAM:▶ TWITTER:.. . Best Air Fryers, Tested by Food Network Kitchen | Food Network. 
Ecobee Smart Thermostat Premium. Ecobee Smart Thermostat Enhanced. A less-feature-packed sibling. Google Nest Learning Thermostat. A powerful, no-fuss model. Amazon Smart Thermostat. A basic option. Mysa Smart Thermostat. Everything we recommend. Ecobee Smart Thermostat Premium. Ecobee Smart Thermostat Enhanced. A less-feature-packed sibling. Google Nest Learning Thermostat. A powerful, no-fuss model. Amazon Smart Thermostat. A basic option. Mysa Smart Thermostat. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get a smart thermostat. How we picked and tested smart thermostats. Security, privacy, and smart thermostats. Our pick: Ecobee Smart Thermostat Premium. Ecobee Smart Thermostat Premium. Ecobee Smart Thermostat Enhanced. A less-feature-packed sibling. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner up: Google Nest Learning Thermostat. Google Nest Learning Thermostat. A powerful, no-fuss model. Budget pick: Amazon Smart Thermostat. Amazon Smart Thermostat. A basic option. Electric baseboard pick: Mysa Smart Thermostat. Mysa Smart Thermostat. What to know before you buy. Sustainability and smart thermostats. Other good smart thermostats. What to look forward to. The competition. Security and privacy: how our picks compare. Meet your guides. Further reading. Alexa Smart-Home Starter Kit. How to Reduce Your Energy Bill (in Any Season) With a Single Smart Home Device. Smart Home for Apartments and Renters.
I like the ecobee and Honeywell smart bc they are cheap and work.   Currently have an ecobee and the app is great since we don’t use a schedule The new [ecobee Premium]( is really nice. (Or any of the other models for a bit less cash.) I've had an ecobee for almost six years. You can keep it really simple or take a deep dive into a wide array of settings, control, and automation options.To your point, in my house we let the heat drop at night (blankets don't cost anything to use!) and then I have a "morning" schedule that starts the heat about half an hour before it's time for everyone to get up for school and warms up the house for that first groggy hour. Then it goes into the regular "home" or "away" schedules for the day.Technically this can be achieved with just about any smart thermostat, but I think the ecobee is the best piece of thermostat industrial design and app out there right now. (Side note: I work for a commercial thermostat manufacturer. Ours aren't as nice.) I agree with ecobee. It should be compatible with underfloor heating. You can set schedules so that it cools at night and starts warming in the morning, though you will probably have to use trial and error to figure out the ideal time for it to start heating. If you have times nobody is home, you can schedule it to heat less during those times as well. I’ve only ever used the nest thermostats. It’s always worked well for me We’ve got three ecobee lites and have had them in for a few years. No complaints.
Best Smart Thermostats 2023 [don’t buy one before watching this]. . Links to the Best Smart Thermostats 2023 are listed below. At Valid Consumer, we've researched the Best Smart Thermostats 2023 on Amazon saving you time and money.. . ► 5. Honeywell Home RTH9585WF -► 4. Emerson Sensi Touch Wi-Fi -► 3. Amazon Smart Thermostat -► 2. Ecobee Smart Thermostat Premium -► 1. Nest Learning Thermostat -. 🎁 With Amazon Prime, shipping is FREE! Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL by signing up here 👉. -------------------------------------. . If you found this video useful, please like it 👍.. Share it with someone who needs to see it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE:. -------------------------------------. . - ABOUT THIS VIDEO -. Smart home devices have grown in popularity over the years, and Matter will make them even better. There are already numerous devices available to help make your daily life more convenient. One of these options is smart thermostats, which do much more than just manage your home's heating and cooling system. They are app-enabled devices that allow you to control the temperature of your home from anywhere. Most smart thermostats also support voice control when paired with a compatible smart display or speaker that supports Alexa, Google Assistant, or Siri. And, to assist you in selecting the best model for your home and budget, we've compiled a list of the top smart thermostat options on the market right now.. . ... -------------------------------------. . - DISCLOSURE -. I am affiliated, but not sponsored by, any of the products mentioned in this video. The links in the description are affiliate links, which means that if you click on one of them and purchase the product, I'll get a little compensation. Because I am not sponsored, I am free to express my own thoughts and provide unbiased product reviews. From among the millions of products available, I select those that I have personally examined and found to be highly satisfactory, and which I will immediately recommend. This is how I feed my family: by making honest and helpful reviews that allow you to make informed purchasing decisions. I appreciate your help.. . Hope you enjoyed my Best Smart Thermostats 2023 video.. . Video Link: 
Oral-B Pro 1000. Philips Sonicare 4100. Quieter brush, more expensive refills. Everything we recommend. Oral-B Pro 1000. Philips Sonicare 4100. Quieter brush, more expensive refills. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked and tested. Our pick: Oral-B Pro 1000. Oral-B Pro 1000. How the Oral-B Pro 1000 has held up. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Philips Sonicare 4100. Philips Sonicare 4100. Quieter brush, more expensive refills. Other good rechargeable electric toothbrushes. The features you don’t need (what you get if you spend more). Care and maintenance. How to reuse old toothbrush heads. How to dispose of an electric toothbrush. The competition. Rechargeable electric toothbrushes. Smart toothbrushes. AutoBrush and other mouthguard-style toothbrushes. Meet your guide. Further reading. Wirecutter’s 100 Most Popular Picks of 2022. Wirecutter’s 100 Most Popular Picks in October 2022. Wirecutter’s Most Popular Picks for Babies and Kids in 2022.
My dentist recently suggested that I buy an electric toothbrush. I didn't   want to spend a ton of money before I knew if I'd like them so the price   on this was perfect. The Oral-B Pro1000 is user friendly and seems to   have a long lasting battery. I bought this AquaSonic to its affordable price compared to Phillips. When it works, it was great, no complaints. However, several months later the toothbrush stopped charging and the battery dies. So sad !!!!  I knew Panasonic as a surprisingly good quality brand with a lot of hidden gems like these. Does a great job with the finish cut. High quality precision cut. Durable. AquaSonic Duo Dual is excellent product, quality and design. After charging for 24 hrs - battery lasts for about 6 weeks of use. The extra brush heads and travel cases are added bonuses. I highly recommend this toothbrush set! Largely, dentists recommend Oral-B products because they perform well
Top 5 BEST Electric Toothbrushes of [2023]. . ➜ Links to the best Electric Toothbrushes 2023 we listed in this video:. . ►US Links◄. ➜ 5. Philips One By Sonicare -. ➜ 4. Colgate Hum -. ➜ 3. Oral-B iO Series 9 -. ➜ 2. Oral-B Pro 1000 -. ➜ 1. Philips Sonicare 4100 --------------------------------------. ►UK Links◄ . ➜ 5. Philips One By Sonicare -. ➜ 4. Colgate Hum -. ➜ 3. Oral-B iO Series 9 -. ➜ 2. Oral-B Pro 1000 -. ➜ 1. Philips Sonicare 4100 -. -------------------------------------. ►CA Links◄. ➜ 5. Philips One By Sonicare -. ➜ 4. Colgate Hum -. ➜ 3. Oral-B iO Series 9 -. ➜ 2. Oral-B Pro 1000 -. ➜ 1. Philips Sonicare 4100 -. . We have just laid out the top 5 best electric toothbrushes 2023. In 5th place is the Philips One By Sonicare, our pick for the best budget electric toothbrush. In 4th place is the Colgate Hum, our pick for the best value electric toothbrush. In 3rd place is the Oral-B iO Series 9, our pick for the best premium electric toothbrush. In 2nd place is the Oral-B Pro 1000, our pick for the best runner-up electric toothbrush. In 1st place is the Philips Sonicare 4100, our pick for the best overall electric toothbrush.. . . DISCLOSURE: Some of the links on this page are affiliate links, meaning, at no additional cost to you, I may earn a commission if you click through and make a purchase. Affiliate commissions help fund videos like this one.
The Quick List. Razer BlackShark V2. 2. Corsair HS55 Stereo. 3. HyperX Cloud Alpha Wireless. 4. Beyerdynamic DT 900 Pro X. 5. Audio-Technica ATH-M50x STS StreamSet. Where to buy. PC Gamer Newsletter.
Sennheiser PC37X or PC38X IMO you should avoid any "gaming" headsets, they generally aren't great compared to what you can get for a similar price when shopping for a separate headset/mic.I recently picked up a Sennheiser HD560s and paired it with a $20 inline boom mic, the quality of both are so much better than any gaming headset I've ever owned.Edit: Lots of questions asking about the mic, [here's a link]( Ditch gaming headsets, get some thr HD560S instead. And some cheap $20 mic from Amazon Honestly I hated my arctis pros. They felt cheap Beyerdynamic MMX 100, 150 and 300Senheisser PC 37x and PC 38xI haven't tried the Beyerdynamics yet, but I heard good things about them. I have tried the Senheissers though, definitely recommend.
1. Razer Man Oâ War 7.1. 2. Audio Technica ATH-ADG1 Open Air High Fidelity Headset. 3. Logitec Surround Sound Gaming Headset G430. 4. Razer Kraken 7.1 Chroma Gaming Headset. 5. HyperX Cloud II Gaming Headset. Other Popular Articles from Wondershare.
1. Roku Streaming Stick 4K. 2. Roku Express 4K Plus. 3. Chromecast with Google TV 4K. 4. Nvidia Shield TV (2019). 5. Apple TV 4K (2022). 6. Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max. 7. Chromecast with Google TV HD. 8. Roku Streaming Stick 4K Plus. 9. Roku Ultra (2020). 10. Amazon Fire TV Cube (2022). 11. Xbox Series S. 12. TiVo Stream 4K. 13. Xfinity Flex. How we test streaming devices. Be In the Know.
Apple tv fast smooth and can decode OTA well. Nvidia Shield 2019 Pro. Fastest box, easy to use, upconverts HD to UHD (4K) and can run Emby server. Apple TV.  It works great for me.  Lots of apps, on the day that service comes out.Great quality.  It has the Infuse app!It was such a great experience in HD, when I went to 4k, there really wasn't any question as to which box I was getting.If I watch on my iPhone, iPad, or Mac (which I rarely do) it'll sync where I left off in the video and keep my Up Next list current between AppleTVs. My micro PC. Chromecast with Google TV.  It's difficult for me to return to other platforms as I absolutely love the film recommendations Google TV provides me on the home screen based upon the services I'm using.  This feature has been such a joy for discovering all sorts of films I might have otherwise missed, especially as it gets quite deep in learning your preferences, and not simply recommending you mainstream flicks.
In this article:. Roku Express 4K Plus. Roku Streaming Stick 4K. Second-place runner-up. Chromecast with Google TV 4K. Chromecast with Google TV HD. Amazon Fire TV Stick 4K Max. Fastest streaming device. Apple TV 4K (2022). Roku Streambar. Nvidia Shield TV. How we test streaming devices. Streaming device FAQs. More home entertainment recommendations.
Straight to the Point. The Winners, at a Glance. Instant Pot Pro 8-Quart 10-in-1 Pressure Cooker. The Countertop Multi-Cooker for Control Freaks. Breville Fast Slow Pro Cooker. Kuhn Rikon Stovetop Pressure Cooker. Presto 8-Quart Pressure Cooker. What We Learned. Pros and Cons: Stovetop Versus Countertop Pressure Cookers. The Criteria: What To Look for in a Stovetop Multi-Cooker and Countertop Pressure Cooker. What to Look for in a Stovetop Multi-Cooker. What to Look for in a Countertop Pressure Cooker. The Testing. The Results. Instant Pot Pro 8-Quart 10-in-1 Pressure Cooker. The Countertop Multi-Cooker for Control Freaks. Breville Fast Slow Pro Cooker. Kuhn Rikon Stovetop Pressure Cooker. Presto 8-Quart Pressure Cooker.
Happy with Breville Fast Slow Pro. It is my 1st such cooker; just prepared my 3rd dish from a recipe found in "Milk Street Fast and Slow: Instant Pot Cooking at the Speed You Need" (the book I am going to give a 5\* review). Looks great on the countertop, and works fabulous for what I managed to cook so far. Definitely a new adventure for me in the kitchen! Alchemy! BTW, the book mentions Instant Pot in the title, bur works w/ Breville and probably every other cooker. As far as pressure cooking goes they all work the same, but the duo plus and ultra have specific settings for thing as like yogurt and rice. I highly recommend getting the non-stick pot to go with it, it comes with a stainless steel pot that works well but clean up is tough if you’re going to be cooking stuff with heavy or cream sauces. Electric pressure cooker isn't a replacement for a slow cooker. It pretends it will slow cook, but it only heats at the bottom and doesn't have the thick stoneware vessel that makes slow cookers work. Ninja makes an electric pressure cooker that can also be used as an air fryer. I have one as well as two instant pots and have noticed no quality disparity. Having an air fryer is super handy too! Instantpot is the most well know brand (their marketing was spot on). However, what I like about IP over other brands is the stainless steel cooking pot. And most accessories on the market are made to fit this device. BUT you have another option on Amazon and I have bought 6 of this brand, GoWise USA, to date, [8 quart model currently on sale for $59]( 2 for myself, (I threw away my first one when the fuse in it blew - electrician was doing a thing and it blew the circuit - and I didn't know I could replace the fuse in it for only a few bucks. Grrrr) 1 for each of my daughters, and two for other gifts. And I'll probably buy more for gifts. Literally, everything about it is the same EXCEPT the electronic keypad is mirrored on the IP. The IP replacement seals, all the accessories, everything fits in this. I have had mine for now almost 7 years. Still use it all the time. The Mealthy CrispLid fits it as well. It has the same preset settings for rice, yogurt, soup, porridge, etc as the IP.One note: It does heat from the bottom as another commenter pointed out, but that does not mean that it doesn't slow cook.  The interior walls are metal, the pot is metal, and the thermostat keeps that metal heated to cook like a slow cooker. I have used it to make slow cooker meals with no modification, OTHER than to bring my dish up to temp more quickly on the saute or soup setting, then turn it to slow cook.  The slow temperature rise of slow cookers - especially when using raw meat - is the one thing food safety experts say is the danger in using slow cookers. This circumvents that.
BUY NOW⬇⬇. 5️⃣Presto 6 Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Walmart US :►wayfair UK :►HSN US :►Kroger :►Lazada SG :. 4️⃣TEFAL CLIPSO + . ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :►Amazon FR :►Amazon DE :►Amazon IT :. 3️⃣Breville Fast Slow Pro Slow Cooker. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :►Amazon FR :►Amazon DE :►Sur La Table US :. 2️⃣Crock-Pot 6-Quart 5-in-1 Multi-Cooker with Non-Stick Inner Pot. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :►Amazon FR :►Amazon DE :►Amazon IT :. 1️⃣Instant Pot Pro 10-in-1 Pressure Cooker. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :►Amazon FR :►Amazon DE :►Amazon IT :. -------------. ⬇Coupons⬇. 🌟 Aliexpress ➼🌟 GearBest ➼🌟 Banggood ➼🌟 Best Amazon Selling Products ➼🌟 Honey ➼-------------. 📧For Business Inquiries : BestProductsNET@gmail.com . -------------. best pressure cooker 2023,. best pressure cooker recipes,. best pressure cooker for canning,. best pressure cooker air fryer combo,. best pressure cooker in india,. best pressure cooker meals,. best pressure cooker recipes 2023,. best pressure cooker pot roast,. best pressure cooker america's test kitchen,. best pressure cooker air fryer combo 2023,. best pressure cooker aluminium or steel,. best pressure cooker australia,. best pressure cooker accessories,. best pressure cooker and slow cooker,. best pressure cooker atk,. best pressure cooker brand,. best pressure cooker biryani recipe,. best pressure cooker beef stew,. best pressure cooker black beans,. best pressure cooker beans,. best pressure cooker brown rice,. best pressure cooker brand in india,. best pressure cooker beef recipes,. best pressure cooker chicken recipes,. best pressure cooker combo,. best pressure cooker company,. best pressure cooker chicken biryani,. best pressure cooker chili,. best pressure cooker chicken,. best pressure cooker cookbook,. best pressure cooker canner,. best pressure cooker dinner recipes,. best pressure cooker dinners,. best pressure cooker dishes,. best pressure cooker electric,. best pressure cooker ever,. best pressure cooker electric or stovetop,. best electric pressure cooker 2023,. best electric pressure cooker in india,. best electric pressure cooker,. best pressure cooker for rice,. best pressure cooker for indian cooking,. best pressure cooker for health,. best pressure cooker for induction,. best pressure cooker for baby food,. best pressure cooker fit tuber,. best pressure cooker green beans,. best pressure cooker germany,. best pressure cooker gas,. best pressure cooker good housekeeping,. best pressure cooker hawkins,. best hard anodized pressure cooker,. best pressure cooker for home,. best pressure cooker in pakistan,. best pressure cooker in tamil,. best pressure cooker in usa,. best pressure cooker in bangladesh,. best pressure cooker in india 2023,. best pressure cooker in low price,. best pressure cooker in flipkart,. best pressure cooker japan,. best pressure cooker kaun sa hai,. best pressure cooker keto recipes,. best pressure cooker in kannada,. best pressure cooker in kenya,. best pressure cooker lamb shanks,. best pressure cooker lamb recipes,. best 5 litre pressure cooker in india,. best stainless steel pressure cooker 3 litre,. best 2 litre pressure cooker,. best 3 liter pressure cooker,. best stainless steel pressure cooker 5 litre,. best 3 l pressure cooker,. best pressure cooker malayalam,. best pressure cooker material for health,. best pressure cooker mac and cheese,. best pressure cooker meat,. best pressure cooker meat recipes,. best pressure cooker mycology,. best pressure cooker made in usa,. best pressure cooker non stick,. best pressure cooker ninja,. best pressure cooker non electric,. best pressure cooker new zealand,. best pressure cooker on amazon,. best pressure cooker online,. best pressure cooker on the market,. best pressure cooker on sale,. best pressure cooker oxtail recipe,. best pressure cooker on the market today,. best pressure cooker on a budget,. best pressure cooker one pot meals,. best pressure cooker philippines,. best pressure cooker price,. best pressure cooker pulled pork,. best pressure cooker pot roast recipe,. best pressure cooker pot,. best pressure cooker pinto beans,
How to choose a stand mixer. How to care for a stand mixer. How we tested. Other stand mixers we tested. Aucma 6.5-Quart Stand Mixer. Hamilton Beach 4-Quart Electric Stand Mixer. Bosch Universal Plus. Dash 3-Quart Stand Mixer. Ankarsrum Original Kitchen Machine.
also lookingedit: thank you! got the kitchen aid as well and loving it! it's a gorgeous beast edit: the exact one is the number 2 on this list here: [ KenwoodGrandmas has been going for a couple of decades, mum’s went for a couple of decads before I upgraded her, mine is fantasticAnd so many attachment options 100% recommend a Kitchenaid, the die cast body means it will last forever. One benefit of the steel body from my experience is the added weight means it won't move even when kneading dough at high speeds.You can get a Kitchenaid a lot cheaper than the NZ Kitchenaid store from Peter's of Kensington in Sydney. I paid about $750 (vs $1000-1100) for mine including shipping. I've got a Kitchenaid mixer and I wouldn't trade it for the world. My partner bought a breville (bakery chef hub) with extras for cheaper than a kitchenaid without the extras for bread making and it's really really good. We've had it for a few months and it's turned out great bread every time. It's a little noisy but that's to be expected with a stand mixer.All the reviews we read about kitchenaid said replacing parts is an absolute nightmare on top of the expensive extra tools.Partner says not to buy it from Noel Leeming (650) but to get it from Smith City for cheaper (around 469). We make a couple of different loaves a week (French rolls, rustic loaf, standard white bread etc)
Top 10 Best Stand Mixers that can unleash your baking potential with its versatile functionalities. . . Best Stand Mixers List: (Affiliate Link). . 0:00 - Introduction. . 01:11 - 10. Dash Stand Mixer. Link:. 02:31 - 9. Sunbeam 2594 350-Watt MixMaster. Link:. 03:45 - 8. Wolf Gourmet High-Performance Stand Mixer . Link:. 05:06 - 7. Bosch Universal Plus Mixer. Link:. 06:12 - 6. KitchenAid KSM3311XAQ Artisan Mini Series . Link:. 07:20 - 5. Kenmore Elite Ovation 49090. Link:. 08:29 - 4. Hamilton Beach 7-Speed Stand Mixer. Link:. 09:48 - 3. Breville BEM800XL Scraper Mixer Pro. Link:. 11:03 - 2. Cuisinart 5.5-Quart Stand Mixer. Link:. 12:18 - 1. KitchenAid Artisan. Link:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. ***Smart Coffee Makers:***Kitchen Gadgets Innovation :***Kitchen Gadgets Innovation :***Kitchen Gadgets Innovation :***Kitchen Gadgets Innovation :***Useful Coffee Gadgets:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. Intro, Outro & Animation Credit: (Boring Motion)***Music Source: Epidemic Sound. ***Video Credit: . ** KitchenAid :** Cuisinart :** Breville :** HamiltonBeachBrands :** Kenmore :** Bosch Mixers :** Sunbeam :** Unprocess Your Food :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. We are also on:. YouTube:Instagram:Pinterest:Facebook:Web:Business Email: Mailtop10zone@gmail.com. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. 
Share this story. Sony WF-1000XM4. Jabra Elite 3. Bose QuietComfort Earbuds II. Beats Fit Pro. Apple AirPods Pro (second-gen). Samsung Galaxy Buds 2 Pro. Google Pixel Buds Pro. Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless 3. Apple AirPods (third-gen). Sony LinkBuds. Razer Hammerhead True Wireless (2021). Nothing Ear 2. ‘Godfather of AI’ quits Google with regrets and fears about his life’s work. The Google Pixel Fold looks nearly gapless in first leaked marketing images. The entire Super Mario Bros. movie keeps getting posted to Twitter. Microsoft’s new Xbox Home UI looks way better with more room for backgrounds. Verge Deals. More from Reviews. Motorola ThinkPhone review: business class. The OnePlus Pad is an impressive tablet for its price. My week with Dyson’s absurd wearable air purifier. GM killed the Chevy Bolt — and the dream of a small, affordable EV.
A little surprised you churned through all that and never tried any variant of the Galaxy Buds. !thanks That's really nice, I'm sure you love the anc. I just dislike having to go into developer settings and change the LDAC codec to best quality everytime i connect them. Cambridge Audio Melomania Touch are my go to for when I'm traveling around London. The sound is pretty damn good for £80. 50hr of battery life with the charging case is amazing too. Should also see how the Liberty 3 Pro line up since I did have a pair but interesting list.. the finals were something I was wondering about and this just confirmed it
These are the very best earbuds of 2022. Latest prices ⬇️. Galaxy Buds2 Pro 👉. Sony WF-1000XM4 👉. Sennheiser MTW3 👉. Bose Quietcomfort Earbuds 2 👉. Beats Fit Pro 👉. Bang and Olufsen EX 👉. AirPods Pro 2 👉. Sony Linkbuds S 👉. Sony Linkbuds 👉. Pixel Buds Pro 👉. Soundcore Liberty 3 👉 Pro. Follow me on social media! (it's always just @mikeobrienn). Instagram:Twitter:TikTok:About me:. Please comment below with any questions you might have.Thank you all for watching! I appreciate you!. . CATEGORIES. Best ANC. Best sound. Most Comfortable. Best value. Best Call Quality. Best For Workouts. Best Overall (you won’t guess it). . The 2022 earbuds awards highlight the very best earbuds of the year, broken down into 7 categories. I have tested HUNDREDS of earbuds and these are my picks for the top sound, ANC, mics, fit, comfort, etc.. . 
TP-Link Archer AX55. Asus RT-AX88U. Future-proofed, high speed, high price. TP-Link Archer A8. For smaller spaces or fewer devices. Everything we recommend. TP-Link Archer AX55. Asus RT-AX88U. Future-proofed, high speed, high price. TP-Link Archer A8. For smaller spaces or fewer devices. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked. Our pick: TP-Link Archer AX55. TP-Link Archer AX55. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Upgrade pick: Asus RT-AX88U. Asus RT-AX88U. Future-proofed, high speed, high price. Budget pick: TP-Link Archer A8. TP-Link Archer A8. For smaller spaces or fewer devices. Other good Wi-Fi routers. How we tested, plus the results. Speed (throughput). Multitasking (latency or lag). Router setup and network maintenance. What to look forward to. What is a Wi-Fi router? And other frequently asked questions. What to look forward to. The competition. Meet your guide. Further reading. The Gear to Get Reliable Wi-Fi in Any Home.
Yeah I'm looking too Unless you live in a small studio apartment “best wireless router” is an oxymoron as an all in one device like that always suffers from one compromise or another.A router does one thing and one thing only, it passes network traffic from one network to another.   Typically between your local area network and your ISPs network.   It has nothing to do with WiFi.The problem is marketing.   What you are buying at Best Buy etc is three devices in a single box.   Because of that you often end up locating it in places that’s convenient for your ISP and bad for effective connectivity to the devices you want to use on the WIFI.If you truly want the “best”, you purchase a separate router that fits the capacity of your ISP connection with some headroom for future upgrades, and then buy separate Wireless Access Points that can be placed where they will provide the best possible coverage of your premises.   The upgrade cycle on the router is likely going to be far less frequent than that of your WAPs. If money is not an issue then you can go with Asus GT-AX11000 or [ASUS RT-AX3000]( which is a mid-range option that offers excellent performance and features at a more affordable price point than some of the high-end routers. It's dual-band operation and MU-MIMO and AiProtection should help to improve your network's range and security. I would like to prefer Asus RT-AX86U. This is an excellent router with great speed and features. It is still giving me a very good range and performance. You can compare this router with other [best wireless routers]( along with their features.
These days your Wi-Fi router not only connects you to the internet, but often your job, too. Here's what you need to build the best home network, along with reviews of our top-rated routers for a range of needs and budgets.. . 00:00 Introduction. . 00:51 Best Router for Most People: TP-Link Archer AX50. Buy Here:. 01:35 Best Upgrade Pick: Asus ROG Strix GS-AX5400. Buy Here:. 02:16 Best Sky's-the-Limit Router: Netgear Nighthawk RAXE500. Buy Here:. 03:12 Best Mesh System: Asus ZenWiFi ET8. Buy Here:. 04:16 Best Router for Gamers: TP-Link Archer AX11000. Buy Here:. 05:05 Best Cheap Routers: Asus RT-AC66U B1. Buy Here:. For a more in-depth look on each of these routers:.. PCMag.com is your ultimate destination for tech reviews and news... Like us on Facebook:. Follow us on Twitter:. Gawk at our photos on Instagram:. Get our latest tips and tricks on Pinterest: 
The picks and the research. A structured and sophisticated bag that doesn’t skimp on comfort: Troubadour Apex Backpack. Troubadour Apex Backpack. Seriously smart. An affordable bag packed with function and style: Everlane The ReNew Transit Backpack. Everlane The ReNew Transit Backpack. Understated and versatile. A rugged backpack for organizing your tech: Timbuk2 Authority Laptop Backpack Deluxe. Timbuk2 Authority Laptop Backpack Deluxe. Holds a lot of tech, takes a lot of abuse. A sleek office-to-airport pack with a timeless shape: July Carry All Backpack Series 2. July Carry All Backpack Series 2. Polished minimalism. A large, ergonomic gym backpack: Aer Duffel Pack 3. Aer Duffel Pack 3. For techies and fitness buffs. A chic, sporty carry-all: Lululemon Everyday Backpack 2.0 23L. Lululemon Everyday Backpack 2.0 23L. Fashionable and functional. Other good laptop backpacks. Italic Rafa Backpack. Aer Day Pack 2. Laptop backpacks under $50. Chrome Urban Ex 2.0 Rolltop 30L Backpack. A robust carry-all for bikers. Why you should trust us. How we picked and tested. The competition. Meet your guide. Further reading. Our Favorite Laptop Sleeves and MacBook Pro Cases. Wirecutter’s Favorite Bags, Totes, Backpacks and Carryalls. Our Favorite Messenger Bags.
The TIMBUK! edit: make sure you looking at the latest one, it's the number 1 on this list:  [ I came here to say Timbuk2 as I love my bag…..but it looks like you want something different. You have me intrigued though so I will look up Tumi now. Tom Bihn. They are beautiful bags, beautifully thought out. They are very fussy about the fabric they accept  and very fussy about the detail work and stiching on the bags. They are made in America, around Seattle. The designs slowly evolve, the current Brain Bag fixes all my gripes about my 12 year old one (still looks almost new), I replaced it because I wanted a more snag free exterior (one of my kids has it now). Order a fabric sample set if you want to see what they really look like, and check out their forums. Usually, they go for 80% of new on ebay, which is really saying something. I have a Synik 30  Tumi has nerfed their quality. I love every bag I've gotten from Waterfield: 
These are our picks for the 7 best laptop backpacks that we have reviewed // Pros and cons // We'll tell you EXACTLY which pack is for you.... . Most backpacks have laptop sleeves, but not all laptop sleeves are equal. . . These packs all feature a waterproof zipper, plenty of padding, and a false bottom to keep your precious safe and sound.. . **********. . 00:00 - Intro. 1:09 - Overall EDC. 3:40 - Water-resistant. 6:21 - Long term travel. 9:18 - Laptop sling. 11:36 - Gym people. 14:08 - Business. 16:22 - College. . **********. . Do YOU want to build a backpack with me? 🎒. . We are building our own backpack on Nomads Nation and we are documenting every step of the process! . . Join our email list to get a behind-the-scenes look and to be able to vote on key features of the bag. . . Learn more 👉🏼. **********. . → Evergoods CPL 24 → Best overall EDC laptop backpack. Watch our review:Check their website:. → Wandrd Duo Daypack → Best Waterproof laptop backpack. Watch our review:Check their website:. → Tortuga Outbreaker → Best Laptop backpack for long term travel. Watch our review:Check their website:. → Aer Tech Sling 2 → Best laptop sling. Watch our review:Check their website:. → Modern Dayfarer backpack → Best gym/laptop backpack. Watch our review:Check their website:. → Nomatic Navigator 15L → Best laptop backpack for business. Watch our review:Get this backpack 👇🏼. Worldwide →UK & Europe* →FOR GOMATIC: Get 10% off your order with code NOMADS10. . *UK & European Customers - Due to a trademark issue, Nomatic had to rebrand to Gomatic in Europe and the UK. You can buy the Gomatic Navigator 15 backpack with the link above. . . → Bellroy Classic Backpack Plus → Best laptop backpack for college. Watch our review:Check their website:. **********. . Looking to have YOUR backpack reviewed? Contact Aaron at Aaron@nomadsnation.com. . **********. . Affiliate Disclosure - We hope you enjoyed our review of the 7 best laptop backpacks!. . Here at Nomads Nation™, we thrive to create the best travel content on the web! To do that we create EPIC videos that take a lot of time and money, so we monetize our videos with affiliate links. This means that if you click on one of our links and make a purchase, we make a small commission - at no extra cost to you!. . Using our links for purchases is the best way to support the channel so we can keep making amazing videos. . . If you aren’t going to make a purchase, but still want to show us some love - then smash that subscribe button! . . Thanks for the love!:). . **********. . Free gear disclosure - . . Sometimes we buy our own gear and review it. Sometimes companies send us gear for free in exchange for a review. We never agree to sponsored content, brand deals, or product placements. If a company does send us free gear, it doesn’t affect our review/opinion of the product. Our reviews are honest - if a product sucks, we’ll let you know.
In this article:. QardioBase X. Wyze Scale X. Most customizable smart scale. Renpho Smart Wi-Fi Bluetooth Body Fat Scale-Premium. Sportneer Smart Scale. Etekcity HR Smart Fitness Scale. Greater Goods Premium Wi-Fi Scale. Withings Body Plus. Most third-party app connections. Eufy Smart Scale P2 Pro (Update: Out of Stock). Other smart scales tested. Factors to consider. Smart scale FAQs.
From what I've read they're very unreliable. Measuring through your feet doesn't give the best read and upper body measurements are often wrong. I love my Renpho, it still works great after 4 years. I think they're about $40 on Amazon now? I got an inexpensive set of calipers. I have a Renpho and the analytics seem off purely based on body weight. However, the number on this scale always aligns with the number I see on the scale I see at the doctor's office.
Smart Scale: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Smart Body Scale for sale right now.. ► Links to the Smart Scale listed in the video ✅. 5️⃣Eufy Smart Scale: (Amazon)4️⃣Renpho Scale: (Amazon)3️⃣Fitbit Aria 2: (Amazon)2️⃣GreaterGoods Smart Scale: (Amazon)1️⃣Withings Body+: (Amazon). 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. If you want to learn more about your body, an ordinary weighing scale will not be enough for you. Get a smart scale that can help you get more insight into your body. This amazing device can take essential body measurements and track your progress on your smartphone apps.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Smart Scale available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . 00:00 Intro: Smart Scales. 00:355️⃣Eufy Smart Scale. 02:464️⃣Renpho Scale. 05:193️⃣Fitbit Aria 2. 07:312️⃣GreaterGoods Smart Scale. 09:461️⃣Withings Body+. .. ►
Running & Sports. Find a Sports Camp. Browse All Activities. Kids & Family. Find Camps & Activities for your Active Kids. Fitness & Health. Calculators. Outdoor Activities. Outdoor Guides. Running Tips. Cycling Tips. Triathlon Training. Sports Tips & Advice. Find a Sports Camp. Browse All Activities. Find Camps & Activities for your Active Kids. Calculators. Outdoor Activities. Outdoor Guides. Running Tips. Cycling Tips. Triathlon Training. Sports Tips & Advice. ACTIVE WORKS®. Weight Range. Your Set-up. Dumbbell FAQs. Discuss This Article. Get ACTIVE on the Go. Latest In Fitness. Trending Articles. Connect With Us. Add a Family Member. Edit Family Member. Add a Family Member. Edit Family Member. Follow ACTIVE. Mobile Apps. Things To Do. Popular on ACTIVE.com. Organizer Technology Solutions:. Mobile Apps. Follow ACTIVE.
I’ll use this thread to reiterate this piece of knowledge: If you want nuobells, keep watch on Saks Fifth Ave for deals as they by far have the most frequent and best deal on nuobells. Look for their scaling $$ deal and typically they will usually go $150 off orders of $750+. Not great when buying overpriced clothes, but for 80lb nuobells it’s better than anywhere else out there. Pair it with a cashback program for even more savings.Edit: Also free shipping was included I’m gonna add the PSA about Eleiko Evos. Some of the rotating dumbbells have lateral “looseness”. The handle feels loose and “compresses” into the dumbbell back and forth. This is especially prevalent on larger weights, and it’s not consistent. Meaning one 50lb might have more looseness than the other. As you can imagine, this feels terrible during a workout when one dumbbell feels unstable compared to the other. That one Malaysian YouTuber (Zealift) and Coop both confirmed the issue exists. Coop mentioned that it is minimal, but from my personal experience, it is substantial. What this says to me is that if you get Eleiko Evo rotating dumbbells, you WILL experience this. Emails to Eleiko says that this is part of the design to increase durability. If so it’s a terrible design choice, because the dumbbells feel broken.Video of perfect Evo of loose Evo dumbbell I have the un-branded rubber hex dumbbells from Rogue, 10's-100's.  Purchased them in the spring/summer of 2021 when they were on sale for a dollar per pound.  Saved on shipping by ordering a lot at a time or with other heavy items.  Until then, I had been using standard plates with old spin-lock type handles.  It sucked.  Never used adjustables like Ironmasters or Powerblocks.  I'm sure they suit most gyms just fine.  I thought the investment for a set was worth it as, for me, nothing beats the ability to just grip and rip! I have no regrets, other than I wish I would have purchased 110's and 120's, too. Shout out for luxiaojun dumbells at 0.95 usd a pound, shipping free in the us. I have a set of 5-45 which I use several times a week, and they are great for the price. Obviously urethane ones are better, but these are good enough for me. TLD;DR I’d say go REP straight handles in 5-100, take whatever you can get beyond that. My big girls (105-150) are pro style, not sure what brand. I really like the rep straight handles. They’re a good price compared to urethanes, and feel great in the hand. Good diameter, good knurl. I would definitely recommend them for most people who do enough dumbbell training to warrant buying a full set. I’ve had powerblock u90s, they feel so awkward for pressing movements with the added weights making them top heavy (and still aren’t heavy enough for chest presses and rows, I only tried them for shoulder presses) and too clunky for curls, and the contoured plastic handle feels terrible in the hand. The powerblock “personal trainer” 50lbs non-expandable set is nice for curls and things like that, but obviously too light for presses and rows. I used to use loadable 20” olympic handles for rows, they worked OK for that but were a bit clunky. Definitely way too clunky for curls. It is a very cheap way to go heavy though, I think the heaviest I ever went was 145lbs. If you had dumbbell spotters, I reckon you could do presses just fine but I would be nervous unless I had exceptionally good collars. I almost prefer standard size spin-locks just due to the reduced size. That’s what I had starting out and honestly they did an adequate job for most things. Don’t even talk to me about that breakable plastic bowflex garbage.Would love to hear feedback/input from ironmaster/pepin/baadass owners who train in a bodybuilding or powerlifting style.
 Thank you for clicking the link and supporting the YouTube Channel by liking the video and subscribing. Amazon affiliate links earn a commission.
Rusk W8less Professional 2000 Watt Dryer. Fast and light. InfinitiPro by Conair 1875-Watt Salon Performance AC Motor Styling Tool. Fast but heavy. Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer. A joy to use. Everything we recommend. Rusk W8less Professional 2000 Watt Dryer. Fast and light. InfinitiPro by Conair 1875-Watt Salon Performance AC Motor Styling Tool. Fast but heavy. Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer. A joy to use. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: Rusk W8less Professional 2000 Watt Dryer. Rusk W8less Professional 2000 Watt Dryer. Fast and light. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Budget pick: InfinitiPro by Conair 1875-Watt Salon Performance AC Motor Styling Tool. InfinitiPro by Conair 1875-Watt Salon Performance AC Motor Styling Tool. Fast but heavy. Upgrade pick: Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer. Dyson Supersonic Hair Dryer. A joy to use. Upgrade pick: RevAir. How to dry your hair. Other good hair dryers. What to look forward to. The competition. Meet your guides. Further reading. How to Cut Your Own Hair (If You Absolutely Must). How to Dye Your Hair at Home (Even Though You Probably Shouldn’t). Does the $400 RevAir Hair Dryer Suck? Yes, Very Well.
I have been a fan of CONAIR for many years and have faithfully used their products. I used to own one of Professional Ionic Salon Hair Dryer 1875w . It dries my hair really fast. But then it got burned out. Then I switch to regular target cheap hair dryer which is so loud and takes twice as long to dry my hair. CONFU is a great dryer, gets the job done. There are times that the air that first comes out is cold. I had an old ConAir hairdryer for almost a decade and was crushed when it finally stopped working. then i jump in to JINRI Overall this is a very nice professional quality hair dryer that works quickly A week ago I would have said I loved INFINITI PRO BY CONAIR dryer. However it just stopped working with a poof of smoke and burning smell
Hairdryer: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Hairdryer for sale right now.. ► Affiliate Links to the Hairdryer listed in the video ✅. 5️⃣Remington D3190: (Amazon)4️⃣Babyliss Pro Ceramix: (Amazon)3️⃣Trezoro: (Amazon)2️⃣Dyson Supersonic: (Amazon)1️⃣DryBar Buttercup: (Amazon). 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Believe it or not, there are hair dryers that can leave you with shiny and soft hair. You have to know what you are looking for to find them. If you are lucky, they can also be lightweight and portable.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Hairdryer available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . 00:00 Intro: Hairdryer. 00:365️⃣Remington D3190. 02:394️⃣Babyliss Pro Ceramix. 04:363️⃣Trezoro. 06:072️⃣Dyson Supersonic. 08:101️⃣DryBar Buttercup. . .. ►
DeWalt DCD701F2 Xtreme 12V Max Brushless 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. Small and manageable, plenty of power. Bosch PS31-2A 12V Max 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. Powerful but not as nice to hold. DeWalt DCD791D2 20V Max XR Li-Ion Brushless Compact Drill/Driver Kit. For faster work on tougher jobs. Milwaukee 2801-22CT M18 1/2 in. Compact Brushless Drill/Driver Kit. Another powerful, bigger option. Ridgid R87012 18V Brushless SubCompact Cordless Drill Driver Kit. A good middle ground. Everything we recommend. DeWalt DCD701F2 Xtreme 12V Max Brushless 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. Small and manageable, plenty of power. Bosch PS31-2A 12V Max 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. Powerful but not as nice to hold. DeWalt DCD791D2 20V Max XR Li-Ion Brushless Compact Drill/Driver Kit. For faster work on tougher jobs. Milwaukee 2801-22CT M18 1/2 in. Compact Brushless Drill/Driver Kit. Another powerful, bigger option. Ridgid R87012 18V Brushless SubCompact Cordless Drill Driver Kit. A good middle ground. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: DeWalt DCD701F2 Xtreme 12V Max Brushless 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. DeWalt DCD701F2 Xtreme 12V Max Brushless 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. Small and manageable, plenty of power. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Bosch PS31-2A 12V Max 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. Bosch PS31-2A 12V Max 3/8 in. Drill/Driver Kit. Powerful but not as nice to hold. Upgrade pick: DeWalt DCD791D2 20V Max XR Li-Ion Brushless Compact Drill/Driver Kit. DeWalt DCD791D2 20V Max XR Li-Ion Brushless Compact Drill/Driver Kit. For faster work on tougher jobs. Also great: Milwaukee 2801-22CT M18 1/2 in. Compact Brushless Drill/Driver Kit. Milwaukee 2801-22CT M18 1/2 in. Compact Brushless Drill/Driver Kit. Another powerful, bigger option. Also great: Ridgid R87012 18V Brushless SubCompact Cordless Drill Driver Kit. Ridgid R87012 18V Brushless SubCompact Cordless Drill Driver Kit. A good middle ground. The competition. 12-volt models. 18- and 20-volt models. Meet your guide. Further reading. Essential Tools for Basic Home Repair. Hand Tools Everyone Should Own. How to Hang Heavy Stuff.
I like Makita. However, as others have said, battery life is not what one would hope. My 3-year old Makita impact driver now has both batteries showing "failure" when I plug them into the charger. I'm not happy about that. I did expect them to lose capacity but not to out & out die and become unchargeable at all. Why not replace the battery pack?  It's likely that has worn out.Check for off brand battery packs for your model. Check out Primecell.com. They rebuilt 4 Festool 12v batteries for me recently and they're working perfectly now. Hey team, I'm a former powertool corporate guy. I used to be a buyer and regional sales manager for a tool store chain, and I know pretty much every brand under the sun. My best advice;If you want a great drill, get a Festool. If you want a great drill for under $1000, get a Makita. The warranty is fantastic, parts are extremely easy to get, and they last very well (the batteries too) in fact, if the batteries fail with professional use under two years and you brought them into my stores, we'd just give you a battery straight away as we would be 99.99% sure of the warranty claim being accepted. We used to sell Milwaukee but the main issue there was warranty claims being constantly denied (the warranty might be seven years, but they expect it to be worn out by then and will only pay out as such), Bosch are pretty good too, not for drills but for jigsaws, circular saws, an excellent go to they are. And Dewalt aren't too bad, but are in our experience overrated for the price point that they hold. What do I use? A corded drill. Sure it might not be the easiest thing to use but it's served me fine. In fact, my drill has been used by my father, grandfather, and great grandfather. It was first bought in the 1950's. I still use it weekly. I don't work there anymore, but if anybody has any questions about the brand, product (I went to China/Japan and toured factories), how the companies are to deal with, feel free to ask.  I have the Milwaukee M18 fuel Impact driver and I love it. I'm not a pro but I bought a fixer upper and have used it for everything. The standard batteries give you a ton of run time and charge fast.I also have the standard M18 drill from Milwaukee too. I also really like it but only really use it for drilling.You won't go wrong with Milwaukee.
Best Cordless Drills 2023 [don’t buy one before watching this]. . Links to the Best Cordless Drills 2023 are listed below. At Valid Consumer, we've researched the Best Cordless Drills 2023 on Amazon saving you time and money.. . ► 6. Black & Decker 20V Max -► 5. RYOBI ONE+ 18V Cordless -► 4. Bosch PS31-2A 12V -► 3. Milwaukee M18 Fuel -► 2. Makita FD07R1 12V -► 1. DeWalt’s 20V MAX -. 🎁 With Amazon Prime, shipping is FREE! Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL by signing up here 👉. -------------------------------------. . If you found this video useful, please like it 👍.. Share it with someone who needs to see it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE:. -------------------------------------. . - ABOUT THIS VIDEO -. For those do-it-yourself repairs, anyone with a workshop or well-stocked tool shed needs to keep a cordless drill on available. It is a crucial tool for any job involving home renovation and an important component of a suitable toolbox. You should utilise the best cordless drill you can if you have home improvement chores to do.. . There are many various types of cordless drills available on the market, making it difficult to determine which ones are genuinely good values and which will force you to borrow your neighbor's drill.. . Because of this, I examined 15 of the most well-liked drills available and compiled my findings here. The features you want and your budget will likely determine which cordless drill is best for your collection.. . ... -------------------------------------. . - DISCLOSURE -. I am affiliated, but not sponsored by, any of the products mentioned in this video. The links in the description are affiliate links, which means that if you click on one of them and purchase the product, I'll get a little compensation. Because I am not sponsored, I am free to express my own thoughts and provide unbiased product reviews. From among the millions of products available, I select those that I have personally examined and found to be highly satisfactory, and which I will immediately recommend. This is how I feed my family: by making honest and helpful reviews that allow you to make informed purchasing decisions. I appreciate your help.. . Hope you enjoyed my Best Cordless Drills 2023 video.. . Video Link: 
In this article:. Arlo Video Doorbell. Eufy Dual camera doorbell. Google Nest Doorbell 2nd gen (battery). Ring Video Doorbell Pro 2. Wyze Video Doorbell Pro. Eufy Security S330 Video Smart Lock. How we test video doorbells. Installation and setup process. Additional features and settings. App integration. Video doorbell cameras compared. What to consider before buying a doorbell camera. Doorbell camera FAQs. More home security recommendations.
The Hook Up on YouTube is currently testing video doorbells. If you don’t know that channel he’s well respected, thorough and unbiased. I’d wait to see what the video says I have a eufy 2k battery doorbell. Really works well for me. No false positives or any missed motion. I have it integrated with home assistant. Battery lasts about 3 months or so then I gotta charge. Eufy Dual 2K here and it's great. Ring isnperfect Ubiquiti G4 pro looks pretty sweet
Top 5 BEST Video Doorbells of [2022]. . ➜ Links to the best Video Doorbells 2022 we listed in this video:. . ►US Links◄. ➜ 5. Blink Video Doorbell -. ➜ 4. Eufy Video Doorbell 2K Wired -. ➜ 3. Ring Video Doorbell 4 -. ➜ 2. Ring Video Doorbell Pro 2 -. ➜ 1. Arlo Video Doorbell Wireless -. -------------------------------------. ►UK Links◄ . ➜ 5. Blink Video Doorbell -. ➜ 4. Eufy Video Doorbell 2K Wired -. ➜ 3. Ring Video Doorbell 4 -. ➜ 2. Ring Video Doorbell Pro 2 -. ➜ 1. Arlo Video Doorbell Wireless -. -------------------------------------. ►CA Links◄. ➜ 5. Blink Video Doorbell -. ➜ 4. Eufy Video Doorbell 2K Wired -. ➜ 3. Ring Video Doorbell 4 -. ➜ 2. Ring Video Doorbell Pro 2 -. ➜ 1. Arlo Video Doorbell Wireless -. . We have just laid out the top 5 best video doorbells 2022. In 5th place is the Blink Video Doorbell, our pick for the best budget video doorbell. In 4th place is the Eufy Video Doorbell 2K Wired, our pick for the best value video doorbell. In 3rd place is the Ring Video Doorbell 4, our pick for the best mid-range video doorbell. In 2nd place is the Ring Video Doorbell Pro 2, our pick for the best runner-up video doorbell. In 1st place is the Arlo Video Doorbell Wireless, our pick for the best overall video doorbell.. . . DISCLOSURE: Some of the links on this page are affiliate links, meaning, at no additional cost to you, I may earn a commission if you click through and make a purchase. Affiliate commissions help fund videos like this one.
Cuisinart CPK-17 PerfecTemp Cordless Electric Kettle. Breville IQ Kettle. Sleeker but pricier. Cuisinart GK-1 Digital Gooseneck Kettle. Hamilton Beach 40880 Stainless Steel 1.7 Liter Kettle. An inexpensive water boiler. Everything we recommend. Cuisinart CPK-17 PerfecTemp Cordless Electric Kettle. Breville IQ Kettle. Sleeker but pricier. Cuisinart GK-1 Digital Gooseneck Kettle. Hamilton Beach 40880 Stainless Steel 1.7 Liter Kettle. An inexpensive water boiler. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: Cuisinart CPK-17 PerfecTemp Cordless Electric Kettle. Cuisinart CPK-17 PerfecTemp Cordless Electric Kettle. How the Cuisinart CPK-17 PerfecTemp has held up. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Also great: Breville IQ Kettle. Breville IQ Kettle. Sleeker but pricier. How the Breville IQ has held up. Also great: Cuisinart GK-1 Digital Gooseneck Kettle. Cuisinart GK-1 Digital Gooseneck Kettle. How the Cuisinart GK-1 Digital Gooseneck has held up. Budget pick: Hamilton Beach 40880 Stainless Steel 1.7 Liter Kettle. Hamilton Beach 40880 Stainless Steel 1.7 Liter Kettle. An inexpensive water boiler. Care and maintenance. Sustainability. Other good kettles. The competition. Variable-temperature kettles. Gooseneck kettles. Boil-only kettles. Meet your guides. Further reading. 6 Coffee Experts on the Gear They Use at Home.
We have a Fellow electric kettle. Precise temperature control. Set it to a specific temperature, it’ll keep it warm for an hour before turning off.We’ve had it for a year and it’s life changing honestly. Expensive but as long as it works we’ll never need to replace it.  exactly life, but they last for a long time. I have a Breville electric kettle that's about 20 years old and shows no signs of age.  However, the real game changer was installing an Insinkerator hot water tap.  I've had that for about three years, so not long enough to really have an opinion about longevity, but it's great not having to wait for the kettle. Just to add, i try to only buy glass ones so they may not last forever because of accidentally breaking.  My current one is almost 10 years.  Something about boiling over and over in plastic or metal seems unhealthy..
Electric Kettle: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Electric Kettle for sale right now.. ► Amazon affiliates links to the Electric Kettle listed in the video ✅. . 00:00 Intro. 00:31 5️⃣ Ninja KT200:02:06 4️⃣ Smeg 50's Retro:03:44 3️⃣ Breville Electric Kettle:05:21 2️⃣ Cuisinart CPK-17P1:07:15 1️⃣ KitchenAid Electric Kettle:. 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ********************************************************************. If you found this video valuable, give it a like 👍.. If you know someone who needs to see it, share it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts.. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE:********************************************************************. . ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Electric Kettles are useful for anyone needing an efficient way to boil water within minutes without making a lot of mess.. When buying an Electric Kettle, there are a few things to consider; style, quality, ease of use, and features. . So watch this video to find out which one is suited to your needs.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Electric Kettle available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . .. ►
Related To:. Our Top Juicer Picks. What To Know About Cleaning a Juicer. How We Tested. More Products Tested by Food Network Kitchen. These Containers Keep My Fruits and Veggies Fresher, Longer. We Tried Drew Barrymore's New Air Fryer and Here's What We Think. We Tried Keurig's First-Ever Smart Coffeemaker. This Multi-Use Pan Has Sold Out 10 Times — and We Totally Get It. Not Drinking Enough Water? These Products Can Help. Our Newsletter. 50 Perfect Gifts for Coffee Lovers        May 1, 2023. 20 Mother's Day Gift Baskets for Food Lovers        Apr 27, 2023. 8 Brands That Will Let You Customize Your Go-To Snack        Apr 21, 2023. 16 Mackenzie Childs Gifts That Are Perfect for Mother’s Day        Apr 20, 2023. You Can Get Emma Chamberlain's Newest Coffee Product At Walmart        Apr 20, 2023. This Website Is Entirely Dedicated to Replacing Broken Dishes        Apr 20, 2023. We Tested Caraway's New Steamer Set        Apr 20, 2023. 28 Mother's Day Food Gifts All the Moms in Your Life Will Love        Apr 24, 2023. 22 Great Gifts for Serious Home Cooks        Apr 21, 2023. 21 Gifts for Mom That Show How Much You Care        Apr 21, 2023. 22 Postpartum Gifts We Love for New Moms        Apr 24, 2023. 14 Popsicle Molds That Are Perfect for Summer        Apr 17, 2023. This Drying Stand Is Just What Your Water Bottle Collection Needs        Apr 13, 2023. We Tried Caraway's Cookware Set, and It Lives Up to the Hype        Apr 14, 2023.
The Breville everyone seems to recommend is the one I got earlier this year and it's been fantastic so far!edit: sorry forget to mention the model , it's the number 1 here:   Hurom juicer! I recommend the Breville as your first juicer. It will be the easiest as far as prep, juicing, and cleaning goes.I first got my breville 8 years ago, would juice almost daily. I got a masticating juicer earlier this year, and after 6 months of using,I have gone back to using my centrifugal. The quality of juice from the masticating is not that much better for me when I factor in the added work and time to prep, juice and clean.The best juicer for you is the one you will use daily! I did not like using the masticating juicer daily. The Breville is my daily driver! I can recommend [nutribullet slow juicer]( its not that costly and very good for its money. Easy to use, easy to clean, does its job very well. Definitely go with a slow juicer over a centrifugal
We juiced a LOT of fruits and veggies to find the best juicers on the market! . . Shop our TOP 3:. ➖ Best Overall, Nutribullet Slow Juicer:. ➖ Best Budget, Hamilton Beach Big Mouth Juicer:. ➖ Best for Juice and Smoothies, Breville 3X Bluicer:. (We may make 💰 from these links!). . Welcome to Food Network, where learning to cook is as simple as clicking play! Grab your apron and get ready to get cookin' with some of the best chefs around the world. We'll give you a behind-the-scenes look at our best shows, take you inside our favorite restaurant and be your resource in the kitchen to make sure every meal is a 10/10!. . Subscribe to our channel to fill up on the latest must-eat recipes, brilliant kitchen hacks and content from your favorite Food Network shows.. ▶ WEBSITE:▶ FULL EPISODES:▶ FACEBOOK:▶ INSTAGRAM:▶ TWITTER:.. . Best Juicers, Tested by Food Network Kitchen | Food Network. 
Braun Series 7 7071cc. Braun Series 9 9370cc. Superior performance for heavy growth. Remington F5-5800. Adequate performance, affordable price. Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. Everything we recommend. Braun Series 7 7071cc. Braun Series 9 9370cc. Superior performance for heavy growth. Remington F5-5800. Adequate performance, affordable price. Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. Electric shavers vs. manual razors. How we picked and tested. Our pick: Braun Series 7. Braun Series 7 7071cc. Long term test notes. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Upgrade pick: Braun Series 9. Braun Series 9 9370cc. Superior performance for heavy growth. Budget pick: Remington F5-5800. Remington F5-5800. Adequate performance, affordable price. Also great: Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. Philips Norelco Shaver 9300. Use, care, and maintenance. Other good electric razors. What to look forward to. The competition. Meet your guides. Further reading. How to Clean Electric Razors, Trimmers, and Clippers. We Tried the Gillette Heated Razor. It’s Not So Hot.
I’ve been shaving Norelco shavers for over 20 years, this model is clearly the Best Shaver Yet! Wahl razor gives me an excellent close shave and is easy to use. This is the second one I have purchased for after many years. once I used Panasonic Arc4 Electric Razo and it is waste of money. I am so sick of spending money on things only to be disappointed. It's so frustrating to feel all this hair after passing this shaver over the same spot 5 or 6 even 7 times. I have used Philips Norelco for about a month and a half and it has been working very well. I get about a month on one battery charge. The shave is nice and close but it took about a week for my face to get used to this shaver . Philips Norelco One Blade Hybrid Electric Trimmer and Shaver  is my best one. I was in a trouble. Because,  My wifey blamed me everyday. because, she not like my beard. after shave, there were extra hairs. So, I wanted to buy a best shaver. My friend told me to buy this phillips one. Now, I can take a clean shave for my face because of this shaver. My wife is also happy. Which one would you recommend to get a super super close shave that pretty much make the hair non visible
Links to the Best Electric Shavers 2023 are listed below. At Valid Consumer, we've researched the Best Electric Shavers 2023 on Amazon saving you time and money.. . ► 5. Panasonic Arc3 LT67 -► 4. Braun Series 7 7085cc -► 3. Panasonic Arc5 LV65S -► 2. Philips Shaver Series 9000 Prestige -► 1. Braun Series 9 9390cc -. 🎁 With Amazon Prime, shipping is FREE! Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL by signing up here 👉. -------------------------------------. . If you found this video useful, please like it 👍.. Share it with someone who needs to see it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE: . -------------------------------------. . - ABOUT THIS VIDEO -. You may wonder why you should get the best electric shaver. Nowadays, not all men still shave every day. Certainly not their faces. Some guys hardly ever shave. However, an electric razor is perfect for the old guard who favours a smooth appearance and younger men who are turning away from the beard.. . .. -------------------------------------. . - DISCLOSURE -. I am affiliated, but not sponsored by, any of the products mentioned in this video. The links in the description are affiliate links, which means that if you click on one of them and purchase the product, I'll get a little compensation. Because I am not sponsored, I am free to express my own thoughts and provide unbiased product reviews. From among the millions of products available, I select those that I have personally examined and found to be highly satisfactory, and which I will immediately recommend. This is how I feed my family: by making honest and helpful reviews that allow you to make informed purchasing decisions. I appreciate your help.. . Hope you enjoyed my Best Electric Shavers 2023 video.. . Video Link: 
Deadbolt-replacement smart locks. Ultraloq U-Bolt Pro WiFi. Schlage Encode Plus Smart WiFi Deadbolt. A Wi-Fi deadbolt replacement for Apple HomeKit. Deadbolt-adapter smart locks. A versatile yet low-cost option. Lever-handle smart lock. Ultraloq Latch 5 Fingerprint. A smart doorknob replacement. Everything we recommend. Ultraloq U-Bolt Pro WiFi. Schlage Encode Plus Smart WiFi Deadbolt. A Wi-Fi deadbolt replacement for Apple HomeKit. A versatile yet low-cost option. Ultraloq Latch 5 Fingerprint. A smart doorknob replacement. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked. How we tested. Security, privacy, and smart locks. Our deadbolt-replacement pick: Ultraloq U-Bolt Pro WiFi. Ultraloq U-Bolt Pro WiFi. Flaws but not dealbreakers. How the Ultraloq U-Bolt Pro Wifi has held up. Runner-up: Schlage Encode Plus Smart WiFi Deadbolt. Schlage Encode Plus Smart WiFi Deadbolt. A Wi-Fi deadbolt replacement for Apple HomeKit. Budget pick: Wyze Lock. A versatile yet low-cost option. Our doorknob-replacement pick: Ultraloq Latch 5 Fingerprint. Ultraloq Latch 5 Fingerprint. A smart doorknob replacement. Other good smart locks. What to look forward to. The competition. Security and privacy: How our picks compare. Frequently asked questions. Meet your guide. Further reading. Alexa Smart-Home Starter Kit. How to Use Your Smart Lock Better. The Smart Home Devices the Wirecutter Staff Uses.
The Schlage Encode Plus is good, but also take a look at the UltraLoq Z-Wave fingerprint deadbolt lock. *You will need a zwave hub to use it* Schlage Encode Deadbolt (good luck finding it in stock anywhere), I was lucky enough to purchase 4 of them before the shortage effected everything.  3 for my house and 1 for my grandmother who has a home health aide. I don’t know the current state of the company and their selection of products but AFAIK IglooHome makes the only smart lock that youtube lock pickers like Bosnian Bill or The Lock picking Lawyer approved of and did not regard as a piece of junk. The most secure deadbolt lock to me is the Yale nest smart lock. The problem with 99% of deadbolts, smart or not, if it has a cylinder, it can be picked. Personally, I have a ubolt ultraloq. My only regret to it today is I didn't get the zwave version. Not that my wifi version doesn't work, but for intregation to my security system zwave would have been better. I have 3 other doors with normal cylinder locks that I might upgrade later and use my wifi lock on another door and upgrade to either the zwave version or Yale lock on my main door. I like the August smart lock because you can use your own deadbolt with it, so you’re but limited to a junk lock with expensive tech attached to it. It replaces the thumb latch on the inside of the door. It takes about five minutes to install.The August had an app, of course, you can issue permanent and temporary “keys” depending on your needs (residents versus guests). Temporary keys can be set to work during certain times and expire.You can purchase an external keypad (Bluetooth) and set PINs the same way you would issue keys.It can work with or without a home hub. I use Apple and bought the zwave adapter so I’m able to unlock my door from anywhere in the world. If you buy just the lock, you’re limited to Bluetooth only. It runs on 4 AA batteries, which is great because you’re not dependent on electricity to be able to get in (like during a power outage), but you have to be physically at the door. Auto-unlock is a nice feature, especially when my hands are full. You setup a geofence in the app and once you leave the “home” area, once you re-enter, as you approach your door, it will unlock. Of course, you don’t have to use this feature, but I do because my hands are almost inevitably full of mail and groceries every time I go out. It has an auto-lock feature. After you close your door, after a pre-defined number of seconds, the deadbolt will lock.
👉5 - Wyze Smart Lock -👉4 - Eufy Smart Lock Touch & WiFi -👉3 - August Wi-Fi Smart Lock -👉2 - Schlage Encode -👉1 - Lockly Secure Pro -. Smart locks can provide several additional security features to keep your home safe, and many options have some especially intriguing features. With so many high-quality options on the market, finding the right one for your home, needs, and budget can be easier said than done. . . In this video, we’ll be comparing the 5 Best Smart Locks that are designed for different kinds of users. We will take into account performance, features, and price; so you can decide which is best for you. All the products on our list were selected based on their own inherent strengths and features.. . We’ll be comparing the Wyze Smart Lock, the Eufy Smart Lock Touch & WiFi, the August Wi-Fi Smart Lock, the Schlage Encode, and the Lockly Secure Pro; which are all great options if you’re in the market for a Smart Lock.. . We’ll break down which Smart Lock is best for you, and what you can expect to get in return for your money. We’ll help you decide if one of the models on our list seems like a great purchase.. . 0:00 - Intro. 0:25 - Wyze Smart Lock. 2:21 - Eufy Smart Lock Touch & WiFi. 4:10 - August Wi-Fi Smart Lock. 6:20 - Schlage Encode. 8:06 - Lockly Secure Pro. 10:19 - Conclusion. . . . . 
Wyze Bulb Color. Philips Wiz Smart Wi-Fi LED Color Bulb. A bulb with added effects. Meross MSL120 Smart Wi-Fi LED Bulb. For HomeKit users. Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance A19 Starter Kit. Everything we recommend. Wyze Bulb Color. Philips Wiz Smart Wi-Fi LED Color Bulb. A bulb with added effects. Meross MSL120 Smart Wi-Fi LED Bulb. For HomeKit users. Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance A19 Starter Kit. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. How we picked and tested. Security, privacy, and smart LED light bulbs. Our pick: Wyze Bulb Color. Wyze Bulb Color. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Philips Wiz Smart Wi-Fi LED Color Bulb. Philips Wiz Smart Wi-Fi LED Color Bulb. A bulb with added effects. Also great: Meross MSL120 Smart Wi-Fi LED Bulb. Meross MSL120 Smart Wi-Fi LED Bulb. For HomeKit users. Upgrade pick: Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance A19 Starter Kit. Philips Hue White and Color Ambiance A19 Starter Kit. A word about smart-home integration. Sustainability and smart LED light bulbs. What to look forward to. Other good smart LED light bulbs. The competition. Privacy and security: How our picks compare. Meet your guide. Further reading. Seeing the Light: When to Use a Smart Bulb, Switch, or Plug. Alexa Smart-Home Starter Kit. I Hate Alarm Clocks. But I Love Waking Up With Smart Bulbs.
Yeah Philips hue. I've purchased just about every brand of smart light and the hues (while the most expensive) have outlasted all the rest. I have multiple years old bulbs still working like new. Bite the bullet, replace them once and never look back Phillips Hue is the only brand I trust to install. I have 27 hue bulbs that are four years old. All of them are still going strong. I haven’t had a single failure. Definitely not TP Link.  I have had 8 of 10 bulbs fail within 1 year...  All the same way, they develop a weird oily substance on the inside of the bulb and then stop working.Echoing others, my Philips Hue bulbs keep going and going... I have had both Sengled and Ikea ZigBee bulbs.  Both have been rock solid.  I had wifi bulbs a few years back and they were crap.
I’ve tested a lot of smart light bulbs, but now it’s finally time to show you the just very best. I’ll compare some of the best bulbs I’ve tested to find the winners that you might want to buy. . . Full comparison article with ratings:. Go subscribe to Paul Hibbert:. . Links (affiliate):. . Light bulb base:. ---Inexpensive WiFi Bulbs---. WiZ 60w A19 (🥇Best Inexpensive Overall):. ...or if that link doesn't work:Govee:Cree Connected Max (🥉Best Brightness for the Price):TP-Link Kasa KL130 (🥈Best RGB for the Price):Wyze:TECKIN:. ---Hub bulbs---. ilumin by Inovelli (🥇Best Hub Bulb Overall):Sengled RGB (🥈Best RGB Zigbee on a Budget):EcoSmart (🥉Best Inexpensive Zigbee Bulb):. ...or if that link doesn't work:Nanoleaf Essentials:Sengled bright white:. ---High-end bulbs---. Philips Hue (🥇Best High-End Overall):LIFX (🥉Best Bright Saturated Colors):Novostella:Yeelight:WiZ 100w A21 (🥈Best White and RGB brightness):. ...or if that link doesn't work:. ---Smart filament bulbs---. Yeelight:TP-Link Kasa:Philips Hue:. SUBSCRIBE so you don’t miss more smart home videos:. 0:00 Intro. 0:37 Comparison factors. 2:02 Inexpensive WiFi bulbs. 4:48 Hub bulbs. 7:12 High-end bulbs. 10:53 Filament + other bulbs. 11:38 Paul Hibbert ❤️ Hue. . DISCOVER MORE. Full article for this video:Best Smart Bulbs vol 1:Best Smart Bulbs vol 2:Best Smart Bulbs vol 3:Best Smart Light Strips:Previous comparison article with more data:. MY SETUP & GEAR. See the list of everything I use in my smart home and other favorites:.. HATS. Get a Smart Home Solver hat:. FOLLOW ME. Twitter:Instagram:. ----------. MUSIC. . Doctor Momentum by Slynk. . The Star Spangled Banner - Band Only by The U.S. Army Band. . The End by EVA.. 
Cuisinart Custom 14 Cup Food Processor. KitchenAid 3.5 Cup Food Chopper. A mini option. Breville Sous Chef 16 Pro. A larger, more powerful option. Everything we recommend. Cuisinart Custom 14 Cup Food Processor. KitchenAid 3.5 Cup Food Chopper. A mini option. Breville Sous Chef 16 Pro. A larger, more powerful option. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: Cuisinart Custom 14-Cup Food Processor. Cuisinart Custom 14 Cup Food Processor. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Long-term testing notes. Budget pick: KitchenAid 3.5 Cup Food Chopper. KitchenAid 3.5 Cup Food Chopper. A mini option. Long-term testing notes. Upgrade pick: Breville Sous Chef 16 Pro. Breville Sous Chef 16 Pro. A larger, more powerful option. Care and maintenance. The competition. Full-size food processors. Mini food processors. Meet your guides. Further reading. Why We Love the Cuisinart Custom 14 Cup Food Processor. 7 Strategies for Wasting Less Food. Wirecutter’s 100 Most Popular Kitchen Tools of 2022. 70(ish) Splurge-Worthy Wirecutter Picks to Upgrade Your Kitchen.
You're overthinking it a bit. Either of those would be a perfectly good choice, but there's never a 100% guarantee that even a good product will perform without a single issue for decades. Shit happens and even the best products have *some* bad reviews.The only other one that's perhaps worth considering is the Magimix. Depending on who you ask, it's that, the Breville, or the Cuisinart in the top spot (although I think most people who like the Cuisinart would go for one of the others if you took cost out of the equation entirely). I have a Magimix and like it a lot, although I'd probably have gone with a Breville if I lived in the US. I have the Cuisinart.  I've had it for a couple years, and granted I don't use it all that often, but you can have it when you pry it from my cold, dead kitchen.  The thing works wonderfully, and the best side benefit for me is it is *quiet*.  Late at night before thanksgiving, making pie crust, and my old processor would wake the neighbors.  This one doesn't even wake the dog. Did you somehow run into me in the world, read my mind, and create this post? I’ve been debating which one to buy for 3 months now! I've had my cuisinart for almost 20 years. Still works fine. I'm sure the Breville is good too, but if you're going to be swayed by the 1 star reviews, which account for 4% of all reviews, versus the 84% of 5 star reviews... That seems silly.
Our longtime favorite is powerful and easy to use, but is it still the best choice? Equipment expert Adam Ried shares with host Julia Collin Davison his top picks for food processors. . . Buy our winning Cuisinart 14 Cup Food Processor:Buy the KitchenAid 9 Cup Food Processor:Buy the Breville 12-Cup Food Processor:Buy the Magimix 14-Cup Food Processor:Read our full review:. Browse our latest recipes:. ABOUT US: Located in Boston’s Seaport District in the historic Innovation and Design Building, America's Test Kitchen features 15,000 square feet of kitchen space including multiple photography and video studios. It is the home of Cook’s Illustrated magazine and Cook’s Country magazine and is the workday destination for more than 60 test cooks, editors, and cookware specialists. Our mission is to test recipes over and over again until we understand how and why they work and until we arrive at the best version.. . If you like us, follow us:.
Worx Landroid M 20V Cordless Robotic Lawn Mower (WR140). Husqvarna Automower 315X. Greenworks Pro Optimow 50H Robotic Lawn Mower. Husqvarna Automower 435X AWD. Gardena Robotic Mower Sileno City. Worx Landroid M 20V Cordless Robotic Lawn Mower (WR140). Bottom Line:. Husqvarna Automower 315X. Bottom Line:. Greenworks Pro Optimow 50H Robotic Lawn Mower. Longest Running Time. Bottom Line:. Husqvarna Automower 435X AWD. Bottom Line:. Gardena Robotic Mower Sileno City. Quietest Cutting. Bottom Line:. Consider Your Lawn Size and Cutting Deck. Recommended by Our Editors. Dig Deeper With Related Stories. PCMag Stories You’ll Like. About John R. Delaney. Honest, Objective, Lab-Tested Reviews.
I've had a Husqvarna 430x for 2 years now. I have an enclosed, non-flat, non optimal lawn - 2300 square meters (.56 acres). If it died, I'd go buy a new one immediately. It's changed my relationship with my lawn.Pros:* I don't have to mow the lawn (2 hours in 30C+ heat, with a push mower, fighting the bugs)* It integrates with HA* My lawn looks amazing, even better than when I had a gardener, because it gets cut constantlyCons:* It gets stuck/turned off/falls off curbs fairly regularly. But not regularly enough to make me want to fix the root cause of the problem. At most it's 2 minutes to walk out, fix the problem and send it on its way.* It needs to run pretty constantly to ensure the lawn is well cut* I still have to do the edging myself.* Rabbits are attracted to the boundary and guide wires. They'll dig and chew them, resulting in wire breaks. Those are a joy to find.* Needs a boundary wire. Unfortunate, but less expensive than RTK GPS I have a Landroid, there is a HACS integration that has led to me building a control panel that greatly exceeds the function and stability of the actual Landroid app. I am also interested in well-recommended options. I was very interested to hear about [OpenMower]( but it is new enough that I think it still needs a bit of time to mature, support more devices/builds, and perhaps become integrated with services like HomeAssistant. I did not know this was a thing, and now I want the Husqvarna 430x The [Bosch Indego]( "+" models work with Home Assistant via a [custom integration]( can even set it up as a "vacuum" to make the UI a little nicer to use.
Here are The Links to Buy. 6 ► Worx WR165 Landroid S 1/8 Acre Robotic Lawn Mower. ●Amazon US:. 5 ► Greenworks - Optimow Robotic Lawn Mower . ●bestbuy US:●AliExpress:. 4 ► Husqvarna AUTOMOWER 315X Robotic Lawn Mower. ●Amazon US:. 3 ► WORX WR140 Landroid M 20V Power Share Robotic Lawn Mower. ●Amazon US:●Walmart US:. 2 ► Segway Navimow Automatic Robotic Mower. ●Official Website:. 1 ► Husqvarna AUTOMOWER 435X AWD Robotic Lawn Mower. ●Official Website:. 00:00 6 - Worx WR165 Landroid S 1/8 Acre Robotic Lawn Mower. 00:30 5 - Greenworks - Optimow Robotic Lawn Mower . 01:17 4 - Husqvarna AUTOMOWER 315X Robotic Lawn Mower. 02:28 3 - WORX WR140 Landroid M 20V Power Share Robotic Lawn Mower. 03:35 2 - Segway Navimow Automatic Robotic Mower. 06:18 1 - Husqvarna AUTOMOWER 435X AWD Robotic Lawn Mower. . ★Here are the latest gadgets we've unboxed and reviewed:. ✉ For Business Inquiries Contact Me At BestReviews4K@Gmail.com. . Special Limited Offers:. ● Amazon Refurbished Deals:● Amazon Echo Deals:● Amazon Deal of the Day:● Amazon Gaming deals:● Amazon Coupons:. ★For More Reviews Visit our Website:. ★FOLLOW ME IN THESE PLACES FOR UPDATES. ✔Instagram :✔Pinterest :✔Facebook :✔YouTube:. . 5 Best Robotic Lawn Mowers In 2023 | Lawn Mower Reviews. 5 Best Robotic Lawn Mowers 2023. This ROBOT Mowed My Yard For 2 Years: Here's What Happened. Best Robotic Lawn Mowers 2023 | Robot Lawn Mower Reviews
The Three Types of Indoor Trainers. Other Things to Consider. How We Tested. DIRECT-DRIVE. THE GOLD STANDARD. Wahoo Kickr V6. Wahoo KICKR Smart Trainer V6. Wahoo KICKR Smart Trainer V6. CHEAPEST DIRECT DRIVE SMART TRAINER. Zwift Hub Smart Trainer. Zwift Hub Smart Trainer. Tacx Neo 2T. Garmin Tacx Neo 2T Smart Trainer. Garmin Tacx Neo 2T Smart Trainer. Wahoo Kickr Core. Wahoo KICKR CORE Smart Trainer. Wahoo KICKR CORE Smart Trainer. EASIEST TO STORE. Saris H4 Direct Drive Smart Trainer. Saris H4 Direct Drive Smart Trainer. FASTEST SET-UP. Wahoo Kickr Rollr. Wahoo  Kickr Rollr / Powrlink Bundle. Wahoo  Kickr Rollr / Powrlink Bundle. MOST LIKE RIDING OUTSIDE. Elite Nero Interactive Rollers. Elite Nero Interactive Rollers. Elite Nero Interactive Rollers. FRICTION TRAINERS. Feedback Sports Omnium Over–Drive. Feedback Sports Omnium Over-Drive with Travel Bag. Feedback Sports Omnium Over-Drive with Travel Bag. CHEAPEST TRAINER WITH POWER. Kinetic Road Machine Smart 2. Kinetic Road Machine Smart 2. Kinetic Road Machine Smart 2. DREAM SETUP. Wahoo Kickr Bike V2. Wahoo KICKR Bike. Wahoo KICKR Bike. Bikes & Gear.
So I bought a really expensive tacx wheel on turbo trainer 16 years ago, I put a reasonable amount of mileage on my bike outside during the season and just never rode or trained in the off-season. As a purely recreational solo rider I couldn’t find the motivation to mindlessly spin on a regular basis. It was a total waste of money. I’d put on music or a movie and just lose concentration on what I was doing.I found out about Zwift, bought the speed and cadence sensor for it and the game element really appeals to me. Tracking progress, training programs, the social part. It was right up my alley. I immediately sold my wheel-on turbo and sensors two weeks in for a used elite Suito ($500), used that for two years (sold for $500) and this year bought a hardly used wahoo kickr V5 for $1200. We are talking ridden in game for 15km. Cassette was even clean. Buying used it very risky, I’m reasonably electrically/mechanically inclined.If I had advice for old me I would have gone straight to the direct drive kickr V5 even at full retail. Auto calibration is so convenient. You don’t have to think about that part of it, I was always doing the spin down cal on my Suito and it’s really nice just jumping on and get going. It’s quiet. The heavy flywheel gives a realistic feel even compared to my old Suito. My gf even signed up and uses my setup as well.If that is in your budget go for it. I know I’ll have mine for years even if I upgrade my bike. If you end up not being into it you can sell it next fall when everyone is looking to buy. I bought a Wahoo Kickr Core last week and its been the best decision ever. I'm a beginner ish cycler(first season) and I LOVE Zwift. Definitely opt for a smart trainer at least, direct drive has been superb. I used Zwift all last winter and enjoyed it. Once I get past my fall marathon I'll get back on the saddle indoors for the winter.I'm certain I hit the road this spring in far better cycling shape from Zwift. It doesn't replace being outdoors, but it's so easy to get a decent workout. I like the planned workouts and did a six week FTP builder that really seemed beneficial.I have the Saris H3 trainer and am happy with it. I bought a Wahoo Kickr & Zwift about a month ago and it’s honestly the best investment I’ve ever made for cycling training. I use it hours a day. Zwift has some really great training plans and the auto-calibration/ERG on the kickr is awesome. $$ very well spent, highly recommend going for it. In 2019 I used a dumb trainer with speed and cadence sensor, and it wasn’t much good. The power numbers weren’t too far off since it was a supported dumb trainer, but the higher the true numbers the further off the estimated ones were. In 2020 I got a power meter for outside and for with the dumb trainer, with the logic being that for the same price as a smart trainer I can get a pedal power meter that will work both indoors and outdoors and I’ll get more use out of the purchase. There was nothing wrong with this setup, although it was quite loud. This year, I picked up a smart trainer and I love it. I do structured workouts, and that made it a whole lot easier to hold the power target since I don’t have to focus on anything but consistent pedalling. It’s also quite nice to have the resistance change on the gradients. Overall, it depends on your budget but I certainly recommend zwift.
If you are looking for the top 7 best indoor bike trainers on the budget, the following list is precisely made for you:. . 01. Alpcour Fluid Bike Trainer Stand for Indoor Riding .. 02. VIVOHOME Heavy Duty Steel Indoor Bike Trainer .. 03. Alpcour Bike Trainer .. 04. Bike Trainer Stand Indoor Cycling .. 05. SONGMICS Indoor Bike Trainer .. 06. Yaheetech Magnetic Bike Trainer .. 07. Lineslife Bike Trainer Stand for Indoor Riding.. 
Editor's Note. Thorne Research Basic Nutrients 2/Day. Nature Made Multivitamin Complete. Care/of Multivitamin. SmartyPants Adult Formula Gummies. Garden of Life mykind Organics Women's Once Daily Multi. Fullwell Women's Prenatal Multivitamin. SmartyPants Women's Masters 50+ Multivitamin. Nature Made Multi for Him. SmartyPants Kids Formula Daily Gummy Multivitamin. Who May Not Benefit From a Multivitamin. How We Select Supplements. What to Look For in a Multivitamin. Third-Party Testing. Ingredients & Potential Interactions. Multivitamin Dosage. Frequently Asked Questions.
I've found Life Extension's "Two-Per-Day" the one that works the best for me. High bioavailability isoforms, decent spectrum of vitamins and minerals, good price, and since the concentrations of each are fairly high, I need to take only one per day, so one bottle lasts very long... I only supplement it with an additional take of B12 (methylcobalamin) during the day, and some more magnesium (citrate cause I lean towards constipation). - Pure Encapsulations PureGenomics.  - Pure Encapsulations ONE Multi.  - Life Extension Two Per Day (kind of over dosed, so makes aa good one per day).   - Seeking Health makes a few.  - Naturelo makes a few.- Thorne Basic 2/Day Thornes multis, but darn pricy at retail. Use their discount or go with Pure Encaps ONE multi, or whatever Jarrow or Life Extension have. All of those brands are reliable and big inventory as you can get from these companies Garden of Life also has [mykind Organics]( [New Chapter]( is another good brand. New Chapter uses fermented vitamins. Here is something about fermentation  Looks like New Chapter uses soy for fermentation so you will have to take that into consideration. Some more info on it if anyone is interested in reading. [Should You Be Taking Fermented Supplements?]( I know there is a difference between food and just taking the vitamins but here is something about how fermentation is good [Health benefits of fermented foods]( have not used this brand for long and I do not know how popular or what kind of ranking they have but I like [NutriGold]( NutriGold makes organic supplements and they are another brand that does not add fillers or extra unneeded stuff like that. If price isn’t an issue, you can’t go wrong with Thorne. Their mineral supplements are top-notch too.
Here are the best quality multivitamins you can buy for men, women, and kids. It's all about the quality of the ingredients, how diverse they are, and the other ingredients listed at the bottom. So many store bought multivitamins use added sugar, artificial flavors and colors, and bad quality synthetic vitamins. The good multivitamins are more expensive, but they are much higher quality and have a more diverse vitamin profile, they are definitely worth the money.Mad love..Bobby, Dessi, Rose, and Art! XOXO. . Check out our Keto Cookbook:. The best multivitamins for men & women:. Women's synergy:Men's synergy:Men's Garden of life:Women's Garden of life:+50 Women's Garden of life:+50 Men's Garden of life:Chewable Men's Garden of life:Chewable Women's Garden of life:Chewable +40 Women's Garden of life:Chewable +40 Men's Garden of life:. The best multivitamins for kids:. Garden of life kids:Megafood kids:
Most versatile microphone overall. 1. Blue Yeti. 2. JLab Talk. 3. Rode PodMic. 4. HyperX SoloCast. 5. Sterling SP150SMK. 6. Sennheiser MKE 400. 7. Blue Yeti Nano. 8. Movo UM700. 9. HyperX QuadCast S. 10. Rode NT-USB Mini. More from Tom's Guide. Be In the Know.
If you're going USB mic, I love the elgato wave 3. It's solid audio and the software is very very helpful for streaming. Hyperx quadcast s. Looks great, sound quality is awesome, setup is fairly simple. Audio-Technica AT2020pair it with a Focusrite Scarlett Solo 3rd Gen or a GOXLR and your good for years If you're in a noisy environment I recommend the Rode PodMic or Shure Sm58 paired with a Scarlett Solo or Berhinger U-Phoria UMC22 (not the UM2). If youre ina more calm enviroment where you can control HVAC or fans and its reletivly quite the AudioTechnica AT2020 or Blue Ember. ***I personally*** wouldn't recommend a USB mic because ***to me*** its just money being thrown away if you plan on upgrading.Having a dedicated mic and interface means you can buy an inexpensive interface and upgrade your mic then your interface when you start making money or decide streaming is something you want to continue. If money is tight you can get away with a U-Phoria UMC22 with a behringer xm8500. The only downside is you would need to buy a cable and stand separate but there pretty inexpensive on amazon. The biggest piece of advice whether you go condenser, dynamic or usb. Learn to use your mic. Know where the capsule is and how to set your gain before adding plug in or VSTs.Check out this video for some tips. [ here are some links on Sweetwater which is where I buy all my audio gear.[Rode PodMic]( SM58]( XM8500]( Ember]( Technica AT2020]( Scarlett Solo]( U-Phoria UMC22]( I use a HyperX Quadcast. Really pleased with it. The S model has usb c and rgb I believe but the sound quality is the same
The streaming option is the Blue Yeti X. The Rode SmartLav+ is a great lavalier for YouTube videos. The HyperX QuadCast is a great microphone for gaming streamers. Shure SM58 speaking sample:. Shure SM58 singing sample:. Shure SM58 electric guitar with amp:. Shure SM58 acoustic guitar:. Rode NT1 acoustic guitar:. Shure SM57 acoustic guitar:. Hold up! Something’s missing:. Why you should trust SoundGuys.
What to ConsiderShopping for Power Banks. What to Consider. Most Portable. Cyberpunk Style. A Great Portable Generator. Honorable Mentions. Why You Should Avoid Cheap Stuff. WIRED COUPONS.
I have an Anker 10,000 mAh (not sure which model). It's pretty old now, at LEAST 6 years, but it's quite light and a bit smaller than a deck of cards, I'm sure they're even better now. It'll charge a newer phone about 3x. Those cheap little chargers are usually about 1,000mAh and phones are around 3,000mAh so they're really not very good. You can get a 10k for like $25 and a 20k (six charges) for not much more, so it's worth the upgrade to one of those.I'm a big fan of the Anker brand and so I'd definitely buy from them again. The Anker Power bank, I think it's the 20000 mAh, charges a phone and a tablet multiple times no problem, takes a while to charge though nitecore nb10000. it's the lightest you'll find at that charge capacity. easily charges a cell phone 2-3 times Another vote for the Anker 10,000
►Anker PowerCore Slim 10000. ★US Prices -★UK Prices -★CA Prices -. ►Fochew Wireless Portable Charger . ★US Prices -★UK Prices - NA. ★CA Prices -. ►Anker PowerCore Essential 20000mAh. ★US Prices -★UK Prices -★CA Prices -. Whether it be for traveling or convenience, portable chargers make life easier by letting you keep your phone and other devices charged up, even if you don't have ready access to a power outlet. But there are things like capacity, wireless and wired charging and a lot of other factors to consider when buying. So how do you make the best choice?. . In this video, we’ll be comparing the top 3 portable chargers that are designed for different kinds of users. We will take into account performance and features so you can decide which is best for you. All the products on our list were selected based on their own inherent strengths and features. We’ll be comparing the Anker PowerCore Slim 10000, the Fochew Wireless Portable Charger and the Anker PowerCore Essential 20000mAh; which are all great options if you’re in the market for a portable charger.. . We’ll break down which portable charger would be best for you, and what you can expect to get in return for your money. We’ll help you decide if one of the portable chargers on our list seems like a great purchase. . . . =============================================. → 
1. Wemo Smart Plug. 2. TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Mini Plug EP10. 3. Ring Outdoor Smart Plug. 4. Wyze Plug. 5. Lutron Caseta Dimmer Plug. 6. Wyze Plug Outdoor. 7. TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Power Strip. 8. Teckin Smart Power Strip. 9. TP-Link Kasa Smart Outdoor Plug KP400. 10. Amazon Smart Plug. Be In the Know.
eve energy is the best smart plug on the market. that is the answer. I’d go with eve. Philips has one as well if you have the hub Depends on your budget, I love my IKEA Tradfri plugs and the ability to control them independently of HomeKit (via bash) is a must. They are also very cheap. But they do require a ZigBee hub of some sorts.On the other end we have the totally hubless plugs like the Eve Energy which uses Thread and extends your Thread network. Those are quite nice as well but they are pricey. There are numerous other options from Wi-Fi to Bluetooth but I would caution you against using those. Choose either something HomeKit native like Thread or Matter or go for something that is universally supported like ZigBee or Z-WAVE.Either way later on you better stick to the same technology for best results as many of those plugs act as range extenders as well so a Zigbee plug into a Z-WAVE home is kind of useless - it will work but you will be using half of its features. VOCOlinc are cheap and reliable. But if I started over I would go with Eve I use the meross ones, cheap and fully HomeKit compatible. (Double check as they do none HK ones too)
Smart Plug: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Smart Plug for sale right now.. ► Amazon Affiliates links to the Smart Plug listed in the video ✅. 00:00 Intro. 00:29 5️⃣ KMC ‎30153:02:26 4️⃣ Kasa EP10P2:04:13 3️⃣ Wyze WLPP1-4:06:06 2️⃣ Govee B5082103:08:02 1️⃣ Lutron Caseta:. 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ********************************************************************. If you found this video valuable, give it a like 👍.. If you know someone who needs to see it, share it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts.. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE:********************************************************************. . ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Smart Plugs are brilliant bits of equipment that provide wireless control of your lights and appliances throughout your home. This means you can easily control every bit of tech in your house right from your cell phone. When looking to buy a Smart Plug, there are a few things to consider; durability, efficiency, compatibility, and features. So keep watching to find out which one is suited to your needs.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Smart Plug available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . .. ►
1. Chamberlain MyQ-G0401. 2. Tailwind iQ3. 3. Chamberlain MyQ-G0301. 4. Garadget. How we test smart garage door openers. Be In the Know.
I really like the Chamberlain belt drive with the MyQ. Very very quiet. Nothing worse than a noisy door opener, especially with that nice garage! Check out the [Wyze Cam V3 garage door opener]( It works with the majority of garage door openers, doesn't require a subscription, and includes a camera so you can monitor the garage as well. Don't think anything really competes at $45.I've installed these at my house and my parents house and it's been a good experience so far. The only caveat is you'll want a good wifi connection in your garage since the open/closed status is based on what the camera sees. LiftMaster/Chamberlain side mount garage door opener - with battery backup. Clears up a lot of overhead space and is a nice clean installation. The MyQ app is great too. I use MyQ. Available on Amazon. Works quite well. Easy setup.
In This Garage Door Openers Review Video, We Will Show You 5 Top Rated Garage Door Openers To Buy In 2023.. . See Update Price & Customer Reviews Of Top 5 Garage Door Openers:. . ✅✅ Amazon Affiliate Link :. . ➜ 5. LiftMaster 8500 Elite Series -. ►►(USA Links) -. ➜ 4. Chamberlain B550 Garage Door Opener - . ►►(USA Links) -. ➜ 3. Chamberlain B970T Garage Door Opener - . ►►(USA Links) -. ➜ 2. SKYLINK Atoms ATR-1611C - . ►►(USA Links) -. ➜ 1. Genie 7155 Garage Door Opener - . ►►(USA Links) -. ------------. Are You Searching For The Best Garage Door Openers?. . If So, Then You Are In The Right Place For Getting Essential Information On Garage Door Openers.. . In This Best Quality Garage Door Openers Review Video, We Will Show You Top Rated Garage Door Openers To Buy. . . Please, subscribe our channel to stay updated with us.. ✅✅---------------. . . . . . --------------. Jump to the section:. 00:00 introduction.. 00:42Liftmaster 8500 Elite Series Review.. 02:47Chamberlain B550 Smart Garage Door Opener Review.. 04:01Chamberlain B970T Smart Garage Door Opener Review.. 05:54SKYLINK Atoms ATR-1611C Review.. 07:54Genie Stealthdrive Connect 7155 Garage Door Opener Review.. 09:14Outro.. -------------. ➥ We Also Reviewed: . ✳✳ Best Band Saws -✳✳ Best Chain Saw -✳✳ Best Clamp Mater -✳✳ Best Portable Table Saw -✳✳ Best Electric Car Jack -✳✳ Best Pressure Washer -✳✳ Best Solar Generator -✳✳ Best Car Battery Chargers -. 
The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. The most versatile bottle: Takeya Actives Insulated Water Bottle with Spout Lid (22 ounces). Takeya Actives Insulated Water Bottle with Spout Lid (22 ounces). A simple stainless steel bottle and standard lid: Hydro Flask Standard Mouth (21 ounces). Hydro Flask Standard Mouth (21 ounces). Simple and reliable. Our favorite bottle for the car: CamelBak Eddy+ (25 ounces). CamelBak Eddy+ (25 ounces). Great for the car. Purifyou Premium (22 ounces). Prevents flavor from transferring. Mira Cascade (17 ounces). Elegant, insulated, and splashless. Thermos Hydration Bottle (24 ounces). A budget option. An ideal air travel companion: CamelBak Podium (21 ounces). CamelBak Podium (21 ounces). A lightweight squeeze bottle. An upgrade pick: Purist Mover (18 ounces). Purist Mover (18 ounces). Premium design and materials. Other good water bottles. How we picked. How we tested. The competition. Metal bottles. Glass bottles. Collapsible bottles. Plastic bottles. Care and maintenance. OXO Good Grips Water Bottle Cleaning Set. For cleaning your bottle. Meet your guides. Further reading. How to Clean a Travel Mug or Water Bottle. Why We Love the Zojirushi Travel Mug. Why We Love Hydro Flask.
Popular mechanics magazine did a test on water bottles not too long ago and most bottles that are vacuum insulated work the same way and offer insulation of hot/cold for many hours. It’s more or less personal preference of lids and shape/size that could be deciding factor. One thing I will mention is my yeti gets tossed in the dishwasher daily for the last four years and still looks great. Hydro flasks are not approved for dishwasher fwiw, I tried and the outside got stained and chalky. Hydro flask has great customer service when my screw top lids leaked they sent me three to replace my old ones. Zoj with this version. Zojirushi SM-SA36-BA Stainless Steel Vacuum Insulated Mug, 20-Ounce, Blackby Tokyo Japanese OutletLearn more:  newer with a different top don’t flip up right. I’ve had mine for years. Warning! Do not put hot beverages in this with the assumption it will cool. It will not. It takes like 10 hours. Put it in like you want to drink it. Middle pops out for cleaning. Lid clicks back so it doesn’t hit your nose. I’ve and water will still have ice 12 hours later. Tried other brands but I’m spoiled now.Zoj mugs don’t go up to 30 ounces.Edit they have 35 ounce vacuum bottle and a different thermos looking one. I can't speak to your specific use case, but I once dropped my Zoji from a (slowly) moving helicopter onto the top of a mountain in Papua New Guinea and I'm actively drinking water out of it bottle as I type this. My yeti rambler is tough as hell. They have a lot of lid and size options, the chug would fit your criteria but i prefer the flip up straw. I left my 26oz in a hot car for 14 hours, and the water was still ice cold. I’m just looking for any bottle not made in China
BRANDS TESTED: Contigo, Hydroflask Standard Mouth and Sport, Yeti, Brita, Aquatix, Bubba Flo, Under Armour, Hydrology, Coleman, Klean Kantine, ThermoFlask, Stanley Classic and East Rim.Thermos bottles tested for cold and hot beverage performance and durability by dropping them 36 inches.Finally, some of the bottles were cut open to look at the internal construction.Several others are durability tested using the Farmabago.. . ➡ Thank you very much for supporting the channel:. ➡ An easy way to find past videos along with products tested:A big thanks to Jim for putting this together. . ➡ Merch:. ➡ To subscribe:. ➡ As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.. . . ➡ Products Tested In This Video (in no particular order):. Contigo:HydroFlask Standard Mouth:HydroFlask Sport:Brita:Aquatix:Bubba Flo:Under Armour:Yeti Rambler:Hydrology:Coleman:Klean Kanteen:ThermoFlask:Stanley Classic:East Rim:. Test Equipment Used in this Video:. Digital Thermometer:. Videography Equipment:. Sony DSC-RX10 III Cyber-shot Digital Still Camera:Canon 70D Camera:Azden Microphone:Go Pro Bundle:. This video is only for entertainment purposes. If you rely on the information portrayed in this video, you assume the responsibility for the results. Project Farm LLC
Midea Duo MAP12S1TBL. LG LP1419IVSM. Nearly as quiet and just as reliable. Frigidaire Gallery Cool Connect GHPC132AB1. Quieter and even more consistent. Black+Decker BPACT14WT. Just as cool, not as costly. Everything we recommend. Midea Duo MAP12S1TBL. LG LP1419IVSM. Nearly as quiet and just as reliable. Frigidaire Gallery Cool Connect GHPC132AB1. Quieter and even more consistent. Black+Decker BPACT14WT. Just as cool, not as costly. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: Midea Duo MAP12S1TBL. Midea Duo MAP12S1TBL. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Also great: LG LP1419IVSM. LG LP1419IVSM. Nearly as quiet and just as reliable. Also great: Frigidaire Gallery Cool Connect GHPC132AB1. Frigidaire Gallery Cool Connect GHPC132AB1. Quieter and even more consistent. Budget pick: Black+Decker BPACT14WT. Black+Decker BPACT14WT. Just as cool, not as costly. What to look forward to. Notable competition. Care and maintenance. Meet your guide. Further reading. How to DIY an Air Purifier. Upgrade Your Airflow: 3 Ways to Smarten Your Ceiling Fans.
The   MIDEA I got off amazon is a great unit, quiet, strong and budget friendly.(the exact model is the number 1 here:  ) Almost any AC is going to be noisy, it's just more about the how unpleasant that noise is.The LG 1419IVSM is what I have and it's solid. It's quiet-ish, fairly efficient as far as portable models go, and not bad looking. Just make sure you have a 20 amp circuit to plug it into or if you only have a 15, make sure that one isn't on a heavy load or it'll trip the circuit breaker. From what I've read make sure it's a dual hose design. I'm looking for one too. I heard Costco has one on sale right now that's pretty decent. I got the midea duo 12,000 btu and it’s incredible. I turn it on about 15 min before bed and it cools the room down quickly. Not too loud. Easy installation
🧨Links to the Top 3 Portable Air Conditioners in 2023 🎯. ★ OVERALL PORTABLE AIR CONDITIONER ★0:00​​​​ - Intro. 🔶 Black + Decker BPACT08WT Portable Air Conditioners 🔶 0:41 Time Stamp.➜. ★ 3 IN 1 AIR COOLER PORTABLE AIR CONDITIONER ★. 🔶 Auzkin Evaporative Air Cooler Desk Fan 🔶 3:20 Time Stamp.➜. ★ TIMER AIR CONDITIONER ★. 🔶 Black + Decker BPT06WTB 🔶 5:34 Time Stamp.➜▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬. . 👉 At Consumer Buddy, we've researched the Portable Air Conditioners on the Market saving you time and money so you can make an informed buying decision.. . The dog days of summer are upon us and that means that you're more than likely feeling as though you're burning up inside your own home. longings reveal even the slightest bit of relief, as the scorching rays of the sun are rammed through your walls, windows and doors. So how do you go about getting your body and your house to cool down? Well, don't worry because we've got you covered because in today's video, we've got the top three most popular portable air conditioners that you can find on the market today. So as to give the home temperatures going from feeling like a furnace to feeling a bit more on the normal side. Starting things off we have the Black and Decker BPA CTS 08 Wt portable air conditioner. With a trusted name like Black and Decker you know you're going to be getting a solid piece of equipment and you can be rest assured that their name translates into the portable air conditioners as well. The Black and Decker portable air conditioner comes packed with a strong 5000 beats use of compact air conditioning all within a convenient 16.5 by 11.5 526 inch machine that will give you cool and comfortable all summer long. There's also an adjustable fan speed. What's cool is the year to 65 degrees Fahrenheit at its coolest setting. Plus there's even a sleep mode that makes it extra quiet while you rest. So no more loud, almost wind turbine like noises like so many other box fans out there. This for standing portable AC unit provides a steady fast and effective cooling for rooms of up to 150 square feet and is the ideal small air conditioner for dorms, apartments, cabins, campers, offices, bedrooms, or even living rooms. Not to mention that it can move from room to room with ease. Just wheel this portable air conditioner into any room with a double hung or sliding window. Then attach the included hose and window adapter and plugging into an outlet. Boom. Now you can finally be as cool as a cucumber without all the hassle of lugging around a massive piece of equipment. Like so many other machines out there, and one summer is finally gone and the Black and Decker portable air conditioner is no longer needed. just unhook and store away neatly in your closet for next summer's big heatwave. The Black and Decker portable air conditioner even combines three energy efficient functions for all of your cooling and ventilation needs with cool fan and dehumidifying modes all in one machine...ran out of the 5k characters limit, sorry guys.. . -DISCLOSURE-. . I am affiliated, with but not sponsored by any product featured in this video. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. The links in the description are my affiliate links which means if you click on one of them and buy the product I’ll receive a small commission. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide product reviews without bias. From the millions of products, I pick the ones I personally have tested and have been highly impressed which I’ll then recommend. This is how I feed my family by making honest and useful reviews so that you can make informed buying decisions. I appreciate your support.. . Hope you enjoyed my Top 3 Portable Air Conditioner Picks | 2023 Review video.. . . . 
In This Article. Cuisinart Vertical Waffle Maker. Cuisinart Round Classic Waffle Maker. Breville Smart 4-Slice Waffle Maker. Calphalon CKCLWF1 Intellicrisp Waffle Maker. Crux Double Rotating Belgian Waffle Maker. Dash Mini Waffle Maker. Breville No-Mess Waffle Maker. Our Favorite. Factors to Consider. What Didn't Make the List. Strong Contenders. Results Still Simmering. Low Performers. Our Expertise.
I got the Cuisinart off amazon and haven't looked back. it cheap and makes some great waffles!edit: they got a few the one I got is the number 2 on this list:   I've never used a fancy one, and I just have the cheap one myself. But my mom got a cheapish one that makes a waffle on both sides, doubling waffle production, which is a pretty stupid thing for any waffle iron *not* to have.  I have a Nordicware waffle iron that you use on a stovetop. It takes up way less space than a dedicated appliance and is super easy to clean, and you can take it camping if you're into that kind of thing. You could also get a cast iron stovetop waffle iron. People seem to like them.
Waffle Maker: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Waffle Maker for sale right now.. ► Links to the Waffle Maker listed in the video ✅. 5️⃣Breville BWM640XL: (Amazon)4️⃣Black+Decker WMB500: (Amazon)3️⃣Hamilton Beach 26009: (Amazon)2️⃣Presto 03510 FlipSide: (Amazon)1️⃣Cuisinart WAF-F20: (Amazon). 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Sometimes, we need our mornings to be extra special, and serving delicious home-cooked waffles is the best way to do it. But we need a reliable waffle maker to turn this breakfast into reality.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Waffle Maker available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . 00:00 Intro: Waffle Maker. 00:365️⃣Breville BWM640XL. 02:404️⃣Black+Decker WMB500. 04:383️⃣Hamilton Beach 26009. 06:312️⃣Presto 03510 FlipSide. 08:301️⃣Cuisinart WAF-F20. . .. ►
iOttie iTap Magnetic 2. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2 Air Vent Mount. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2 CD Slot Mount. Scosche MagicMount Dash. An adjustable adhesive mount for smooth or vertical surfaces. Kenu Airframe Pro. Kenu Airbase Pro. iOttie Easy One Touch Wireless 2 Dash & Windshield Mount. Everything we recommend. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2 Air Vent Mount. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2 CD Slot Mount. Scosche MagicMount Dash. An adjustable adhesive mount for smooth or vertical surfaces. Kenu Airframe Pro. Kenu Airbase Pro. iOttie Easy One Touch Wireless 2 Dash & Windshield Mount. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: iOttie iTap Magnetic 2. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2 Air Vent Mount. iOttie iTap Magnetic 2 CD Slot Mount. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Also great: Scosche MagicMount Dash. Scosche MagicMount Dash. An adjustable adhesive mount for smooth or vertical surfaces. Also great: Kenu Airframe Pro and Airbase Pro. Kenu Airframe Pro. Kenu Airbase Pro. What to look forward to. The competition. Dash/windshield-mounted models with magnetic attachments. Dash/windshield-mounted models with tension arms. Vent-mounted models with magnetic attachments. Vent-mounted models with tension arms. CD-slot–mounted models. Other models. Meet your guides. Further reading. Skip the Spotify Car Thing. Get a Car Phone Mount Instead. Tools and Emergency Supplies to Keep in the Car for Winter Driving.
I highly recommend [ If you have a common phone they probably have a custom mount for it specifically made for your vehicle. The best clamping style phone holder I have used is the RAM mount. Certainly more expensive than what you have looked at, but a minimal vibration mount was a factor as sometimes I like to use my phone to record drives. They even make a tri-suction mount that is super stable.  Ram x-mount with a suction cup base.I bought it for my motorcycle, but use it in cars too. I've had It for 5+ years and it is a tank.  100+mph in open wind and the phone isn't going anywhere. It's not any of the ones you recommended, but we have a [RAM Mount]( in our Jeep Grand Cherokee and it is by far and away the best phone mount I've ever used. I think the way they actually suction the thing to the windshield helps it be incredibly solid, I know they are generally popular within the Jeep community for that reason. I like the method in which it secures the phone too, it's like an X-Grip kinda thing that just clamps onto it pretty easily. Good luck in your search! If you live in a cold climate, stay away from the mounts like number 4 that clip onto the vents. Blasting the heat in the winter can cause some phones to overheat and shutdown.
Best Car Phone Holder Shown in This Video:. . 7. ►VICSEED Car Phone Mount:6. ►Kenu Airframe Pro:5. ►iOttie Easy One Touch 4:4. ►Belkin Car Vent Mount Pro:3. ►Topgo Cell Phone Holder:2. ►RAM Mounts X-Grip:1. ►iOttie Easy One Touch 5:. ------------------------------. Table of Contents:. ------------------------------. . 0:00​​​ -Introduction. 0:47​​​ - 7. VICSEED Car Phone Mount. 2:05​​​ - 6. Kenu Airframe Pro. 3:10​​​ - 5. iOttie Easy One Touch 4. 4:33​​​ - 4. Belkin Car Vent Mount Pro. 5:21 - 3. Topgo Cell Phone Holder. 6:10​​​ - 2. RAM Mounts X-Grip. 7:06​​​ - 1. iOttie Easy One Touch 5. 7:55​​​ - Conclusion. . The best car phone holder is an essential tool if you want to drive safely without losing access to your phone. Even if your car has a modern infotainment system, certain apps on your phone are still worth having — provided they don't distract your attention from the road ahead.. . The best car phone mount holds your phone securely in place, in a spot that is visible without blocking your view of the road ahead. There's never a bad time to pick one up, and there are countless options to suit all manner of needs and preferences.. The best car phone holder is designed to hold your device in the optimum position for safe viewing of the screen while driving. They often attach to your air conditioning vent or have a rubber suction pad for attaching to the windscreen. So, here's what we know about the Best Car Phone Holder in 2023.. . ► Subscribe For More Content (IT'S FREE):. It would make my day if you could also follow me on:. ► Facebook:► Twitter:► Instagram:. ---------------------------------------------------------------. . ► 
Coway Airmega AP-1512HH Mighty. Effective, efficient, and inexpensive. Coway Airmega 200M. Different look, same great performance. Winix 5500-2. Exceptional performance, brutalist design. Exceptional performance, modern style. Blueair Blue Pure 311 Auto. Top performance, pleasing form. Levoit Core 400S. Great performance plus voice control. Blueair Blue Pure 211+. A stellar performer for larger rooms. Levoit Core 300. Small, effective, and attractive. Everything we recommend. Coway Airmega AP-1512HH Mighty. Effective, efficient, and inexpensive. Coway Airmega 200M. Different look, same great performance. Winix 5500-2. Exceptional performance, brutalist design. Exceptional performance, modern style. Blueair Blue Pure 311 Auto. Top performance, pleasing form. Levoit Core 400S. Great performance plus voice control. Blueair Blue Pure 211+. A stellar performer for larger rooms. Levoit Core 300. Small, effective, and attractive. The research. Why you should trust us. How we picked. How we tested. Prior tests. Our pick: Coway Airmega AP-1512HH Mighty. Coway Airmega AP-1512HH Mighty. Effective, efficient, and inexpensive. How the Coway Airmega AP-1512HH Mighty has held up. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Cabiclean HEPA Carbon Replacement Filter Pack. A solid third-party replacement filter set. Durabasics Premium HEPA Air Filters. Another solid third-party replacement filter set. Runner-up: Coway Airmega 200M. Coway Airmega 200M. Different look, same great performance. Also great: Winix 5500-2. Winix 5500-2. Exceptional performance, brutalist design. Also great: Winix AM90. Exceptional performance, modern style. How the Winix AM90 has held up. Also great: Blueair Blue Pure 311 Auto. Blueair Blue Pure 311 Auto. Top performance, pleasing form. How the Blueair Blue Pure 311 Auto has held up. Also great: Levoit Core 400S. Levoit Core 400S. Great performance plus voice control. Upgrade pick: Blueair Blue Pure 211+. Blueair Blue Pure 211+. A stellar performer for larger rooms. Budget pick: Levoit Core 300. Levoit Core 300. Small, effective, and attractive. Other good purifiers for special cases. If you’re concerned about VOCs: Austin Air HealthMate HM400. If you want maximum energy efficiency in a small space: Blueair Blue Pure 411 series. If you want a truly smart air purifier: Mila. A purifier with a built-in wireless charger: Coway Airmega Icon. Great looks without a big price premium: Coway Airmega 240. How HEPA filters work. Molekule: Some of the worst air purifiers we’ve ever tested. Molekule Air Pro: Loud, expensive, but (technically) effective. Molekule Air Mini+: Similar weaknesses in a smaller package. The competition. 2020 and 2019 tests. 2018 and earlier tests. How to set up, use, and maintain your air purifier. Meet your guide. Further reading. How to Get Better Indoor Air Quality. How to DIY an Air Purifier.
I've looked pretty extensively at the best value purifiers in terms of cost to CADR rato and found the winners to be the Coway Mighty AP-1512HH (note: NOT the AirMega) and the Blue air 211+. These models get high ratings from consumer reports and Wirecutter as well. I have 2 of the mighties for our bedrooms and a 211+ for our living room and have been happy with them. I also have a germ guardian AC4825E for extra capacity and something to put in my office if needed. I think it's not quite as good a price ratio but it's still inexpensive and seems to work well.Edit: here is a thread I made about my research easier this year:  We have some winix models that we got from costco. They stay in the bedrooms and run 24-7 for multiple years and seem to work pretty well. I have the Honeywell HPA200 or 250. Got pretty decent reviews on consumer reports and seems to work good enough Alens are great but a bit pricey. work as well but they’re a value option, cost half of an Alen, I have 2 AP-1216 but the air quality sensor never worked, I suspect they don’t have one inside…
2023 UPDATE - Our Best Air Purifiers 2023 video is now live here -. We review 72 different air purifiers at all price points to find the 10 best air purifiers for 2022. What's the best for you home? Find out now!. . 1,000+ Square Feet Coverage. Buy Oransi Mod -(Amazon). Buy Medify MA-112 -(Amazon). Buy Rabbit Air A3 -(Amazon). . 500-1,000 Square Feet Coverage. Buy BlueAir Pure 211+ -(Amazon). Buy Levoit LV-H134 -(Amazon). Buy Dyson Pure Cool DP04 -(Amazon). Buy Pure Cool TP04 -(Amazon). . 250-500 Square Feet Coverage. Buy Winix 5500-2 -(Amazon). Buy Coway 1512HH -(Amazon). . 0-250 Square Feet Coverage. Buy Levoit Core 300S -(Amazon). . Table of Contents. 0:00 Intro. 0:41 How We Test. 3:33 Best Air Purifiers. 3:43 1000+ Sq. Ft.. 8:03 500-1000 Sq. Ft.. 12:29 250-500 Sq. Ft.. 15:01 0-250 Sq. Ft.. 16:35 Replacement Filters. 17:31 Summary. .. . You can see a full list of all air purifiers we've reviewed and tested here -. Connect with us here:. .. Questions or comments? Drop us a comment down below or send us an email here:. .. We are always happy to help!. . Modern Castle is supported by readers. When you buy with our links, we may earn a commission. Click the link below to learn more.. .. Amazon.com Disclosure: As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
In this article:. Tineco Pure One S11. Dyson V15 Detect. Other cordless vacuums with great cleaning power. Tineco A11 Hero. Other cordless vacuum value picks. How we test cordless stick vacuums. Testing cordless vacuums on different flooring. Testing the cleaning ability of each cordless vacuum. Percentage of sand removed. Percentage of rice removed. Other considerations when choosing a cordless stick vacuum. Cordless vacuum battery life and runtime. Cordless vacuum weight, size and bin capacity. Cordless vacuum warranties. Cordless vacuum FAQs. Why you should trust us. More cleaning tips and recommendations.
Bought a Tineco A11 master when it went on sale. Extremely impressed with it. Seemingly well constructed although anything battery operated won’t be BIFL. The soft roller works REALLY well for our hardwood floors  is where to find the answer for this as your question is NOT about lifespan but use case and we have no idea how big your place is and whether you do or do not have carpet.  Vacuums don't care about pets, that's where the marketing teams have snookered consumers.As stated before, the worst type of vacuum is a battery cordless.  Most are filterless.  Most put more dust back into the air as their filtration is terrible.  But if you have a tiny space, their pros may outweigh their cons.  The BEST vacuum will be a corded vacuum that uses bags and has HEPA filtration.  Best brands for those are Miele, Riccar and Simplicity.  If the prices scare you, you can get one for a song at your local vacuum repair store as they often have used one or eBay/craigslist/FB marketplace as not many know those names so they go for cheap. r/vacuumcleaners will be of great service here. They are incredibly knowledgeable. Lindhaus, SEBO and Miele are favorites in the segment. If you really want BIFL, skip the “major” brands and maybe also consider corded (IK IK its less convenient. But batteries *will* fail and will wind up in a landfill) We have two cats and a dog, our Dyson vacuum handles them no problem.
 Best Overall Pick at Amazon:.Best Overall Pick at Amazon:or WalmartBest Overall Pick at Amazon:or WalmartBudget Pick at Amazon:. First Honorable Mention at Amazon:or WalmartSecond Honorable Mention at Amazon:. . Our Favorite Robot Vacuums. -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. . Our Favorite Cordless Vacuums. -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. Our Favorite Upright Vacuums (Corded). -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. Our Favorite Carpet Cleaners. -Premium (Amazon):-Mid-Level (Amazon):-Budget (Amazon):. Web:. Facebook:. Twitter:. Instagram:. Pinterest:. TikTok:.. . Music: Autumn Waves by Rex Banner. . 00:00 Best Cordless Vacuum Cleaner 2022 - Vacuum Wars!. 00:20 Not Sponsored. 00:30 Data Specs. 00:43 Power Tests. 01:11 Debris Pickup. 01:35 Battery . 01:54 Premium Features. 02:11 Handle Weight. 02:25 Filtration. 02:35 More Points. 03:25 Negative Points. 03:35 Budget Pick. 04:02 Overall Pick . 04:26 Overall Pick . 04:37 Overall Pick . 04:46 Honorable Mentions. . On the rare occasion that Vacuum Wars does a sponsored video or receives a product from a manufacturer to review, we will be clear about that in the video. Otherwise, if nothing was mentioned, then this was an unsponsored review. . . We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program as well as the Walmart affiliate program and others. These are affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com, Walmart.com, and affiliated sites. The links are "Genius Links." They give you the opportunity to choose which affiliated retailer you would like to go to when multiple affiliated options are available. In the case of Amazon, Genius links direct you to the Amazon store for your country. For example, if you are from Canada the Genius links will direct you to the Amazon.ca listing instead of the Amazon.com listing.. . In using Genius Links, Vacuum Wars occasionally offers "Choice" pages as a service to our viewers so that they can more easily compare prices, shipping options, and other preferences.As you make your selections, be sure to read the product descriptions carefully.Different retailers may offer models with slightly different specifications or attachments.
Table of Contents. Greenworks Commerical 2500 PSI Brushless Pressure Washer PW-2500C. Ryobi 3000 PSI Brushless Pressure Washer RY143011VNM. Ryobi 40V HP Brushless Whisper Series 2000 PSI Pressure Washer. DeWalt 2100 PSI Jobsite Pressure Washer. Karcher K 2 1700 PSI Pressure Washer Plus Surface Cleaner and Car Car Kit. Greenworks 2300 PSI Pressure Washer with Foam Cannon. More Recommendations from Brands We Trust. Electric Vs Gas Pressure Washer. Comparing PSI and GPM. Pressure Washer Vs Power Cleaner. Why You Can Trust Pro Tool Reviews. Kenny Koehler. Related articles. Ridgid 18V Chainsaw R01101. Buying a Portable Generator – Features to Look For. Be the FIRST to Know About New Tools! Buying Guides. Workwear & Safety. News & Opinion.
Just go gas.  The electricity is coming from burned fuel. Your transportation will likely be gas fueled as well. I'm not trying to be snarky, but the electrics don't put out enough for heavy use.  The majority of pressure washing is for athletic appeal anyway and generally speaking a waste of water.   It's not really a green service to begin with. A sunjoe 2300 psi 1.6 gpm will work fine with 12-14 inch surface cleaners it should be great for whatever your need. We use Mi T M ChoreMaster 1400 on buses and other projects. They also make a 2400 PSI version. You can also just buy the motor/pump set up individually for relatively cheap to make your own setup. With the exception shown below electric is fine for light duty use, but gas is the way to get things done quickly. Even so, you have to find a 220 volt power source and those are hard to come by unless you want to also lug a generator, which is truly pointless.
In today's video, We Reviewed the 5 Best Electric Pressure Washersin the market for this year. We'll compare the different Electric Power Washers and see which one is the best for your needs. We'll also show you how to use the power washer to clean your home cleanly and safely. So if you're looking for the best electric power washer on the market, this video is for you!. . ► Links to the 5 Best Electric Pressure Washers 2023 We listed in this video:. . 5 ► Ryobi 2700 psi 1.1 GPM Brushless Electric Pressure Washer. ✅US & Worldwide Links:. 4 ► Greenworks PRO 2300 PSI TruBrushless Electric Pressure Washer . ✅US & Worldwide Links:. 3 ► Karcher K5 Premium 2000 PSI 1.4 GPM Electric Power Washer. ✅US & Worldwide Links:. 2 ► WHOLESUN WS 3000 Electric Pressure Washer 2.4GPM Power Washer. ✅US & Worldwide Links:. 1 ► Sun Joe SPX3000 2030 Max PSI 1.76 GPM Electric High Pressure Washer. ✅US & Worldwide Links:. ➖➖➖➖➖➖. . 💥Copyright Issue:. If there is any copyright infringement send us an e-mail to: teamforemostlist@gmail.com. © All rights reserved by respective owners.. . ►
Outdoor Security Cameras Overview. A Closer Look at our Top Picks. DIY Monitoring and Installation. About CVR, Do-It-Yourself Monitoring, & Pro Monitoring. Compatibilities. Monitoring Arlo Cameras. Great Selection of Outdoor Cams. Affordable DIY and Pro Monitoring. The Wyze Family. Affordable Cloud Storage and Monitoring. 6. Blink Outdoor -  Most Affordable Outdoor Cameras. Features to Look For. Pricing Rundown. Outdoor Security Camera Methodology. Mobile Application. How To Power Outdoor Security Cameras. Outdoor Security Camera FAQs.
I have a Eufy outdoor camera that I got around Christmas and I've been really pleased with it so far. I'm strongly considering getting more. I'll try to address all your specifics: My model (there are many!) has a built-in motion spotlight that can be turned on or off with the free app. I live in central Virginia and we've gotten some snow and wind with no issues, but nothing quite like what y'all get the northeast, so I can't speak to that. The video quality can be set to 1080p or 2k HD and I think the cost came in somewhere around $130ish. It stores feeds on an SD card (included but can be switched out) that you can watch on your app (via wifi), or I think you can buy a cloud subscription if you want more space (or maybe even monitoring?) You can also download videos on your phone if you want. Continuous recording is an option, but I haven't used it, so you'd have to do some research here if that's what you want. Mine is only set to record when it senses motion. There are different options for what kind of motion to look for (ie people vs pets) and you can also use the app to manually set the area you want it to pay attention to. Bonus is that it has a microphone, a speaker, and an alarm, so you can speak to people through it and also set off an alarm from your phone if you want.The only negatives are that I've had some false alerts when the wind is really whipping around my potted lemon tree (but I could fix that in the app if I was less lazy) and there have been a few times it hasn't picked up motion that was very quick (like a delivery person tossing a package on my porch). It hasn't bothered me enough to adjust any settings though. Hope that helps! I use lorex cameras for my security system since it does not have a subscription. I haven't bought the night vision cameras yet since my house has good lights around it. But the system is great and the app is easy to use to check on what the cameras detected as motion. I have wyze cameras indoor, and love them. If you are going to get one for the outdoors get the Wyze 3. Its made for outdoor environments and is a bargain of a price. Looking to get some myself soon. I also really like Eufy also. I have thier doorbell and smart lock. Love both. Not cheap, but Ubiquiti's Unifi line has a pretty slick system  slowly integrating them, but it helps that I was already using their UDMP router that has the DVR functionality built in. Wyze is a popular newer brand of smart home security devices. I’ve never used their outdoor products, but they have a rather dedicated following and reasonable prices.
Links to the Best Outdoor Security Cameras 2023 are listed below. At Valid Consumer, we've researched the Best Outdoor Security Cameras 2023 on Amazon saving you time and money.. . ► 5. Blink Outdoor -► 4. Wyze Cam v3 -► 3. Arlo Pro 4 -► 2. Google Nest Cam Battery -► 1. Eufy eufyCam 3 -. 🎁 With Amazon Prime, shipping is FREE! Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL by signing up here 👉. -------------------------------------. . If you found this video useful, please like it 👍.. Share it with someone who needs to see it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE: . -------------------------------------. . - ABOUT THIS VIDEO -. Give no justification for a guest to look about your house. A trustworthy exterior security camera that records activities whether you are present or not can readily stop crimes like burglary or porch pirating. When they are placed around the house in strategic locations from higher viewpoints, they are much more useful. Even exterior cameras that are great for backyard outings and ones that can keep an eye on your house even when the power goes out are available.. . Numerous home security cameras, including night vision and waterproof variants as well as more expensive, more secure models, have all been examined by us.. . .. -------------------------------------. . - DISCLOSURE -. I am affiliated, but not sponsored by, any of the products mentioned in this video. The links in the description are affiliate links, which means that if you click on one of them and purchase the product, I'll get a little compensation. Because I am not sponsored, I am free to express my own thoughts and provide unbiased product reviews. From among the millions of products available, I select those that I have personally examined and found to be highly satisfactory, and which I will immediately recommend. This is how I feed my family: by making honest and helpful reviews that allow you to make informed purchasing decisions. I appreciate your help.. . Hope you enjoyed my Best Outdoor Security Cameras 2023 video.. . Video Link: 
Notable Mentions. Recent Updates. All Reviews.
Actually, yes you have plenty of options. If you want the best sounding closed back wireless headphones without ANC, the $380 (on sale) Drop THX Panda is a great choice. They use planar drivers and have THX's AAA amp technology. It has LDAC for semi-lossless streaming. If you have an iPhone LDAC does not matter, it does not support it. If you don't mind open back, the HiFiMan Deva for $300 is an excellent choice. I had the drop wired version, the HE-5XX and they sounded awesome except for a slight treble distortion at high volumes. This also has LDAC. If you wanted to go cheaper, the AKG K361BT is a good option for about $100-ish. It does not have LDAC. If you needed ANC, one of the best sounding options is the Sennheiser Momentum 3 Wireless for $350 (on sale). I'd say bowers & Wilkins. They cost more than XM4 or Bose 700, but imo are worth it.
Top 5: Best Bluetooth Headphones. . Amazon Links. 1- Jabra Elite 85h2-Sony WH-1000XM43-Edifier Stax Spirit S34-Sony WH-CH5105-Sennheiser Momentum 4 Wireless. Time Stamps. 0:00 Intro. 0:18 Jabra Elite 85h. 1:34 Sony WH-1000XM4. 3:03 Edifier Stax Spirit S3. 4:29 Sony WH-CH510. 5:40 Sennheiser Momentum 4 Wireless. .
Straight to the Point. The Winners, at a Glance. Presto Electric Tilt-N-Fold Griddle. Presto 22-Inch Electric Griddle. BraveTart's Favorite Electric Griddle. Broil King PCG-10 Professional Portable Nonstick Griddle. Lodge Cast Iron Reversible Grill/Griddle. The Criteria: What We Look for in a Great Electric Griddle. The Testing. Test 1: Cooking Pancakes. Test 2: Cooking Bacon. Test 3: Cooking Burgers. How We Chose Our Winners. Presto Electric Tilt-N-Fold Griddle. Presto 22-Inch Electric Griddle. Broil King PCG-10 Professional Portable Nonstick Griddle. Lodge Cast Iron Reversible Grill/Griddle. The Competition.
It’s okay if you don’t have a stove. But egriddles are like a large nonstick pan with a grease trap, so they get really dirty. Hopefully you are very good at cleaning appliances I love mine. I use it to cook pancakes, six at a time. I can do bacon on one side and fried eggs on the other, or a big mess of hashbrowns. Great for smashburgers too.I don't have a problem keeping it clean. The coating is really good at staying nonstick, I just don't use metal utensils on it at all. Wipe it down with warm water then dry.I haven't used it for grilled cheese, but it would be good for that too. Cuisinart Griddler.  It is not a one trick pony.  You can do lots of things with it and even get waffle plates for it.   I use mine for things like grilled cheese and tuna melts and waffles but it can do so much more. For me, a frying pan is more convenient than a griddle unless I'm making pancakes.  (Easier to store, easier to clean, ect.)  My mother used a griddle and an electric frying pan for all manner of meals, but she was cooking for five, so the larger surface let her do that without cooking in batches.  I suspect restaurants have them for the same reason - it lets you cook a ton of portions on one surface and cuts down on what you have to clean afterwards.  Your mileage may vary. Due to the fire hazards, I'm not allowed to operate a gas or charcoal grill on my deck at the condo where I live. I ended up buying a small Hamilton Beach electric grill (no griddle) for the occasional burgers or steaks/chicken, and it really does a great job! Grill marks are nice, grease/fat drains into a tray underneath, and it easily disassembles for cleaning. I scored it fairly cheaply (around $30 US), and I'm happy with it after a year!
Equipment expert Adam Ried shows Julia his top pick of electric griddles.. . Buy our winning electric griddle:. ABOUT US: Located in Boston’s Seaport District in the historic Innovation and Design Building, America's Test Kitchen features 15,000 square feet of kitchen space including multiple photography and video studios. It is the home of Cook’s Illustrated magazine and Cook’s Country magazine and is the workday destination for more than 60 test cooks, editors, and cookware specialists. Our mission is to test recipes over and over again until we understand how and why they work and until we arrive at the best version.. . If you like us, follow us:.
Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy NS-ZCC10. Cuckoo CRP-P1009SW 10-Cup Electric Pressure Rice Cooker. Hamilton Beach Rice and Hot Cereal Cooker. A speedy, affordable cooker. Everything we recommend. Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy NS-ZCC10. Cuckoo CRP-P1009SW 10-Cup Electric Pressure Rice Cooker. Hamilton Beach Rice and Hot Cereal Cooker. A speedy, affordable cooker. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should get this. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy NS-ZCC10. Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy NS-ZCC10. How the Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy has held up. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Upgrade pick: Cuckoo CRP-P1009S. Cuckoo CRP-P1009SW 10-Cup Electric Pressure Rice Cooker. How the Cuckoo CRP-P1009 has held up. Budget pick: Hamilton Beach Rice and Hot Cereal Cooker. Hamilton Beach Rice and Hot Cereal Cooker. A speedy, affordable cooker. The case for stovetop rice. Care and maintenance. A note on rice varieties and textures. Other good rice cookers. The competition. Teflon-free options. Meet your guides. Further reading. Why We Love the Cuckoo Rice Cooker.
Zojirushi induction rice cookers will make the best rice. But they are EXPENSIVE. I wouldn't think twice about replacing it if I had to though.With that said, for something under $50, I'd get a Tiger brand one. Reliable, consistent, works great. Zojirushi. Love mine
With so many options on the market, which one is best? We cooked 50 batches of rice to find out. Equipment expert Adam Ried shares with host Julia Collin Davison his top picks for rice cookers. . . Buy the winning Zojirushi 5.5 Cup Rice Cooker:. Buy the Toshiba 6 Cup Rice Cooker:Zojirushi 3-Cup Rice Cooker:Read our rice cooker review:. ABOUT US: Located in Boston’s Seaport District in the historic Innovation and Design Building, America's Test Kitchen features 15,000 square feet of kitchen space including multiple photography and video studios. It is the home of Cook’s Illustrated magazine and Cook’s Country magazine and is the workday destination for more than 60 test cooks, editors, and cookware specialists. Our mission is to test recipes over and over again until we understand how and why they work and until we arrive at the best version.. . If you like us, follow us:.
An Eco-Friendly Charger. A 3-in-1 MagSafe Charger. A 3-in-1 Stand for Older iPhones. A Wooden Pad. A Linen Dual Charger. A Hybrid Charger. A Lamp With Wireless Charging. An Invisible Charger. For Samsung Galaxy Farers. A Charger and Headphone Stand. A Marble Charger. For PC Gamers. For Nintendo Fans. A Wireless Battery. Honorable Mentions. Your Charging Questions, Answered. WIRED COUPONS.
Get the original pixel stand. You should be able to get it for less than $30. I used it with my 4xl and now with my 6pro, without any issues. Doesn't support max charging speeds of the 6pro but I haven't found that to be an issue for me since I charge once a day over night.Edit. Doesn't I got the Anker. It works fine. I actually have three. One on my nightstand, one on my office desk, and one in my overnight bag. I use this one with success, good luck in your research!iOttie iON Wireless Duo 10W Stand + 10W Pad Qi-Certified Charger Compatible with iPhone and Samsung Galaxy | Includes Power Cable & Adapter | Light Grey 
Wireless Charger: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Wireless Charger for sale right now.. ► Amazon Affiliates links to the Wireless Charger listed in the video ✅. 00:00 Intro. 00:28 5️⃣ INIU WI-211:02:01 4️⃣ Belkin BoostCharge:03:46 3️⃣ SAMSUNG KZ-02:05:15 2️⃣ Anker PowerWave Pad:07:01 1️⃣ Anker PowerWave Stand:. 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ********************************************************************. If you found this video valuable, give it a like 👍.. If you know someone who needs to see it, share it.. Leave a comment below with your thoughts.. AND PLEASE SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE:********************************************************************. . ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. A Wireless Charger makes a perfect addition to any office to reduce desk clutter and for home use or anyone needing to charge devices on the go. Furthermore, they will keep your phone charged in a safe and reliable way. There are a few things to look for in a Wireless Charger; speed, efficiency, wattage, and features. So watch this video to find one suited to your needs.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Wireless Charger available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . .. ►
Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. Kitchen + Dining. Tech + Electronics. Kids + Babies. Gift Guides. Including Shiatsu massage pillows, percussive massage guns, and a full-on massage chair cover. In this article. What we’re looking for. Type of massager. Multispeed and multifunction. Some more tools for back pain we’ve written about. Our experts. get the strategist newsletter. Deal of the Day. Micro Sales. Greatest Hits. Most Viewed Stories. Greatest Hits. Today's Top Clicked. Related Stories.
The theragun is designed for the user to use it on themselves. I recommend it. I bought something else and it's best to use on others so learn from my mistake. The shiatsu back massager. Aaammmaaaazing, hits the knots Hitachi Magic Wand? The thumper. This one works great for me
Neck and Back Massager: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Neck and Back Massager for sale right now.. ► Affiliate links to the Neck and Back Massager listed in the video ✅. 5️⃣ Zyllion ZMA-13: (Amazon)4️⃣ Nektek LMS-801: (Amazon)3️⃣ RESTECK BD1041: (Amazon)2️⃣ Snailax SLUS-233: (Amazon)1️⃣ COMFIER: (Amazon). . 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. . ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Neck and Back Massagers are brilliant devices for relieving knots and stress from your body, and they improve your health and wellbeing without breaking the bank. When looking to buy a Neck and Back Massager, there are a few things to consider; size, customization, comfort, and features. So keep watching to find out which one is suited to your needs.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Neck and Back Massager available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . 00:00 Intro: Neck and Back Massager. 00:26 5️⃣ Zyllion ZMA-13. 01:57 4️⃣ Nektek LMS-801. 03:27 3️⃣ RESTECK BD1041. 05:06 2️⃣ Snailax SLUS-233. 07:01 1️⃣ COMFIER. . .. ►
More From Vetted. A Humble But Mighty Winner Of A Device. RCA Compact Refrigerator. A Pint-Sized Wonder With Just Enough Space. Magic Chef Freezerless Mini Fridge. A Stunner With An Energy-Efficient Interior And Cool Lighting. Smeg Mini Refrigerator. A Compact Model That Can Hold A Few Pints Of Ice Cream. Midea 3.1 Cubic Feet Compact Refrigerator. A Must-Have For Beverage Lovers. Homelabs Beverage Refrigerator And Cooler. A Sleek-Looking Device With Rave Reviews. Kuppet Wine Cooler/Fridge. The Cutest Mini Fridge On Our List. Cooluli Classic Compact Cooler/Warmer Mini Fridge. A Beauty Guru’s Secret Weapon. Finishing Touch Flawless Mini Beauty Fridge.

Top 5 BEST Mini Fridge of [2022]. . ➜ Links to the best Mini Fridges 2022 we listed in this video:. . ►US Links◄. ➜ 5. Galanz Retro Compact Refrigerator -. ➜ 4. Cooluli Mini Fridge -. ➜ 3. Black+Decker Compact Refrigerator -. ➜ 2. Arctic King 2-Door Mini Fridge -. ➜ 1. Midea Compact Refrigerator -. -------------------------------------. ►UK Links◄ . ➜ 5. Galanz Retro Compact Refrigerator -. ➜ 4. Cooluli Mini Fridge -. ➜ 3. Black+Decker Compact Refrigerator -. ➜ 2. Arctic King 2-Door Mini Fridge -. ➜ 1. Midea Compact Refrigerator -. -------------------------------------. ►CA Links◄. ➜ 5. Galanz Retro Compact Refrigerator -. ➜ 4. Cooluli Mini Fridge -. ➜ 3. Black+Decker Compact Refrigerator -. ➜ 2. Arctic King 2-Door Mini Fridge -. ➜ 1. Midea Compact Refrigerator -. . We have just laid out the top 5 best mini fridges 2022. In 5th place is the Galanz Retro Compact Refrigerator, our pick for the best design mini fridge. In 4th place is the Cooluli Mini Fridge, our pick for the best portable mini fridge. In 3rd place is the Black+Decker Compact Refrigerator, our pick for the best compact mini fridge. In 2nd place is the Arctic King 2-Door Mini Fridge, our pick for the best runner-up mini fridge. In 1st place is the Midea Compact Refrigerator, our pick for the best overall mini fridge. . . . DISCLOSURE: Some of the links on this page are affiliate links, meaning, at no additional cost to you, I may earn a commission if you click through and make a purchase. Affiliate commissions help fund videos like this one.
1. Google Nest Hub (2nd Gen). 2. Amazon Echo Show 10 (3rd Gen). 3. Amazon Echo Show 8 (2nd Gen). 4. Google Nest Hub Max. 5. Amazon Echo Show 5 (2nd Gen). 6. Amazon Echo Show 15. 7. Lenovo Smart Clock 2. 8. Facebook Portal. Be In the Know.
Amazon Echo Show 8 (2nd Gen, 2021 Release). Google Nest Hub (2nd Gen). Amazon Echo Show 5 (2nd Gen, 2021 Release). Amazon Echo Show 10 3rd Gen. Google Nest Hub Max. Amazon Echo Show 15. Amazon Echo Show 8 (2nd Gen, 2021 Release). Why We Picked It. Who It's For. Google Nest Hub (2nd Gen). Why We Picked It. Who It's For. Amazon Echo Show 5 (2nd Gen, 2021 Release). Why We Picked It. Who It's For. Amazon Echo Show 10 3rd Gen. Why We Picked It. Who It's For. Google Nest Hub Max. Why We Picked It. Who It's For. Amazon Echo Show 15. Why We Picked It. Who It's For. Amazon Alexa and Echo Show Smart Displays: What You Should Know. Tablet Alternatives: Amazon Fire Tablets and Show Mode. Google Assistant and Google Nest Hub: What You Should Know. Recommended by Our Editors. Dig Deeper With Related Stories. PCMag Stories You’ll Like. About Will Greenwald. Honest, Objective, Lab-Tested Reviews.
Google Nest Hub (2nd gen). Amazon Echo Show 8 (2nd gen). Amazon Echo Show 10 (3rd gen). Smart displays let Amazon, Facebook, Google show you answers to your questions. Smart display comparison.
TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug Slim (EP25P4). Wyze Plug Outdoor. ConnectSense Smart Outlet 2. D-Link mydlink Outdoor Wi-Fi Smart Plug (DSP-W320). Emporia Smart Plug. TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Power Strip HS300. TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug Mini EP10. Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug-In Dimmer (KP-405). Amazon Smart Plug. Wemo Wi-Fi Smart Outdoor Plug. TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug Slim (EP25P4). Bottom Line:. Wyze Plug Outdoor. Bottom Line:. ConnectSense Smart Outlet 2. Bottom Line:. D-Link mydlink Outdoor Wi-Fi Smart Plug (DSP-W320). Bottom Line:. Emporia Smart Plug. Most Affordable Plug for Energy Usage Reports. Bottom Line:. TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Power Strip HS300. Bottom Line:. Most Affordable Indoor Plug. Bottom Line:. TP-Link Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Plug Mini EP10. Bottom Line:. Kasa Smart Wi-Fi Outdoor Plug-In Dimmer (KP-405). Bottom Line:. Amazon Smart Plug. Bottom Line:. Wemo Wi-Fi Smart Outdoor Plug. Bottom Line:. Recommended by Our Editors. Dig Deeper With Related Stories. PCMag Stories You’ll Like. About Alex Colon. About Angela Moscaritolo. Honest, Objective, Lab-Tested Reviews.
I use zooz power strips for years without issue. I am using [Geeni Surge]( from Harbor Freight.  You have to flash it with ESPHOME by taking the [strip apart and hooking up a UART]( added config:u/poldim here is my ESPHome config:`esphome:`    `name: powerstrip`    `platform: ESP8266`    `board: esp01_1m`    `comment: "Geeni Surge 6 Port Power Strip"`    `<<: !include templates/common.yaml`    `# Geeni Surge - 6 Port Powerstrip configuration`  `switch:`    `- platform: gpio`  `pin: 15`  `name: "Relay 1"`    `- platform: gpio`  `pin: 13`  `name: "Relay 2"`    `- platform: gpio`  `pin: 12`  `name: "Relay 3"`    `- platform: gpio`  `pin: 14`  `name: "Relay 4"`    `- platform: gpio`  `pin: 4`  `name: "Relay 5"`    `- platform: gpio`  `pin: 5`  `name: "Relay 6"`  `binary_sensor:`    `- platform: gpio`  `pin:`  `number: 16`  `inverted: true`  `mode:`  `input: true`  `name: "WiFi Button"`      `# Dimmable Blue WiFi Button Light`  `light:`    `- platform: monochromatic`  `name: "Blue LED"`  `output: output_blueled`    `# Blue LED WiFi Button Output configuration`  `output:`    `- platform: esp8266_pwm`  `id: output_blueled`  `pin:`  `number: 0`  `inverted: true` Can't you just use an autoswitching powerstrip? It has a primary socket where you connect the TV and secondary sockets for other devices. When the TV turns on it gives power to the secondary devices, when it turns off it cuts power to them. You can find dumb ones, but I also built one using a Shelly 2.5 (you can use any multiple relay controller with power measurement on at least one output). I have a Lidl powerstrip which works fine, if you have access to Lidl I use the kasa smart strips alot, they work great, are local. The usbs are not controllable sadly[Kasa Kp303 3 outlet]( HS300 6 outlet]( you want one cheaper, I also use the gosund ones alot with local tuya, they also work great, and the usbs are controllable as a group that's the advantage to this one[Gosund/Ghome](
I picked up 8 different smart power bars, power strips, and surge protectors.Then I tested each of them for at least 2 months and created both a spreadsheet and a full comparison review video for you!However, these smart power bars disappear from the market all the time so I'm also preparing you with knowledge so you can make the right choice forever going forward.. . After today's video, you'll be able to pick the best smart power bar or best smart surge protector for you and your situation!. . Today's video has the best smart power bar with USB ports, the best smart power bar without USB ports, the best smart surge protector, and the best smart power strip.Also, I'll show you the worst so you don't buy the wrong one!. . Get our free comparison spreadsheet here:. Links to Smart Power Bars (Amazon affiliate links). TP-Link Kasa Smart Plug Power Strip KP303 -Meross Smart WiFi Power Strip MSS425F -Yolink Power Strip -Globe Electric WiFi Smart 4 Outlet Surge Protector -APC Smart WiFi Surge Protector with USB -JolyJoy WiFi Smart Power Strip -. Other links - . Teckin Power Strip -Meross' website has great deals -(affiliate link). Enbrighten Surge Protector -. Want Easy and Reliable WiFi? Watch this:. Timecodes for today's video:. 00:00 - 8 Smart Power Bars Compared. 0:54 - The YoLink Power Strip Review. 2:26 - Teckin Power Strip Review. 3:46 - APC Smart WiFi Power Bar Review. 4:49 - TP-Link Kasa KP303 Power Bar Review. 6:00 - JolyJoy Smart Power Strip Review. 7:18 - Globe Electric Smart WiFi Power Bar Review. 8:24 - Meross Smart WiFi Power Strip Review. 9:37 - Jasco Enbrighten WiFi Power Bar Review. 10:50 - Best Smart Power Bar For Power and Protection. 12:56 - Worst Smart Power Bar for Power and Protection. 13:25 - Best Smart Power Bar For Connectivity. 15:38 - Worst Smart Power Bar For Connectivity. 16:27 - Worst Smart Power Bar Design. 17:56 - Best Smart Power Bar Design. 19:03 - Best Smart Power Bar For Google Home. 19:56 - Best Smart Power Bar For Amazon Alexa. 21:04 - Best Smart Power Bar With Samsung SmartThings. 22:01 - Best Smart Power Bar With Apple HomeKit. 22:30 - The Best Overall Smart Power Bar. . Subscribe to Take The Frustration Out Of Automation:. Join our Patreon Group to get direct access to me (and for even deeper content):. Get in touch with us through the About Page on YouTube, or at automatelife.net.See my Statement of Ethics here:. Automate Your Life is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com and other Amazon websites.. . Thanks for watching, and Don't Hate, Automate.. . Brian
Ryobi 18V One+ Performance Hand Vacuum Kit. A great all-purpose hand vacuum. Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean+ HHVK515JP07. A great hand vacuum for people with pets. Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean CHV1410L. For quick and easy cleanup. Everything we recommend. Ryobi 18V One+ Performance Hand Vacuum Kit. A great all-purpose hand vacuum. Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean+ HHVK515JP07. A great hand vacuum for people with pets. Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean CHV1410L. For quick and easy cleanup. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. Ryobi 18V One+ Performance Hand Vacuum Kit. A great all-purpose hand vacuum. Flaws but not dealbreakers. A great car vacuum for pet owners: Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean+ HHVK515JP07. Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean+ HHVK515JP07. A great hand vacuum for people with pets. A reliable budget handheld vacuum: Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean CHV1410L. Black+Decker Dustbuster AdvancedClean CHV1410L. For quick and easy cleanup. Other good handheld vacuums. The competition. Mini handheld vacuums. Standard handheld vacuums. Care and maintenance. Meet your guide. Further reading.
**Post Type: Purchase Advice (U.S.)**If you haven't already, please edit your post to include:* Budget* Flooring types & other cleaning needsThank you for visiting /r/VacuumCleaners. To get the most out of your post, be sure it follows the post guidelines on the sidebar. This comment will include information on some frequently discussed topics just in case your post pertains to them. Otherwise, feel free to ignore the below links.**Helpful Links:**[Recommended Vacuum Cleaners (U.S. Market, May 2021)]( the Right Type of Vacuum (Flow Chart) - **IF YOU'RE NEW, START HERE**]( Canister Guide (U.S. Market, May 2020)]( between SEBO Felix, SEBO Dart, and Karcher CV300]( to Canister Tools: Suction-Only, Combo, Turbine/Turbo and Electric/Power/Motorized Nozzles]( by /r/VacuumCleaners Users]( am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/VacuumCleaners) if you have any questions or concerns.* The BLACK+DECKER I got last year is a small little beast and it's the top seller on this category for a good reasonedit: sorry the exact model is the number 2 here: [ I had a shark break a few years back. The local vacuum repair shop I took it to told me they can almost never fix sharks because they apparently don't make or sell spare parts. This may have changed but that is my experience with Shark. A simplicity Jill would work the best. You can buy a “WesselWerk pt160” at Walmart (online) for $20, that will help with upholstery dog hair.
Duraflame 3D Infrared Electric Fireplace Stove. R.W.FLAME 50-Inch Electric Fireplace. Walker Edison Glenwood Highboy Fireplace TV Stand. PuraFlame Western Electric Fireplace Insert. Real Flame Silverton 48 in. Electric Fireplace. Dimplex SIL48 Sierra 48 in. Wall/Built-in Linear Electric Fireplace. Napoleon 50-inch Clearion Elite See-Thru Electric Fireplace. Touchstone Sideline Outdoor 50-inch Electric Fireplace. Touchstone Sideline Elite Smart Electric Fireplace. What to Look for in an Electric Fireplace. Ease of Use. More from The Spruce.
If it's only for ambiance, use a TV and stream the various fireplaces on YouTube, Amazon, etc. It'll look better than any janky fake fireplace.You could even build an enclosure or frame for it with a mantle. Touchstone 80036 - Sideline Elite...  got this one because i also didn't need the heat and just wanted the look.my project: can build this into anything you want.  You can use the plug wired provided or remove it and hard wire to the fireplace.  It's 0 clearance so you just frame around it and they have good instructions on how it should be framed. I went with an Amantii bespoke and put a faux mantle above it. I had someone put outlets and conduit to bookshelves behind the TV tho. I got this one:  Duraflame DFI-5010-01 Electric Infrared Quartz Fireplace Stove with 3D Flame Effect, Black  does have a heater, which I need and you don't, but I was also prioritizing the most realistic flame. I have guests touch it to see if it's warm/the flame is real all the time. Check out the videos in the Amazon listing and reviews.  Just don't pay that absurd $300 price-I think I paid closer to half that at BJs.
NEW UPDATED REVIEW WITH NEW MODELS:. . . . . Shop Electric Fireplaces here:. Amazon Links: CAMERA USED IN THIS VIDEO:(Paid Link). GIMBLE USED IN THIS VIDEO:(Paid Link). . We’re ranking Trevor’s Top 5 Electric Fireplaces!. . All of our electric fireplaces are of the highest quality brands. Trevor breaks down each fire place and what he likes about them and some of the draw backs.All of these electric fire places are amazing! Choosing the right one will depend on your personal needs. Watch our video and leave a comment letting us know what you think!. . . Honorable Mention - Amantii Bespoke 2:17.-PROS: Flame pattern, different size options, Warranty..-CONS: none..- European Home Linnea 4:20.-PROS: Best log sets, color LED options, APP controlled..-CONS: 12 inches depth for install..- Modern Flames Landscape Pro Series 8:34.-PROS: Different depths, flame pattern, no reflection..-CONS: none..- Dimplex Opti-Myst Series 14:38.-PROS: Different size options, realistic looking fire..-CONS: No heater, need air access. .- Netzero 20:31.-PROS: Flame pattern, different size options, Warranty.-CONS: Price, no blower..- Dimplex Ignite Series26:11.-PROS: Best warranty support, Performance, heater included..-CONS: none.. . . Other Video Links:.(DIMPLEX INSTALL).(Amantii bespoke).mist).( what’s in an electric fire place). . . . Don’t forget if you’re in the Denver, Colorado Area visit our showroom today.. . Follow us on social media!. Tiktok: @embers_living. Facebook: Embers Fireplaces and Outdoor Living. Instagram: @embersliving. .. Embers Living . 7705 W 108th Ave . Westminster, CO 80021. (303) 800-5659
In this article:. TP-Link RE605X. Linksys RE7310. A solid second choice. TP-Link RE220. Other extenders worth considering. D-Link EaglePro AI. Asus RP-AX56. Great performance (with a big caveat). Netgear Nighthawk X4S (EX7500). Great ease-of-use, so-so performance, poor value. D-Link DAP-X1870. Wait for a sale. TP-Link RE505X. Solid performance for the price. How we test Wi-Fi extenders and signal boosters. Testing Wi-Fi extenders in the CNET Smart Home. Running the range test. Wi-Fi extender test results for 2022. Affordable Wi-Fi booster picks. Other things to consider. Wi-Fi range extender FAQs. More internet advice.
If you have some way to get a wire into your end of the apartment do that. Otherwise, it's worth a try. Amazon should be pretty easy to return if it doesn't work. Sometimes they do work, sometimes they don't, really depends on how the wiring is done. If the plugs are on the same circuit, your throughput should technically be better. But if they aren't, it might not work at all, or it might be fine. I saw speeds doubled in my case when I used one. So, that was great.Edit: Wi-Fi extenders suck. I was actually recommending Ethernet over power adapters. I have a lot of experience with wireless of all varieties.  Around 17 years in total.  I am also certified with wireless technology.Extenders are 100% not worth it.  They will be reliable for 1-2 hours, if you are lucky, then they'll become problematic - and it just gets worse from there.One of the key reasons is that wireless broadcasting devices & extenders/repeaters from different companies do not work well together at all - that is very much by unspoken design.  A Netgear device will work reasonably well with another Netgear device.  A Linksys device with a Netgear device will be an endless headache with no resolution.  Netgear wants you to only buy their stuff, and Linksys only wants you to buy their stuff - so, they design their products to meet the criteria of 'wireless extenders' but not in regards to it working with another vendor.There are devices that plug into the wall sockets (powerline adapters) that will act as a 'wired' solution.  They are terrible and unreliable.  You cannot plug them into a surge protector as the ethernet traffic is seen as power fluctuations (ie. surge) and the surge protector will block/negate those signals.  Because of this, you are forced to plug them into the wall.  Any power surge or dip you get - those devices take the hit and fail.You could setup a 'mesh' network (if all of your devices support it and are from the same vendor) and those do tend to be semi-reliable, but your bandwidth is limited and any use of a microwave near or in between that wireless signal will cause the wireless to be useless as long as the microwave is in use.  This is because 'mesh' devices use 2.4GHz to communicate to each other and microwaves also use 2.4GHz.  Your device using 5GHz means nothing at this time, as the 2 'mesh' devices are not using 5GHz to talk to each other.So, if it were my situation...  Get a flat ethernet cable (Cat6 or similar) and run that cable along the walls in the corner.  The flat cables are very thin and are easy to 'hide' if you get the same color as the wall.  Ideally you'd run that flat cable directly to your PC.  If other people want to leverage it, get a small network switch (5 port or whatever is reasonable) along with a wireless access point (make sure it has Wifi5 [802.11ac aka wireless AC]).  Setup this wireless access point with the same SSID (name) and password as the device on the other side of the apartment, then run a cable from the switch to your PC.The reason for giving the wireless access point the same name & password = any device that is moving around (phone, tablet, laptop) will 'hop' from that wireless access point to the device on the other side of the apartment on their own - whichever has a better signal is the device that will be used.  And no, there is absolutely no issue with giving the wireless on 2 devices (wireless router & wireless access point) with the same info (SSID & Password).  I have done this is in professional environments with 30 wireless access points that covered 60,000sqft.
👉5 - TP-Link RE220 -👉4 - Verratek DB1200 -👉3 - TP-Link RE650 -👉2 -Linksys RE9000 Wi-Fi Range Extender -👉1 - Netgear Nighthawk EAX80 -. Wi-Fi extenders offer a convenient way to supercharge your network and boost your signal throughout your home. There are several interesting options to choose from, and each is designed for specific purposes, so it’s best to do some research before taking the plunge. . . In this video, we’ll be comparing the 5 Best Wi-Fi Extenders that are designed for different kinds of users. We will take into account performance, features, and price; so you can decide which is best for you. All the products on our list were selected based on their own inherent strengths and features.. . We’ll be comparing the TP-Link RE220, Verratek DB1200, the TP-Link RE650, the Linksys RE9000 Wi-Fi Range Extender, and the Netgear Nighthawk EAX80; which are all great options if you’re in the market for a Wi-Fi Extender.. . We’ll break down which Wi-Fi Extender is best for you, and what you can expect to get in return for your money. We’ll help you decide if one of the models on our list seems like a great purchase.. . 0:00 - Intro. 0:28 - TP-Link RE220. 2:23 - Verratek DB1200. 4:20 - TP-Link RE650. 6:17 - Linksys RE9000 Wi-Fi Range Extender. 8:22 - Netgear Nighthawk EAX80. 10:31 - Conclusion. . . . . . 
Hidrate Spark STEEL Smart Water Bottle. ICEWATER 3-in-1 Smart Water Bottle. Larq Self-Cleaning Water Bottle. CrazyCap UV Water Purifier & Bottle. Gatorade Smart Gx Bottle. Ultimaxx Vacuum Insulated Water Bottle. Monos Kiyo UVC Bottle. Tylt Smart Water Bottle. Philips Water GoZero Self-Cleaning Smart Water Bottle. What to Look For in Smart Water Bottles. Smart Features. Frequently Asked Questions. Why Trust Verywell Fit.
"Sorry I'm late, I had to do a firmware update on my water bottle" I've had two Spark bottles now (the original and this model) because I'm notoriously bad at staying hydrated. They work well. I like that it adjusts your water goal based on your activity and the current weather. If it's hotter and/or you're more active, it will increase your goal automatically. I tend to use it in conjunction with WaterMinder because then I can track other liquids aside from water.  As I mentioned,  being bad at drinking water, the reminders don't work all that well for me, BUT other people usually comment on why my water bottle is suddenly attempting to start a dance party with its light show which usually sparks (no pun intended) a conversation about my water bottle and I remember to take a drink. As far as quality, it keeps water cold for a while, more so than most of my other bottles so it's actually a decent bottle.  The one downside is you have to remember to charge it, and that's why it's been sitting in my house unused for a while. Have had one for a year now -- it's neat but if I ever lost or broke it, I wouldn't replace it. 80$ for a water bottle? In this economy? sheesh You can buy directly from HidrateSpark and it still works with Apple Health. They are also constantly on sale. It may seem like a silly product to some, but it actually is helpful. The glow is a reminder that you are not drinking enough water for the day. Also just a very solid water bottle. I love mine.
8 Best Smart Water Bottles for All-Day Hydration in 2022 | Apple Smart water Bottle Hidrate Spark 3✅. . 1.Crazy Cap 2 : .Buy on amazon :. 2.EQUA.Buy on amazon:. 3.Hidrate spark pro .Buy on amazon :. 4.Larq .Buy on amazon :. 5.Lifefuels.. 6.Trago.. 7.Auron.. 8.Level up way Glass .. ❤❤❤❤ Thanks For You Watching and supporting us!. All videos contain information about Gadgets ,Science and technology which is hard to not get satisfied while watching. 😍. * Please Like, share and subscribe my channel!. - Watch, rate, share and Comment your favorite on best technical videos. - Leave a like if you enjoyed and tell me what you think in the comments!. * Please, support the original creators. All credits are there in description box of the video .. - None of these images, music & video clips were created/owned by us. . - This video is purely fan-made, if you (owners) want to remove this video, please contact me through the YouTube private messaging system. We will respectfully remove it.❤❤❤❤. If you liked our work, please donate us on Patreon.. Patreon:. . Channel link -subscribe - . . facebook -. Twitter-. Google+-. Pinterest -. . Blogger -. Instagram -. . smart bottle,smart water bottles,2022,apple,apple smart water bottle,hydration,futuristic water bottle,bottle,hidrate spark 3,water purifier bottle,thermos,apple water bottle,smart bottle water,technology,smart bottle on amazon,smart bottle with reminder,self cleaning water bottle,bluetooth water bottle,top best water bottle,best water bottle,top water bottles. ..
Our Team's Stand Up Paddle Board Picks. 1. iRocker All-Around 10’ ($760). 2. Retrospec Weekender ($350). 3. Red Paddle Co Sport 11’3” ($1,599). 4. Pau Hana Solo Backcountry ($899). 5. TAHE 10’6” Beach SUP-Yak + Kayak Kit ($700). 6. GILI 15’ Manta Ray ($1,400). 7. Hala Rado ($1,349). 8. iRocker Blackfin Model X ($750). 9. iRocker Nautical 10'6" ($550). 10. Atoll 11' ($626). 11. Hala Asana ($999). 12. NRS Thrive 10'8" ($1,245). 13. Thurso Surf Expedition 138 ($649). 14. Bote Breeze Aero 10’8” ($699). 15. Isle Scout ($745). 16. STAR Photon ($895). 17. ROC SUP Co. Explorer ($400). Stand Up Paddle Board Comparison Table. Stand Up Paddle Board Buying Advice. Stand Up Paddle Board Categories. Inflatable SUP Dimensions and Volume. Hull Shape: Planing vs. Displacement. Weight and Packability. Construction and Durability. PSI (Pounds Per Square Inch). Pumps and Inflation. Inflatable SUP Accessories. Additional Features. PFDs (Personal Floatation Devices). Budget SUPs. Stand Up Paddle Boards for Kids. Solid vs. Inflatable SUPs. Read More From Switchback Travel. Hiking Gear Reviews. Good Camping Gear on a Budget. A Winter Float of the Grand Canyon. Homegrown: Free Range Equipment. Add adventure to your inbox. Mobile Menu. Megamenu - Desktop Hamburger Menu. Add adventure to your inbox.
Probably the best bang for your buck inflatable under $500 is Body Glove Performer 11' at Costco for $399. They offer a 2-year warranty as well (gotta submit code/info on board). There are probably other boards with better/more accessories in this price range but considering the board/brand/warranty all together I think it is hard to beat.Edit: \*Under $400 since there are competitive boards under $500 like Gili Air and iRocker Nautical. iRocker Nautical is on sale for $424 and they are including a free electric pump for the next few days. Plenty of people love their irocker/isle/bodyglove/amazon boards. These are all mid-to-low range (and if you go for the cheap unknown stuff on amazon, it's going to be garbage tier) and will get you on the water, but would not be considered to be "mid range" by most standards.  Best bang for your buck typically happens around the $700 mark for the board (not a package). These boards will have better materials, construction, design, warranties, and customer support.  In the lower tier of products ($350-600) you are going to get very basic construction, materials, designs, and little-to-no warranty and customer support. One thing to be very wary of are proprietary fin systems like what iRocker/Nautical (and many off-brand amazon boards) use. It makes it significantly more difficult to get a replacement or a different fin. Also beware of brands that use shady marketing tactics like constant massive discounts and vague terms or make outstanding claims with no explanation to back it up (Tower is one that does this with every single thing they produce). Absolutely avoid anything under $350. Anything over $1100 is going to be a specialty product, or a Red Paddle Co. board (they charge a huge premium for their name, like $300 over a comparable product from an equally well-regarded brand).   If a company only makes entry-level or basic boards that's likely all they know (and chances are above zero that they are outsourcing every single bit of production including design). Look for brands that have a pedigree of high quality boards in addition to the mid-range items. There you'll find brands that are actually designing their boards, implementing different technologies, and trickling that down over the generations of their products.   Sizing:   An all-around board will be 10-11.5' long and 30-34" wide. Most people will find the sweet spot to be in the 10.5-11' x 30-32" range. For folks over about 220lb, consider getting a board in the wider end of the range 32-34." Particularly short individuals (under 5'4") would most likely benefit from a narrower board in the 30" range.  Many manufacturers will list a weight range or capacity. There is no standard for how this is determined, so be cautious, again especially with outlandish claims (looking at you tower). If a company says it's weight capacity is anything over 300/350lb and the board isn't gigantic (like 11+ feet, and 34+ inches wide, and 8+ inches thick) they are using the "this is how much weight we can put on it before it is under water" metric. Which isn't useful for most people. Most inflatables in the all-around range will work well for paddlers up to about 250lb before you start having performance and stability issues. Even on a rather large board (11x34) with a large paddler (300lb) it can be fairly difficult. I've used Tower inflatable paddleboards for years.  I have four. My favorite is the Adventurer 2.  One of them is 8 years old.  I paddle six miles daily in a saltwater bay half the year.  Bumped into everything. Figured I have over 500 miles on it this season.  It's 10'6" and 26-27 lbs.   I'm 5' tall and 145 lbs, but my son is 5'10" at 200 and we paddle on them for miles.  A good paddle also makes a difference and I invested in a Hippo Stick carbon fiber paddle.  Sometimes they're under $400. I have an iRocker Blackfin Model X and their mid-range brand iRocker Cruiser 10' 6" model and they are both fantastic. You can definitely tell the Blackfin is made with higher quality materials but we haven't had any problems out of either of the boards. I bought my Model X used for $500 and I think that was a hell of deal for that board! You may be able to find some good used boards or a good black Friday deal in the next week or so. Good luck on your search!Also, for better recommendations from others I might suggest you include a comment with your budget, where you intend to paddle (rivers, lakes, ocean, etc.) and your height and weight.
Runtastic Blog:. Heard of Stand Up Paddling & want to know what it's all about? . The Salzburg Stand Up Paddle Boarding Champion Berni Seidl & me have some basic tips to have you out on the water on your SUP in no time.. . ♥ LIKE this video ♥. . Watch the last episode: .. Stand Up Paddles & more:.. Location: .. *****. Subscribe NOW:. (to get more FREE & great workout and fitness tips). . Runtastic Google+:Runtastic Facebook:Runtastic Twitter:. *****. Reach your fitness, nutrition, health, wellness & happiness goals:. . New Runtastic Fitness videos are posted weekly, providing you with helpful, high-quality information on how you can lead a healthy and active lifestyle.
What to Consider. Mounting Type. Connectivity. How We Selected. Hilo Smart Mirror with Touch Screen. Hilo Smart Mirror with Touch Screen. BYECOLD Smart Bathroom Mirror. BYECOLD Smart Bathroom Mirror. Bonnlo Bluetooth Mirror. Bonnlo Bluetooth Mirror. M LTMIRROR Lighted Smart Bathroom Mirror with Bluetooth Speaker. M LTMIRROR Lighted Smart Bathroom Mirror with Bluetooth Speaker. Echelon Smart Connect Fitness Mirror. Echelon Smart Connect Fitness Mirror. GESIPOR LED Smart Bathroom Mirror. GESIPOR LED Smart Bathroom Mirror. Interior Projects.
Best Smart Mirror is almost like magic mirrors from the fantasy world that can light up, give weather forecasts, and can help you to achieve the fitness goal. So, in this video, we have accumulated 5 Best Smart Mirrors for Your Smart Bathroom. Best Smart Home Mirror.. . To know more about Best Smart Mirror, visit:. Best Smart Mirror's List (Affiliate Links):. . 1:03 - 5. Simplehuman Smart Makeup Mirror. Purchase Link:. 2:27 - 4. HiMirror Slide Smart Beauty Mirror. Purchase Link:. 3:52 - 3. BYECOLD Smart Mirror Review. Purchase Link:. 5:08 - 2. Echelon Reflect Touch. Purchase Link:. 6:23 - 1. BYECOLD Vanity . Purchase Link:------------------------------------------------------------------------. ****Intro and Animation Credit: . Boring motion:***Music Source:. Nightingale. Nimbus. One_Life. Renegade_Jubilee. Socialite_Mugshot. Stranger_Danger. ***Video Source:.---------------------------------------------------------------------. ***
Related To:. Our Top Indoor Grill Picks. What To Know Before Buying an Indoor Grill. How We Tested. More Products Tested by Food Network Kitchen. These Containers Keep My Fruits and Veggies Fresher, Longer. Our Newsletter. 50 Perfect Gifts for Coffee Lovers        May 1, 2023. 20 Mother's Day Gift Baskets for Food Lovers        Apr 27, 2023. 8 Brands That Will Let You Customize Your Go-To Snack        Apr 21, 2023. 16 Mackenzie Childs Gifts That Are Perfect for Mother’s Day        Apr 20, 2023. You Can Get Emma Chamberlain's Newest Coffee Product At Walmart        Apr 20, 2023. This Website Is Entirely Dedicated to Replacing Broken Dishes        Apr 20, 2023. We Tested Caraway's New Steamer Set        Apr 20, 2023. 28 Mother's Day Food Gifts All the Moms in Your Life Will Love        Apr 24, 2023. 22 Great Gifts for Serious Home Cooks        Apr 21, 2023. 21 Gifts for Mom That Show How Much You Care        Apr 21, 2023. 22 Postpartum Gifts We Love for New Moms        Apr 24, 2023. 14 Popsicle Molds That Are Perfect for Summer        Apr 17, 2023. This Drying Stand Is Just What Your Water Bottle Collection Needs        Apr 13, 2023. We Tried Caraway's Cookware Set, and It Lives Up to the Hype        Apr 14, 2023.
Honestly, no.. try and get a little one you can grill outside.  Maybe a local park nearby? Also interested. I have used a grill pan that was oven safe to attempt to get nice searing but it wasn't the same. I have this same problem.  No grills allowed here at my complex unless you keep it in the garage and move it out every time to cook.  No thanks.I use a George Foreman or just use the broiler in the oven (although this creates a lot of smoke)Nothing is going to give that BBQ flavor though unfortunately without an actual grill I spent most of my life in Apartments.  you cannot have a glass grill or charcoal or anything with an open flame.  but they don't say anything about an electric grill.  (Don't Ask! They will say no)  But if you go get it and quietly put it on your balcony they don't say anything.  I loved mine.  No, it is not like an outdoor gas or charcoal grill but they can work.  it takes some getting used to, to learn how to cook correctly on them.We used to have this brand and one very similar to this one. actually went through 2 of them because we grilled so much.[ couple of things I learned about cooking on these is 1) let them warm up (a lot)2) meats etc need to be at room temp to cook properly and evenly.3) It is going to take longer to cook on the electric grill.  But it will get there.You can make a small smoker pouch for your grill but be careful with that the apt. complex might freak if the smell that smoke.. Best bet is either the broiler setting and a roasting rack over a pan...or just keep a real grill on your little patio or take it outside to use it.
BUY NOW⬇⬇. 5️⃣Cuisinart STACK5 Multi-Functional Grill. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :. 4️⃣PowerXL Smokeless Grill. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Walmart US :►Target US :►Sams Club US :. 3️⃣Hamilton Beach 3-in-1 Electric Indoor Grill. ►Hamilton Beach US :►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Walmart US :►Target US :. 2️⃣George Foreman 15+ Serving Indoor. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :►Amazon DE :►Walmart US :►Home Depot US :. 1️⃣Ninja Foodi Smart XL Grill. ►Amazon US :►Amazon CA :►Amazon UK :►Amazon FR :►Amazon DE :►Amazon IT :-------------. ⬇Coupons⬇. 🌟 Aliexpress ➼🌟 Banggood ➼🌟 Best Amazon Selling Products ➼🌟 Honey ➼-------------. 📧For Business Inquiries : BestProductsNET@gmail.com . -------------. best indoor grills,. best indoor grills 2023,. best indoor grills for steaks,. best indoor grills smokeless,. best indoor grills consumer reports,. best indoor grills 2021,. best indoor grills for chicken,. best indoor grills for korean bbq,. best indoor grill america's test kitchen,. best indoor grill air fryer combo,. best indoor grill air fryer,. the best indoor grill,. best indoor grill 2021,. best indoor grill for burgers,. best indoor electric grill,. best indoor charcoal grill,. best indoor grill for chicken,. best indoor grills dealers,. best indoor grills daniel boone,. best indoor grills direct,. best indoor grills diy,. best indoor grills design,. best indoor grills don't work,. best indoor grill electric,. best indoor electric grill 2023,. best indoor outdoor electric grill,. best indoor bbq grill,. best indoor griddle grill,. indoor grill vs outdoor grill,. best indoor grills healthy,. best indoor grills hvac,. best indoor grills how to use,. best indoor grills in atlanta,. best indoor grills in the world,. best indoor grills in 2021,. best indoor grills in amazon,. best indoor grills ideas,. best indoor grills jeep,. best indoor grills jk,. best indoor grill that tastes like outdoor,. best indoor grills made in usa,. best indoor grills made in china,. best indoor grills motorcycle,. best indoor grills near me,. best indoor grills not working,. best indoor grills no power,. best indoor grills on sale,. best indoor grills on amazon,. best indoor grill pan,. best indoor grills q50,. best indoor grills queen,. best indoor grills q4,. best indoor grills quickly,. best indoor grills reviews,. best indoor grills really work,. best indoor grills reviews ratings,. best indoor grills running,. best indoor grills rv park,. best indoor grills rolling,. best indoor grills reviews 2020,. best indoor smokeless grill 2023,. best indoor smokeless grill 2021,. best indoor steak grill,. best indoor smokeless grills,. best indoor flat top grill,. the best indoor grills,. best indoor grills under $500,. best indoor grills under 300,. best indoor grills under 100,. best indoor grills under 50,. best indoor grills under 200,. best indoor grills under 1000,. best indoor grills vs traeger,. best indoor grills vs weber,. best indoor grills vs propane,. best indoor grills vacuum,. best indoor grills vacuum cleaner,. best indoor grills vegan,. best indoor grills walmart,. best indoor grills worth it,. best indoor grills with removable plates,. best indoor grills x2,. best indoor grills x5,. best indoor grills xbox one,. best indoor grills x3,. best indoor yakitori grill,. best indoor grills zero,. best indoor grills zhc,. best indoor grills zz top,. best indoor grills zipline,. best indoor smokeless grill,. best indoor grills 000,. best indoor grills 07,. best indoor grills 08,. best indoor grills 10000,. best indoor grills 1000,. best indoor grills 10,. best indoor grills 101,. best indoor grill 2021 smokeless,. best electric grills 2023,. best electric grills 2021,. top indoor grills 2021,. best smokeless indoor grill 2023,. best outdoor electric grill 2023,. best indoor grills 3000,. best indoor grills 350z,. best indoor grills 300,. top 5 indoor grills,. best indoor grills 4000,. best indoor grills 400,. best indoor grills 500,. best indoor grills 5000,. best indoor grills 500w,. best indoor grills 600w,. best indoor grills 700 e review,. best indoor grills 700 e,. best indoor grills 700,. best indoor grills 7000,. best indoor grills 700r4,. best indoor grills 70000,. best indoor grills 8000,. best indoor grills 8n,. best indoor grills 900,. best indoor grills 900 vs traeger,. best indoor grills 900 with smoker box,. best indoor grills 911
Scent quality and variety. Smart home integration. Cost Comparison. Mini-Reviews. Pura smart diffuser. Sierra Modern Home Wifi diffuser. DIY: Smart plug with plugin scent capsule. Final Thoughts. About The Author. Related Posts. AirMega 400S Smarter Air Purifier Review. Blueair Classic Air Purifier Review. Blueair Aware Indoor Air Quality Monitor Review. Leave a Comment Cancel Reply. Affiliate Disclosure.
Vocolinc diffuser is great working with homekit. I think it works with Alexa and google also. I personally just use a smart plug with a usb power plug to spray scent into the room myself I got the  ASAKUKI Smart Wi-Fi Essential Oil Diffuser from Amazon.  &#x200B;Alexa compatible.  I’ve been using the Flowerbud by VOCOlinc. I’m new to aroma therapy, but I’ve really like it so far. The VOCOlinc app gives you lots of controls, including a room sensor and target humidity. I made a setup and review video here :  setup uses HomeKit, but this will work with Alexa or google. 
👉5 - ASAKUKI Smart Wi-Fi Essential Oil Diffuser -👉4 - URPower 2nd Gen 300ML -👉3 - Vitruvi Stone Diffuser -👉2 - Organic Aromas Raindrop 2.0 -👉1 - Better Homes and Gardens Cool Mist Diffuser -. . Are you looking for a new oil diffuser to create a relaxing and soothing atmosphere in your home or office? Look no further! In this video, we will be discussing the top 5 best oil diffusers of 2023.. . First on our list is the ASAKUKI Smart Wi-Fi Essential Oil Diffuser, a high-tech diffuser that can be controlled with your smartphone. With its sleek design and multiple timer settings, it's a great choice for those who want a customizable diffusing experience.. . Next up is the URPower 2nd Gen 300ML, a popular and affordable diffuser with a large water tank for long-lasting use. Its seven color-changing LED lights and automatic shut-off make it a great choice for those who want a low-maintenance diffuser.. . At the third spot, we have the Vitruvi Stone Diffuser, a stylish and elegant diffuser that doubles as a beautiful piece of decor. With its matte ceramic finish and long-lasting scent diffusion, it's a great choice for those who want a diffuser that blends seamlessly into their home decor.. . Coming in at number four is the Organic Aromas Raindrop 2.0, a high-end diffuser with a unique and elegant design. Its hand-blown glass reservoir and nebulizing technology make it a great choice for those who want a high-quality and powerful diffuser.. . Last but not least, we have the Better Homes and Gardens Cool Mist Diffuser, a budget-friendly option with a modern and sleek design. Its quiet operation and multiple timer settings make it a great choice for those who want a simple and effective diffuser.. . So there you have it, our top 5 best oil diffusers of 2023. Which one will you choose? Let us know in the comments below!. . 0:00 - Best Oil Diffusers 2023. 0:31 - ASAKUKI Smart Wi-Fi Essential Oil Diffuser. 2:19 - URPower 2nd Gen 300ML. 4:06 - Vitruvi Stone Diffuser. 5:51 - Organic Aromas Raindrop 2.0. 7:39 - Better Homes and Gardens Cool Mist Diffuser. 9:21 - Conclusion. . . . 
#1  Gladwell Gecko Robotic Window Cleaner. #2  Mamibot W120-T Robotic Window Cleaner. #3  Ecovacs Winbot 880 Robotic Window Cleaner. #4  Wexbi Window Cleaning Robot. How We Decided. Robotic Window FAQs.
I have two at home. Hobot and Karcher.Hobot essentially uses two rotary pads, each having a mechanism similar to a vacuum cleaner. You turn the machine on, it starts sucking air and this suction power keeps it attached to a window. Now in order to clean window, one cup is sucking air and slowly turns the whole machine, while the other cup quickly rotates the attached microfiber cloth to wipe the window.This helps remove larger items and clean most of the visible stuff, but your window will have a lot of smudges. If you can't access the window (eg. tall window, one that does not open, or even one that does that has restricted access, like sliding door in an apartment) this will help, but it is not flawless. Your windows will appear clean until sun is low enough for you to see the smudges.Karcher is somewhat opposite. It is like a hand operated vacuum cleaner with a cloth you can attach to it. So you have more control over how the window is cleaned, but requires you to have a full access to cleaned surface.I found Karcher to work better than hobot, but both have their unquestionable advantages over the other. Happy to share more details if you have any questions Thank you for submitting a cleaning help request. In order to facilitate more accurate and helpful replies, please make sure to provide the following information in your post:  1. Type of material/surface being cleaned (to the best of your knowledge)2. Type of dirt/stain to be removed (if known)3. Any products or tools you've tried so far4. Pictures are preferredOur top recommendations are usually *Bar Keepers Friend* (great for kitchen surfaces), melamine foam (Magic Erasers), Murphy's Oil Soap (wood cleaner), and Nature's Miracle (enzyme cleaner). Make sure you use cleaners appropriate to the surfaces you are working with and follow all safety labels.    If you receive an answer that helps you, please flair your post as "Answered" so other users may find solutions as well. While you wait, why not browse the subreddit to see if you might be able to help someone else, or find similar situations that could help you? Happy cleaning! *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/CleaningTips) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Robotic Window Cleaner: Hey guys, in this video, we’re going to review the pros and cons of the top 5 best Robotic Window Cleaners for sale right now.. ► Affiliate links to the Robotic Window Cleaners listed in the video ✅. 5️⃣ HOBOT-298: (Amazon)4️⃣ Alexsix: (Amazon)3️⃣ AlfaBot X7: (Amazon)2️⃣ HOBOT-388: (Amazon)1️⃣ Sophinique X5: (Amazon). 🎁 You get FREE SHIPPING with Amazon Prime!Register here and get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL 👉. 🎁 Get a 30-DAY FREE TRIAL for AUDIBLE here 👉. ▬ ABOUT THIS VIDEO ▬. Technology has made a lot of things easier, including window cleaning. Many robotic window cleaners have emerged in the market packed with smart features, artificial intelligence, and respective cleaning innovations. Get to know them through this video and pick one that suits you.. . In today’s video, we are going to look at the top five best Robotic Window Cleaners available on the market today. We have made this list based on our own opinion, research, and customer reviews. We have considered their quality, features, and values when narrowing down the best choices possible. If you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned, be sure to check the links above.. . 00:00 Intro: Robotic Window Cleaners. 00:36 5️⃣ HOBOT-298. 02:21 4️⃣ Alexsix. 04:20 3️⃣ AlfaBot X7. 06:07 2️⃣ HOBOT-388. 08:03 1️⃣ Sophinique X5. .. ►
TheraBand Pro Series SCP Exercise Ball. Power Systems VersaBall Stability Ball. GoFit Pro Stability Ball. Comes with a pump. Everything we recommend. TheraBand Pro Series SCP Exercise Ball. Power Systems VersaBall Stability Ball. GoFit Pro Stability Ball. Comes with a pump. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: TheraBand Pro Series. TheraBand Pro Series SCP Exercise Ball. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Power Systems VersaBall. Power Systems VersaBall Stability Ball. Budget pick: GoFit Pro Stability Ball. GoFit Pro Stability Ball. Comes with a pump. How to inflate an exercise ball. Safety, care, and maintenance. The competition. Meet your guide. Further reading. Kids Exercise Videos to Help Keep Your Family Moving (and Sane). A One-Handed Lifter’s Adaptive Fitness Equipment Recommendations.
TheraBand Pro Series SCP Exercise Ball. Power Systems VersaBall Stability Ball. GoFit Pro Stability Ball. Comes with a pump. Everything we recommend. TheraBand Pro Series SCP Exercise Ball. Power Systems VersaBall Stability Ball. GoFit Pro Stability Ball. Comes with a pump. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. How we picked. How we tested. Our pick: TheraBand Pro Series. TheraBand Pro Series SCP Exercise Ball. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Power Systems VersaBall. Power Systems VersaBall Stability Ball. Budget pick: GoFit Pro Stability Ball. GoFit Pro Stability Ball. Comes with a pump. How to inflate an exercise ball. Safety, care, and maintenance. The competition. Meet your guide. Further reading. Kids Exercise Videos to Help Keep Your Family Moving (and Sane). A One-Handed Lifter’s Adaptive Fitness Equipment Recommendations.
1. Chest | Fit Gent's Stability Ball Chest Exercises. 2. Arms | CDornerFitness Stability Ball Workout for Arms. 3. Legs | Natalie Jill Fitness Lower Body Stability Ball Workout. 4. Abs | Heather Robertson's Stability Ball Abs Workout. 5. Back | Herbalife Nutrition's Lower Back Stability Ball Workout. 6. Full Body | Caroline Girvan's Full-Body Stability Ball Workout. 7. Stretch | Mor Haim's Swiss Ball Stretching Exercises. 8. Yoga | Candace Cabrera's Stability Ball Yoga. Worthwhile Stability Ball Workout Classes to Upgrade Your Exercise Routine. Microsoft Excel. Trending Now.
Smart Bike Locks [PROS + CONS]. Benefits of Smart Locks. 1. ABUS 770A SmartX Bicycle Lock with Bluetooth + Alarm. 2. Nulock Keyless Bluetooth Lock with Alarm. 3. eLinkSmart Digital Bicycle Lock. Ride in style. Related reads.
I avoid "smart" products whenever possible. I don't need my *bike lock* to be internet-connected and to bug me about recharging, for god's sake...  I'm sure it's lucrative for all the smart-device manufacturers, but I'd rather save thousands of dollars, stick with "dumb" products,  and keep the things in my life as simple and reliable as possible. My advice would be to get the highest-quality basic lock you can afford, and ignore the bells and whistles. (If you're very concerned about theft, buy two locks to make your bike twice as hard to steal, and be sure to learn and always use proper locking technique.) Not worth it. They spend money on flashy stuff rather than the only thing that matters, lots of really hard steel. Just more stuff to go wrong. Who is going to break a lock, steal a bike, and then take the broken lock with them? That makes no sense. IMO, it's just another thing to go wrong. KISS is my motto for most things. A lock key is very small and unobtrusive. It's bollocks. 
Some smart bike lock have advanced in ways we never imagined a decade ago. With innovative technologies and unique designs, these locks protect your bike more reliably against theft. So, here’s a list of the 11 incredibly smart bike lock to secure your bicycle while you’re on the go. . . Smart Bike Lock List: (Affiliated). . 0:00 - Introduction. . 00:24 - 11. BrightLoc. Link:. 00:55 - 10. Pealock. Link:. 01:25 - 9. Bisecu. Link:. 01:56 - 8. LITELOK CORE Plus. Link:. 02:23 - 7. BitLock. Link:. 02:50 - 6. ULAC TRON XD. Link:. 03:23 - 5. I LOCK IT GPS. Link:. 03:50 - 4. Litelok Silver. Link:. 04:20 - 3. LEO 2 Pro GPS. Link:. 04:52 - 2. WeeyLock. Link:. 05:16 - 1. ZiiLock. Link:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. We are also on:. Business Email: mailbikezone1@gmail.com. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. Check out these videos: . *The 10 Health Benefits of Cycling:*A Brief History of The Bicycle | History of Bikes:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. ***Intro, Outro, & Animation Credit: (Boring Motion)***Music Source & Credit (YouTube Audio Library). ***Video Source & Credit:. ZiiLock Lab:I Love Crowdfunding:LINKA Smart Bike Lock:Litelok:I LOCK IT:ULACLOCK TVL:BitLock:Bisecu Smart Bike Lock:Pealock:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. 
Can size and capabilities. Odor elimination. Voice activation. Why trust us.
What are you looking for “smart” wise? Motion sensor? Not sure if it is a true "smart trash can" but I have been using a GLAD garbage can with electronic lid for a little over a year. Just wave your hand over the lid and it opens - then a 5 second timer counts down for the lid to close. It also has a button to open without auto-close. It has 20 gallon capacity so I only have to take out the bag once every week (only 2-person family). Operates on AA batteries which I have only changed once after 10 months. Honestly, one of the best purchases I have made - not sure how I lived without it for so long. We have had 2 simple human cans, both have been excellent. We got the one that has recycling and trash in the same can.  We can use our voice to open the can.. just say   "Open can"  for hands free operation.  You can also wave your hand over it to open. There are only 2 of us in the house, so it works out pretty well.  I'd recommend getting the other simple human can that is one big trash can if you have more in your home.  We tried a few other brands that were cheaper, I think it was from best buy and hated it.  Not very responsive and loud. Sorry I can't help you but out of curiosity, what would/does a smart trashcan do? 
Links to Best Motion Sensor Smart Trash Cans 2022 are listed below. At HowMuchTech, we've researched the Best Smart Trash Cans options on Amazon saving you time and money. . 0:00 intro. 00:06 - 5 ► simplehuman Voice and Motion Sensor Automatic Kitchen Trash Can. ●Amazon US:●Amazon UK:●Amazon EU:●Amazon CA:-------------. 01:29 - 4 ► TOWNEW T1S Self-Sealing and Self-Changing 4.1 Gallon Trash Can. ●Amazon US:●Amazon UK:●Amazon EU:●Amazon CA:-------------. 02:31 - 3 ► EKO Mirage-X 47 Liter / 12.4 Gallon Touchless Rectangular Motion Sensor Trash Can . ●Amazon US:●Amazon UK:●Amazon EU:●Amazon CA:-------------. 03:29 - 2 ► iTouchless SoftStep 16 Gallon Step Trash Can & Recycle Bin with Activated Carbon Filter Deodorizers, Stainless Steel. ●Amazon US:●Amazon UK:●Amazon EU:●Amazon CA:-------------. 04:41 - 1► Joseph Joseph 30030 Intelligent Waste Titan Trash Can Compactor. ●Amazon US:●Amazon UK:●Amazon EU:●Amazon CA:. Links to Best Motion Sensor Smart Trash Cans 2022 are listed below. At HowMuchTech, we've researched the Best Smart Trash Cans options on Amazon saving you time and money. . . ♦ Business:. howmuchtech@gmail.com. . ♦ Social Media:. - Facebook :- Twitter :- Instagram :- Pinterest :. ♦Copyright Issue:. If there is any copyright infringement send us an e-mail at: howmuchtech@gmail.com. All intellectual property rights are reserved by their respective owners.. 
Straight to the Point. Editor's Note. The Winners, at a Glance. Breville Joule Sous Vide CS20001. Anova Culinary Sous Vide Precision Cooker. Anova Culinary Precision Cooker Pro. Instant Accu Slim Sous Vide Immersion Circulator. The Criteria: What We Look for in a Great Sous Vide Immersion Circulator. The Testing. Test 1: Heating a Water Bath. Test 2: Cooking Chicken Breasts. Test 3: Cooking Eggs. How We Chose Our Winners. Breville Joule Sous Vide CS20001. Anova Culinary Sous Vide Precision Cooker. Anova Culinary Precision Cooker Pro. Instant Accu Slim Sous Vide Immersion Circulator. The Competition.
Straight to the Point. Editor's Note. The Winners, at a Glance. Breville Joule Sous Vide CS20001. Anova Culinary Sous Vide Precision Cooker. Anova Culinary Precision Cooker Pro. Instant Accu Slim Sous Vide Immersion Circulator. The Criteria: What We Look for in a Great Sous Vide Immersion Circulator. The Testing. Test 1: Heating a Water Bath. Test 2: Cooking Chicken Breasts. Test 3: Cooking Eggs. How We Chose Our Winners. Breville Joule Sous Vide CS20001. Anova Culinary Sous Vide Precision Cooker. Anova Culinary Precision Cooker Pro. Instant Accu Slim Sous Vide Immersion Circulator. The Competition.
Lutron Serena Shades. SmarterHome MySmartRollerShades (formerly Tilt). A good but less-brainy smart shade. Graber Motorized Shades. More expensive, but more choices. IKEA Fyrtur. Low price, but limited options. Lutron Serena Smart Wood Blinds. SmarterHome MySmartBlinds. Less smart, less expensive. Everything we recommend. Lutron Serena Shades. SmarterHome MySmartRollerShades (formerly Tilt). A good but less-brainy smart shade. Graber Motorized Shades. More expensive, but more choices. IKEA Fyrtur. Low price, but limited options. Lutron Serena Smart Wood Blinds. SmarterHome MySmartBlinds. Less smart, less expensive. The research. Why you should trust us. Smart Lights Are the Easiest Way to Transform Your Home. Who this is for. How we picked and tested. Security, privacy, and smart shades. How our picks compare. Smart shades. Our pick: Serena Shades by Lutron. Lutron Serena Shades. Runner-up: SmarterHome MySmartRollerShades. SmarterHome MySmartRollerShades (formerly Tilt). A good but less-brainy smart shade. Also great: Graber Motorized Shades. Graber Motorized Shades. More expensive, but more choices. Budget pick: IKEA Fyrtur. IKEA Fyrtur. Low price, but limited options. Smart blinds. Our pick: Lutron Serena Wood Blinds. Lutron Serena Smart Wood Blinds. Budget pick: SmarterHome MySmartBlinds. SmarterHome MySmartBlinds. Less smart, less expensive. Retrofit solutions. Pro-install options. What to look forward to. The competition. Meet your guide. Further reading. These Smart Home Devices Can Enhance Independence for People With Disabilities and Mobility Needs. How to Save Money and Energy With Smart Home Devices.
I use Ikea Fyrtur, and I have them on every window in my flat. They're great.If installing them on a door I'd want to make sure that they were completely level and still while raising, otherwise they get snarled, but that's the only issue I'd foresee. I've got some lutron caseta ones in my home and I absolutely adore them. But they're outrageously expensive, so it's hard to recommend even though I like them a lot I have a couple Ikea Fyrtur. A bit slow sometimes but nothing too annoying. The biggest annoyance is half the time when I ask Google to close the blinds it gives me a list of blinds store in my area. I installed external motorized shades and automated them myself (relays wired to the RF remotes). Total cost $200-$400/shade depending on the size. It has been great for windows that face east/west. I have them tied to a brightness sensor, so they close when sun is directly coming through the window, but on cloudy days or if it's a cold day, they stay open. I have selectblinds.com vinyl shades on most windows (16 as I recall).  They are battery powered, and work reliably.I have the Bond hub to interface with Google Home.
Top 5 Best Smart Blinds Review In 2022. . . 1. Yoolax Motorized Zebra Blinds.. 2. Graywind Motorized Vertical Blinds.. 3. Yoolax Motorized Blinds.. 4. ZY Blinds Motorized Shades.. 5. Springblinds Motorized Roller Shade.. . ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. *** Top 5 Best Bathroom Lights Review In 2022 - . *** Top 5 Best LED Recessed Lights Review In 2022 -*** Top 5 Best Motion Lights Review In 2022 -*** Top 5 Best Lights For Indoor Growing2022 -*** Top 5 Best Led Shop Lights Review In 2022-. *** Top 5 Best Led Night Lights Review In 2022-*** Top 5 Best Led Lights Review In 2022 -*** Top 5 Best Led Ceiling Lights Review In 2022-*** Top 5 Best Kitchen Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Indoor String Lights Review In 2022-*** Top 5 Best Icicle Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Pendant Lights Review In 2022- . *** Top 5 Best Grow Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Garage Lights Review In 2022 - *** Top 5 Best Flood Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Bedroom String Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Dining Room Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Desk Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Solar Deck Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Curtain Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Christmas Tree Lights Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Christmas Lights Review In 2022 - *** Top 5 Best Night Lights Review In 2022 -. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. *** Top 5 Best Dining Table Review In 2022 - *** Top 5 Best Extendable Dining Table Review In 2022-*** Top 5 Best Glass Dining Tables Review In 2022 - *** Top 5 Best Round Dining Table Review In 2022- *** Top 5 Best Outdoor Dining Table Review In 2022 - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. *** Top 5 Best Cheap Couch Review In 2022-*** Top 5 Best Affordable Couches Review In 2022 -*** Top 5 Best Tv Room Couch Review In 2022 -*** Top 5 Best Couch Under $500 -*** Top 5 Best Wooden Dining Chairs Review In 2022 -. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. Top 5 Best Outdoor Extension Cords Review In 2022-Top 5 Best Extension Cords Review In 2022 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. *** Top 5 Best Fire Extinguisher Review In 2021-***Top 5 Best Fire Extinguishers For Home -*** Top 5 Best Fire Extinguisher For CarReview In 2021 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . . . [PLEASE SUBSCRIBE MY CHANNEL].. 
Click & Grow Smart Garden 9 PRO. VIVOSUN Z206 Wifi Control Smart Garden. Natufia Smart Garden. Gardyn 2.0 Vertical Indoor Garden. Edn SmallGarden. AeroGarden Bounty Elite. AVA Byte Automated Indoor Garden. Rise Gardens Personal Garden and Starter Kit. iDOO Hydroponics Growing System. Modern Sprout Smart Growhouse. What to Look For in Indoor Smart Gardens. Growing System. Control Options. More from The Spruce.
I have had good results with the aerogarden bounty elite. It looks looks nice, is easy to use, and has an app to go with it. It’s currently quite expensive, but they often go on sale.Edit: if you want bigger options and don’t want to build your own system, there’s also the aerogarden farm and the Gardyn I got the 6 space one for $12 a while back. It works great. I use master blend for nutrients instead of the tablets that came with it. Only problem I had so far is if the water gets low an alarm sounds and it will shut it off if you don’t refill right away. I grow cilantro, basil,arugula, bok Choi and a small tomato variety.Do you have the little plastic covers that cover the seeds? It helps them sprout quicker. You could use something like root riot for new media but would need to be cut to size. Hi folks!I bought a couple of smart gardens today for the kids (and me).So I got the divoo 12 pot one and the indoo 7 pot.They do seem a little different and they also don't seem very smart. I think I may have been expecting more than a pump and a light haha.If anyone uses these or similar it would be epic if you could answer a couple of questions!The sponges that come with them.... Can I use any other medium that I can buy in bulk? Cotton wool? Coir?My plan is to get plants started on these then move them to the green house.Also.Are there any bigger, better, smarter alternatives.Something that maybe allows for easier water changes or even some metrics like nutrient levels etc?Also, should I buy buying a particular type of seed for these?Cheers and any help/advice is appreciated x
Are you looking for the Best Smart Indoor Gardening For Your Home? In this video, we take a look at six of the top Smart Indoor Gardening on the market and review them for you. Whether you're a beginner or an experienced, there's sure to be a Smart Indoor Gardening that's perfect for you. So what are you waiting for? Watch the video now and find the Best Smart Indoor Gardening for your needs!. . . "Links in below to pick the Best Smart Indoor Gardening In 2022" . . . 0:00​​ - Introduction. 0:37 - 5. ✅ AeroGarden Farm 24Basic, w/Salad Bar Seed Kit.✓Price -*********************************. 1:40 - 4. ✅ AeroGarden Harvest Elite - Indoor Garden with LED Grow Light.✓Prices -*********************************. 2:28 - 3. ✅ Click & Grow Indoor Herb Garden Kit with Grow Light.✓Prices -*********************************. 3:15 - 2. ✅ Click & Grow Indoor Herb Garden Kit with Grow Light .✓Prices -*********************************. 3:50 - 1. ✅ OPCOM Vertical Hydroponic Grow Wall .✓Prices -.. *********************************. ..... . *********************************. .All above Best Smart Indoor Gardening in 2022 links are Applicable in USA, Canada, UK & Europe . ➤ Don't forget to:.★ Subscribe.★ Like.★ Comment.★ Share with your friends. . ►
Levoit LV600S Smart Hybrid Ultrasonic Humidifier. Levoit Classic 300S Ultrasonic Smart Humidifier. A simple, streamlined alternative. Levoit Classic 200 Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier. Basic, affordable, effective. Vornado EVDC300. Less energy and better circulation. Venta LW25 Airwasher. More money, less maintenance. Everything we recommend. Levoit LV600S Smart Hybrid Ultrasonic Humidifier. Levoit Classic 300S Ultrasonic Smart Humidifier. A simple, streamlined alternative. Levoit Classic 200 Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier. Basic, affordable, effective. Vornado EVDC300. Less energy and better circulation. Venta LW25 Airwasher. More money, less maintenance. The research. Why you should trust us. Who this is for. Humidifiers Get Gross Fast. Here’s How to Clean Them. How we picked. How we tested. Levoit LV600S Smart Hybrid Ultrasonic Humidifier. Humidifiers Get Gross Fast. Here’s How to Clean Them. Flaws but not dealbreakers. A simpler, streamlined alternative: Levoit Classic 300S. Levoit Classic 300S Ultrasonic Smart Humidifier. A simple, streamlined alternative. Basic, quiet, affordable: Levoit Classic 200 Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier. Levoit Classic 200 Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier. Basic, affordable, effective. An energy-smart evaporative alternative with great circulation: Vornado EVDC300. Vornado EVDC300. Less energy and better circulation. Upgrade pick: Venta LW25 Airwasher. Venta LW25 Airwasher. More money, less maintenance. The health risks of a dirty humidifier—and how to avoid them. Humidifiers Get Gross Fast. Here’s How to Clean Them. The competition. Earlier tests. Meet your guides. Further reading. Wirecutter’s 100 Most Popular Picks in November 2022. Humidifiers Get Gross Fast. Here’s How to Clean Them.
I don't have a specific brand, instead I recommend a type: evaporative humidifiers.tldr: cheap and easy to run with minimal maintenanceI've been through multiple ultrasonic humidifiers that work fine but maintenance is a nightmare.  Even with distilled water it turns into a petri dish within a week for me. I ended up using bleach to clean it and it would usually last two weeks.  It was disgusting.  Everything that is in the water gets atomized and sent into the air.The evaporative unit I got last winter didn't require any cleaning all winter long.  I used the recommended anti-microbial with each tank of water refill and never had an issue.  I used two wicks throughout the winter but it was unnecessary to seal when I did.Any humidifier with a tank is going to require refilling as needed.  The convenience of tap water + anti-microbial easily beats buying or making distilled water in both effort and cost.  The ultrasonic humidifiers need a fair amount of power to run non-stop.  Evaporative humidifiers just run a fan and maybe a humidity meter, making them cheaper.I recommend an evaporative unit that's designed for the size of your home/apartment (rate of water evaporation) and meets your refilling schedule (water tank size).  Beyond that there is no extra technology that goes into them, get one that looks nice or can fit somewhere out of the way. top fill is the way to go, regardless of brand. I won't even look at a humidifier that requires me to remove the tank and flip it over to fill. All 5 currently in use in our house (also have radiators) are top fill, so just fill up a pitcher and pour in as needed. Clean once a week with white vinegar and good to go. Frigidaire is my personal favorite,BTW, here's the [Amazon Link of Dehumidifiers Suggested by other Reddit Users]( here. Check out Venta. They are German made and pricey, but all parts are replaceable so it should last way longer than most.  We have the comfort plus 45 and it can maintain our 2200 sqft house. Friendly reminder that ALL Cold-mist/Ultrasonic MUST use distilled water. They can turn tap water particles (minerals, metals, pollutants) into tiny potential carcinogens if you're inhaling them on a daily/nightly basis.
⬇️ Click the links below to get the best prices on these humidifiers! ⬇️. . ✅ Crane Drop UltraSonic Cool Mist Humidifier -. ✅ Pure Enrichment MistAire Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier -. ✅ Honeywell Filter-Free Cool Mist Humidifier -. ✅ Levoit Dual 150 Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier -. ✅ Vicks Filter Free Cool Mist Humidifier -. If you live in a dry climate or you’re prone to dry skin, humidifiers can improve your life — and your sleep. That’s because they add moisture to your bedroom (or any other room), which can make you more comfortable and therefore make it easier to drift off to sleep. In addition to soothing dry skin, lips, and throats, there’s some evidence humidifiers can also help relieve headaches and kick the common cold.. . Sleepopolis maintains an affiliate relationship with some of the products reviewed, which means we get a percentage of a sale if you click over from our video (at no cost to our viewers). Also, many mattress and sleep product companies send us their products for free with the hope that we will like it and review it. However, there is certainly no guarantee that we will review it favorably. See our full disclosures here:. 0:00 Best Humidifiers of the Year. 0:43 Best Overall. 1:20 Best Budget. 1:56 Best on Amazon. 2:31 Best for Bedrooms. 3:16 Best for Easy Cleaning. . Read more about these humidifiers on Sleepopolis - .. Click to see Amelia’s author bio:. 🔔 To catch our latest Sleepopolis videos, make sure to click the link to subscribe to our channel -. ⬇️Click the links below to follow our other social media channels! ⬇️. . ▶️Instagram -▶️TikTok -. 🛏 If you are interested in purchasing a mattress, check out our top picks below and use our exclusive discounts! ⬇️. . ✅ Helix Mattress -Helix Mattress Coupon: Click the link to save up to 25% and get two Free Dream pillows!. . ✅ WinkBed Mattress -WinkBed Mattress Coupon - Click the link to save up to $300!. . ✅ Brooklyn Bedding Mattress -Brooklyn Bedding Coupon: Click to save up to 25% on the Signature mattress!. . 🏬 Visit our Shopify Store for all the best mattress deals! -. 🎦 Take a look at some of our most popular videos:. Best Mattresses 2023 -Best Hybrid Mattress 2023 -Best Mattress for Side Sleepers 2023 -Saatva Mattress Review -Nectar vs Premier vs Copper Review -. 
BICYCLING'S BIKE OF THE YEAR. The Three Classes of E-Bikes. Two E-Bike Terms to Know. Other E-Bike Features to Consider. Certification. How We Tested. Aventon Level.2. Aventon Level.2. Aventon Level.2. Co-op Cycles CTY e1.1. Co-op Cycles CTY e1.1. Co-op Cycles CTY e1.1. Specialized Globe Haul ST. Specialized Globe Haul ST. Specialized Globe Haul ST. Cannondale Treadwell Neo 2. Cannondale Treadwell Neo 2. Cannondale Treadwell Neo 2. Aventon Aventure.2. Aventon Aventure.2. Aventon Aventure.2. Ride1Up Cafe Cruiser. Ride1Up Cafe Cruiser. Ride1Up Cafe Cruiser. Velotric Discover 1. Velotric Discover 1. Velotric Discover 1. Priority E-Coast. Priority E-Coast Step-Through. Priority E-Coast Step-Through. Aventon Pace 350. Aventon Pace 350. Aventon Pace 350. AVAILABLE IN STEP-THROUGH READ PACE 500 REVIEW. Trek Dual Sport+ 2. Trek Dual Sport+ 2. Trek Dual Sport+ 2. Rad Power RadRover 6 Plus. Rad Power Bikes RadRover 6 Plus. Rad Power Bikes RadRover 6 Plus. LeMond Prolog. LeMond Prolog. LeMond Prolog. Lectric XP 2.0. Lectric XP 2.0. Lectric XP 2.0. Trek Domane+ AL5. Trek Domane+ AL 5. Trek Domane+ AL 5. Aventon Abound. Aventon Abound. Aventon Abound. Specialized Turbo Vado 4.0. Specialized Turbo Vado 4.0 Step-Through. Specialized Turbo Vado 4.0 Step-Through. Denago Commute Model 1. Denago Commute Model 1. Denago Commute Model 1. Ride1Up Roadster v2. Ride1Up Roadster v2. Ride1Up Roadster v2. Buzz Cerana T. Buzz Cerana T. Buzz Cerana T. Trek Fuel EXe. Trek Fuel EXe 9.5. Trek Fuel EXe 9.5. Electric Bikes.
It's already been mentioned but I really like my [Roadster v2]( Fairly affordable vs other bikes I was looking at and very solid. good, cheap, fast - pick any two. There are two major categories of ebikes:1. Reseller e-bikes2. 1st party e-bikesReseller e-bikes are sold by companies that source their products from China, put their brand on it, and sell them direct to consumers. There's nothing wrong with this, but you should understand what you're getting. Quality runs the gamut in this category. There are companies who source the cheapest possible products from China, using generic components all the way down to the shifters and derailleurs. But there are also companies who source quality components from the frame up. For example, my bike is a Dengfu carbon fiber frame (Dengfu is well known for their quality carbon frames) with a name brand shock, solid mid-tier fork (Rockshox Yari), brand name brakes, and tires. Only the wheel hubs and rims are generic. The rest of the bike is great quality and has held up well since 2019. Fit & finish is nice, but it's not *quite* as polished as something from the major brands. It's so close though.In the second category, you have 1st party e-bikes that are designed and manufactured under contract for large multi-national companies like Specialized, Giant, Trek, Cannondale, Scott, etc. Most sell through bike shops, but some are direct (like Diamondback and Pivot). These bikes pretty much exclusively use brand name parts from top to bottom.If you're the kind of person who has a real eye for detail, it's very easy to spot the differences between bikes at each tier. An inexpensive molded plastic or stamped steel derailleur just doesn't have the look and feel of quality that a mid-tier brand name derailleur will have. The same applies to the rest of the bike. Quality brake levers *feel* good. Quality tires provide excellent grip and will last longer than cheap tires. Quality rims and hubs are light weight and roll easily, allowing you to accelerate faster.Hitting the middle tier can be tough. There's a big price break-over point between the online brands and the bike shop brands. The major differentiator is that the bike shop brands are maintaining a dealer network. That costs money.When it comes to value, I think the reputable online resellers are a good target (in no particular order):* Luna Cycles* RadPower* Juiced Bikes* Aventon* Ride1Up* Ariel RiderEach of those resellers has a range of bikes that fit many needs. Some are more specialized than others. Which one you choose will depend on where and why you ride. Rad Bikes and Aventon fit your bill as best value. If there's a local bike shop which sells Aventon, I would go with them. Otherwise I would go with Rad Bikes because their support is better. There's a ton of places to test ride Rad Bikes, you can find them here: [ have bikes you can take off roading (fat tire with suspension). Neither have great MTB. I've been a Rad Mini owner for over two years now and am beyond happy with it.  It has fat tires and good tread and while, I haven't taken it bushwhacking or anything, it's seen its fair amount of trails and handled well off the beaten path.  As for assembly, maintenance, etc. - it did NOT come assembled and I opted to pay to have it assembled (Rad has a partnership with VeloFix, which is who I used).  I've subsequently used VeloFix any time I've needed tune-ups, service, etc. and have been happy with the service.  E-bikes are much more common these days than they were years ago and I've found that the mechanics who I've used were experienced and knew how to service an e-bike.
Set it and forget it. Orbit B-hyve XR. Better coverage for bigger yards with smaller budgets. Orbit B-hyve Smart Indoor Irrigation Controller. Style and simplicity for less. Everything we recommend. Set it and forget it. Orbit B-hyve XR. Better coverage for bigger yards with smaller budgets. Orbit B-hyve Smart Indoor Irrigation Controller. Style and simplicity for less. The research. Why you should trust us. Who should buy a smart sprinkler or irrigation controller. How we picked and tested. Security, privacy, and smart sprinkler controllers. Our pick: Rachio 3. Set it and forget it. Flaws but not dealbreakers. Runner-up: Orbit B-hyve XR. Orbit B-hyve XR. Better coverage for bigger yards with smaller budgets. Budget pick: Orbit B-hyve Smart Indoor Irrigation Controller. Orbit B-hyve Smart Indoor Irrigation Controller. Style and simplicity for less. How smart sprinkler controllers work. Soil-moisture sensors. Other smart sprinkler controllers we like. What to look forward to. The competition. Meet your guide. Further reading. Smart Home for Backyard and Garage. Google Assistant Smart-Home Starter Kit.
Opensprinker. Standalone, takes into account rain etc, and there is a plugin for Ha. I love my Rachio. It paid for itself in the first season from water savings alone. What I love even more about it is that there's a Home Assistant integration. The only downside is that the integration uses the cloud. I'm not sure if there's a protocol to control it locally. I’m happy with my rain machine.  All local control I have the bhyve orbit. It works with a HACS integration.  I like it because it was basically free with a rebate from my county.  I can control it from HA but I don't have an automations set up for it.  Not sure what I would do with it outside of the automated scheduling already built into it. 🤷‍♂️ I have Rachio, too, and love it. It has basic integration with HA, nothing too fancy. I mostly “set it” via their app and “forgot it.”
Links to the Top 3 Smart Sprinkler Controller Picks are listed below. At Consumer Buddy, we've researched the Best Smart Sprinkler Controller options on the Market saving you time and money.. ★ OVERALL SPRINKLER CONTROLLER★0:00 - Intro. 🔶 Rachio 3 Smart Sprinkler Controller 🔶0:35 Time Stamp.➜. ★ SPRINKLER CONTROLLER FOR IRRIGATION ★. 🔶 Netro Smart Sprinkler 🔶1:34 Time Stamp.➜. ★ WEATHER-ENABLED SMART SPRINKLER★. 🔶 Rainmachine Touch HD-12 🔶3:11 Time Stamp.➜▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬. . 👉 At Consumer Buddy, we've researched the Best Smart Sprinkler Controllers on the Market saving you time and money so you can make an informed decision.. . For many folks out there being able to have a nice, crisp green lawn every spring that will last them to the summer is important. And probably the most crucial thing that helps to keep that color all year round and have your yard stay healthy is a plentiful supply of fresh water from your home sprinkler or water system. Best Smart Sprinkler Controller. Now if you're anything like me having to lug it that big, long hose, or try and fiddle with a sprinkler system isn't exactly what you have in mind to do all day on a weekend so as to keep your yard in pristine condition. But don't worry, because today we're going to make your life that much simpler, as we're going to look into the top three most popular smart sprinkler systems that will give you peace of mind and keeping your lawn lush all year round. Best Smart Sprinkler Controller. kicking us off on our list we have the raggio three smart sprinkler controller get ready to save money and save water with the rochow three smart sprinkler system. Thanks to the rochow mobile app, you can run sprinklers, view upcoming schedules and observe your estimated outdoor water usage. All at the touch of a button. You'll be able to customize the timing and frequency of watering to your specific landscape, setup, customize zones with confidence, and even get recommendations from the app based on your soil type, zip code, plant types sun exposure, and more to optimize watering for your specific yard. Best Smart Sprinkler Controller. Avoid watering in the rain with the Rochus exclusive weather intelligence having features like rain skip, wind skip, freeze, skip and more to make it where your sprinkler system isn't just turning on and off at random times throughout the day. By the way, today's sponsor is ExpressVPN they're consistently the top choice for staying anonymous online torrenting safely and accessing geo restricted streaming content you can check out the description for our full review along with a special discount if you're interested. Which one do you want to have installed in your house to have the perfect lawn for your next home gathering? Are there any smart sprinkler systems that we missed? Best Smart Sprinkler Controller. Which you think should have been on our list? Let us know in the comment section down below. And if you enjoyed this video, please give us a big thumbs up if you like what we do. Plus subscribe to the channel for more amazing reviews and content just like this. Not to mention that if you do want to grab yourself any of the products that we covered in today's video, you can check them out down in the description below. If you want to pick them up. Best Smart Sprinkler Controller. You want to check out more amazing product reviews by us. . . -DISCLOSURE-. . I am affiliated, with but not sponsored by any product featured in this video. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. The links in the description are my affiliate links which means if you click on one of them and buy the product I’ll receive a small commission. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide product reviews without bias. From the millions of products, I pick the ones I personally have tested and have been highly impressed which I’ll then recommend. This is how I feed my family by making honest and useful reviews so that you can make informed buying decisions. I appreciate your support.. . Hope you enjoyed my Top 3 Smart Sprinkler Controller Picks in 2023 video.. . . . 
