"download the appdaily pregnancy & newborn updates with our free app. the baby crib: it\u2019s the focal point of your little love\u2019s room, and the spot where your child will\u2014fingers crossed\u2014clock in hours of uninterrupted sleep (we can dream, right?). it\u2019s no wonder then that parents spend weeks, if not months, taking measurements, reviewing safety guidelines, browsing scores of options and poring over customer reviews to find the best baby cribs. it\u2019s enough to make you want to take a nap! don\u2019t worry, we\u2019re here to help take the tedium out of this task. below, expert tips to help you create a safe sleep environment for baby, plus our picks of the best cribs on the market to suit every style and budget. in this article:overall best baby cribbest mini cribbest convertible cribbest portable cribbest wooden cribbest 3-in-1 cribbest baby crib with changing tablebest smart cribbest luxury baby cribbest round baby cribbest modern baby cribbest affordable baby crib. there\u2019s a lot to consider when investing in a baby crib. to streamline the decision-making process, keep the following factors in mind:. safety. the safest baby cribs are the newest baby cribs. options on the market today adhere to more rigorous federal safety standards than in years past, offering durable wooden slats and stronger crib hardware to prevent loose parts. look for baby cribs that meet cpsc (consumer product safety commission) requirements or have the jpma (juvenile products manufacturers association) seal of approval. if you\u2019re using a hand-me-down from an older sibling, check to make sure it hasn\u2019t been recalled. convenience. consider baby crib brands or retailers that make sense for you, whether that means being able to drive up and load the bed into your car or having it delivered to your door. most importantly, when researching the best cribs, be sure that the one you have your eye on doesn\u2019t have to be special-ordered or have a long waiting period (unless you\u2019re absolutely certain you have that luxury of time). budget. it\u2019s not just about the cost of the baby crib. you\u2019ll also need to budget for a crib mattress as well, which can run about $100 to $500. add-ons. purchase the accompanying toddler rail or conversion kit now if you know you plan on converting your baby crib to a toddler bed in a few years. it\u2019s better to have it on hand than to find out down the line that the model you have has been discontinued. bedding. you don\u2019t need anything beyond a fitted crib sheet for baby cribs. while a matching crib skirt is optional as a decorative touch, skip the bumpers, quilts and pillows, which pose safety hazards. finding a baby crib that aligns with your unique needs is only half of the process\u2014you\u2019ll then want to make sure it\u2019s set up and used safely. this way, you can create a sleeping spot for baby, that\u2019s comfy, dreamy and secure. below, find safety tips to keep top of mind:. age. depending on your preferences, baby can use a crib from the time they come home from the hospital. if you start off with a bassinet, be sure to transition your infant to a crib when they physically outgrow the space, show signs of rolling over or sitting up or are around the three-month mark, advises jillian thistel, a certified pediatric sleep consultant and founder of twinkling stars pediatric sleep consulting in ontario, canada. as your tot approaches the age of 3, they\u2019ll probably be ready for a toddler bed. keep in mind: each child develops at a different pace, so make the decision when it feels right for you and your little one, or when they physically outgrow their crib to avoid safety risks. setup. first and foremost, follow the instructions given by the manufacturer to ensure the crib is assembled correctly (without any loose screws or bolts!), says thistel. if you lose any parts, such as screws and washers (because pregnancy brain!), don\u2019t improvise. instead, call the company and ask for replacements; the customer rep should be happy to provide them. most importantly, remember to assemble your baby crib in the room you plan to use it in\u2014you don\u2019t want to learn the hard way that it won\u2019t fit through the door! placement. avoid placing their child\u2019s crib near any outlets; furniture that could be a potential safety hazard; windows with blinds, cords or strings or walls with frames or hanging decor that could fall\u2014the same goes for mobiles that attach to or hang over the bed. for baby\u2019s comfort, the crib also shouldn\u2019t be placed where direct sunlight hits, notes thistel. bedding. make sure you\u2019re up to date on all safe sleep guidelines from the american academy of pediatrics (aap). for starters, when making your infant\u2019s bed, use a fitted sheet only\u2014nothing else should be in the crib with baby. moreover, there shouldn\u2019t be any gaps between the mattress and the bed. once baby reaches their first birthday, you can introduce a small lovey, says thistel, but the bed remain free of bumpers, pillows, loose bedding and anything else that could pose a suffocation risk. mattress height. most modern cribs feature adjustable mattress height settings that adapt to your child\u2019s changing needs. thistle advises parents to lower the crib\u2019s mattress height when baby shows signs of sitting up independently, rolling over or getting up onto their hands and knees. the best baby cribs not only look good, but also grow with your child and offer a host of features to meet their changing needs. ready to shop the options? just try not to get sleep envy as you take a look at our picks for the best cribs below. what\u2019s not to love about babyletto\u2019s hudson 3-in-1 convertible crib? it\u2019s made of greenguard gold-certified materials and sits on sturdy legs, making us inclined to list it among the safest cribs too. reviewers say it takes only about a half an hour to an hour to build, with beautiful results. it\u2019s available in variations of white, gray, espresso and natural pine wood, so it easily fits into a modern nursery or a traditional room. on the hunt for a baby bed with a narrow footprint? look no further than this top-notch mini crib. its small stature makes it perfect for room sharing with baby (which the aap recommends for at least the first six months), or for those in need of a space-saving solution. the 4-in-1 crib can even be converted into a small daybed or a twin-sized bed as your child gets older. what\u2019s more, it comes in several chic colors, like olive, cool gray and dusty blue. a convertible crib is ideal for parents looking for a sleep spot that will grow with their child through several stages. this modern design does just that. it transitions from a crib to a toddler bed to a daybed, and comes with a conversion kit for your convenience. choose from several modern hues, all finished in non-toxic paint that\u2019s lead- and phthalate-free. pop it open and lay baby down! babybjorn\u2019s travel crib is a great solution for nights spent at hotels or a relative\u2019s house. the light design weighs in at a mere 13 lbs., and it comes with a carry case to make packing (and unpacking) a breeze. another top selling point is the vented sides that make it easy to see what your little one is up to in there. for safety, use only the mattress that this portable crib comes with. this travel crib has no upper weight limit but should stop being used by your little sleepyhead when they reach the three-year mark or they\u2019re able to climb out of the bed themselves\u2014whichever comes first. a wooden crib is a classic for a reason. the timeless design is given an update in this convertible crib, which seamlessly combines vintage-inspired and modern aesthetics. it consists of a sturdy frame and thick spindles\u2014plus, the 3-in-1 crib will last your little one through toddlerhood. better yet, this pick is made from 100 percent sustainably sourced pine wood, is greenguard gold-certified and features hidden hardware construction, ensuring a safe sleep environment for baby. we get it\u2014baby gear can get expensive, which is why we love multi-purpose designs that last for years. take this 3-in-1 crib from nestig, for example. its simple, attractive shape is inspired by the ocean\u2019s organic movement, and works as a mini crib, a full crib and a toddler bed. thanks to its lockable wheels, you\u2019ll be able to move it from room to room with ease. save on space by opting for a baby crib with changing table, like this pick. the classic design is made from pine wood, and offers a safe sleep spot for baby from their newborn days right through adulthood\u2014seriously, it converts into a full-size bed with a headboard. on its side, you\u2019ll find a convenient changing table with three drawers and two open shelves\u2014plus, there are even two extra storage compartments under the bed for added convenience. you may have heard of a smart bassinet, but what about a smart crib? these high-tech baby beds offer plenty of bells and whistles, all in a stylish design\u2014just like this option from cradlewise. during your little love\u2019s first months at home, use the bassinet feature, then seamlessly transition it into a crib as they get older. best of all? this baby crib comes equipped with a built-in monitor that detects when your little one is stirring and responds with gentle movements to soothe them back to sleep. you can even connect this smart crib to your phone for a live video or audio stream at any time, day or night. it\u2019s no wonder this option is a best of baby award-winner! next up on our list of the best cribs for babies is this luxurious option. simply elegant, the modern crib is made from solid european ash wood, lending to its aesthetically pleasing look. its minimalist spindles offer visibility on all four sides, so you can supervise your little sleeping beauty with ease. what\u2019s more, it easily converts into a toddler bed, a daybed or even a sofa, so it can be a staple in your home for years to come. prefer a design that\u2019s a bit different than the rest? opt for this chic round baby crib from stokke. your child can use this beech wood bed from their first days at home up until their fifth birthday, thanks to its versatile 3-in-1 design. plus, it\u2019s equipped with wheels that lock for added convenience and safety. choose from three natural colorways to complete your dream nursery. ultra-modern see-through baby crib models are all the rage. adopt the stylish look without the hefty price tag, thanks to this convertible crib option. the 4-in-1 baby bed works as a crib, a toddler bed, a daybed and a sofa, so it will adapt to your family\u2019s changing needs over the years. it even has three adjustable height positions to ensure your little one is safe and comfy. creating an adorable nursery for your child doesn\u2019t have to cost a small fortune. case in point: this affordable baby crib. made from pine wood, it offers a sturdy (and aesthetically pleasing) sleep space for baby\u2014plus, thanks to its 4-in-1 design, it\u2019ll last your child for years to come. best of all, it rings in at just under $150. jillian thistel is a certified pediatric sleep consultant based in ontario, canada. she is a member of the association of professional sleep consultants and the founder of twinkling stars pediatric sleep consulting. plus, more from the bump:. 9 best places to shop for adorable nursery decor. best crib mattresses for a peaceful nights sleep. 12 best crib sheets for baby. the best cribs are not only the safest options for your baby\u2019s sleep, according to the american academy of pediatrics, but also the main component for building good sleep hygiene. as certified pediatric sleep consultant, kelly murray put it, \u201csleep is important for a baby\u2019s cognitive development, emotional regulation, immunity and even physical growth.\u201d and if that baby\u2019s caretakers aren\u2019t getting enough sleep, it takes a toll on everyone\u2019s physical and mental health. the nestig cloud crib converts from a mini crib to full crib to toddler bed, making it a wonderful ... [+] long-term option. there\u2019s only one catch when choosing a crib: there are a lot of options, so it\u2019s important to determine your needs as a family in terms of size, style and features. \u201cthe best crib is the crib that works for you and your family,\u201d notes cassie shortsleeve, a mom of two, perinatal health coach, founder of dear sunday motherhood and co-founder of the chamber of mothers. \u201cit creates a safe sleeping space for your child and meets their needs, as well as yours as a family. it also hopefully, makes your life a little easier.\u201d. with all of this in mind, we spoke with parents, gathered expert advice and leaned into our own parental know-how to identify the best cribs that you\u2019ll find below. after perusing this article, you may want to check out additional newborn essentials, including the best crib mattresses, crib sheets, swaddles and baby monitors. materials: new zealand pine wood | dimensions: 53.8 x 29.8 x 35 inches | convertible: yes. a classic look and timeless craftsmanship are two hallmarks of this modern, ultra-popular crib. \u201cthe babyletto hudson 3-in-1 is one of my favorite cribs, because it\u2019s good looking, it grows with your baby and you get more bang for your buck,\u201d says murray. \u201cthe materials are all sustainable and it\u2019s greenguard gold certified to ensure your little one is safe from harmful chemicals. it\u2019s got a low profile and three different height settings for the mattress to adjust up and down.\u201d. in addition to being a beautiful, safe and adaptable option for your child\u2019s room, the babyletto is also beloved because a conversion kit is included. this allows families to transition from a full-size crib to a toddler bed to a day bed as their child grows. it comes in eight stunning neutrals, perfect for maintaining a zen-like ambiance in your nursery. as a plus, parent reviewers say one of the most gratifying features is how easy it is to put together, which is a rarity when it comes to assembling pretty much anything baby-related. materials: brazilian pine, steel and eco-engineered wood | dimensions: 31 x 30.25 x 22 inches (mini); 36 x 54 x 30.25 inches (full) | convertible: yes. it\u2019s easy to see why the nestig cloud crib is a cheery addition to any nursery, but the real charm of the crib is in its functionality. while many convertible cribs change from a full crib to toddler bed, the nestig stands out because it can also be used as a mini crib (with wheels) for infants, then a full-size crib with three adjustable heights and finally, it converts into a toddler bed. one forbes editor who is a new mom to a 6-month-old raved about her nestig to us. \u201cwhile i was pregnant, i went back and forth on whether to buy a bassinet or skip that step given that babies seem to outgrow bassinets quickly, explains sholeen damarwala, a home and shopping editor with forbes vetted. \u201cafter much contemplation, i decided on nestig's convertible crib...i used the mini size for almost three months, and we\u2019ve already dropped the crib height nearly to the floor, because my tall baby is standing at 6-months-old.\u201d damarwala notes that while the crib may seem expensive in upfront costs, she believes the thoughtful conversion options \u201cended up saving me a lot of money.\u201d. another differentiating factor of the nestig is that it includes both a conversion kit and the mini crib mattress; you do need to purchase the crib mattress separately. it also comes with an 18-year limited warranty and is handmade to order with non-toxic materials. another parent i spoke to did say that the crib\u2019s lower profile was a little harder on her back than expected given her height at 5-foot-9. materials: solid pine wood and mdf | dimensions: 25.5 x 39 x 34 inches | convertible: no. one downside of a bassinet is how quickly babies grow out of it. the babyletto mini crib, however, offers more longevity for growing babies, and its small, streamlined size makes it ideal for tight spaces or for secondary locations like grandma\u2019s house. its lightweight-yet-sturdy frame folds for easy storage and wheels lock in place or release for movement from room to room. it includes two adjustable height settings, comes in five nursery-perfect colors and is greenguard gold certified. this crib comes with a one-inch pad, but we recommend purchasing a separate mini crib mattress for this model to keep your baby comfortable. our parenting gear editor borrowed this crib from a friend for several months when her oldest decided she didn\u2019t want to vacate the full-size crib for her incoming younger sibling. \u201cit fit beautifully into our closet-size brooklyn apartment\u2019s nursery nook,\u201d says rose gordon sala, baby and kid gear editor, forbes vetted. \u201ci appreciated the clean lines, as well as the wheels and folding option, which made it a breeze to move and maneuver in the apartment. it also felt really sturdy and my big baby slept comfortable in it for a long time. i didn\u2019t want to return it.\u201d. materials: pine wood | dimensions: 54 x 29.5 x 34 inches | convertible: yes. it seems the moment the word \u201cbaby\u201d enters the equation, things get expensive really fast. according to more than 1,600 ratings and an overall 4.8 out of 5 star rating, this delta crib is a beautiful and budget-friendly nursery option. one reviewer wrote, \u201ceasy to assemble, looks great, fits a standard baby mattress (i have a newton). no complaints! great deal for the price!\u201d it\u2019s made of solid pine and the mattress can be adjusted to three heights as your baby grows. it can also convert to a toddler bed, day bed or couch as your child gets older. the downside is that it is only available in white and the conversion kit to make it a toddler bed is sold separately ($60). materials: polyester fabric, plastic frame | safety certifications: greenguard gold certified | dimensions: 45.5 x 31.5 x 25.5 inches. black friday baby deal: it\u2019s marked down to $200 right now on the guava site. traveling with a baby can cause all kinds of disruptions to their routine\u2014especially when it comes to sleep. the guava lotus combines good design, simplicity and versatility into a travel crib that can lighten your load. it packs into a compact backpack that only weighs 13 pounds (less than some babies). the popular travel crib is easy to set up, has a sturdy frame with strong hinges to handle toddler strength and rests on the ground, so there\u2019s no weight limit. \u201cit\u2019s seamless to set up and break down,\u201d says alex tenney, mom to a 1-year-old girl. \u201ci particularly love that it\u2019s basically one-touch to collapse and also really lightweight. our baby prefers it to her normal crib.\u201d it also has mesh sides to ensure your baby breathes easy, a side opening for helping baby to sleep and soft and cushy side rails for baby and parent comfort alike. it\u2019s our favorite travel crib and one of our favorite pack and plays. materials: pine wood and composite | dimensions: 35.9 x 71.8 x 29.5 inches | convertible: yes. no matter how spacious your home is, it\u2019s easy to feel like there\u2019s baby stuff everywhere. that\u2019s why we love a crib that offers additional organizational support. the graco remi has one large lower drawer with a center divider, three smaller enclosed drawers and two open shelves, so you can keep extra onesies, diapers, wipes and more at the ready. its attached changing table makes changes incredibly convenient (especially in the middle of the night), and it comes with a water-resistant changing pad with a safety strap. talk about a space saver. but this crib\u2019s all-in-one functionality extends far past its convenience and storage capabilities: it also converts from a full-size crib to toddler bed to day bed to full-size bed so you\u2019ll get years of use out of it. the universally appealing design comes in four classic shades, so you have a couple of options in terms of look. it\u2019s also greenguard gold certified and jpma certified. materials: organic cotton, nylon and polyester mesh | safety certifications:  | dimensions: 19 x 35.5 x 30.5 inches. it may seem a little crazy to splurge on a bassinet that babies only use for a few months\u2014but there\u2019s a scientifically-backed reason the snoo is so popular. designed by famed pediatrician dr. harvey karp (author of happiest baby on the block), it plays white noise and gently rocks to soothe tired, cranky babies. if your child starts to fuss, it automatically responds with motion and  white noise. in addition to acting kind of like a night nurse, the snoo mobile app offers sleep insights, a daily sleep report and age-appropriate tips. it\u2019s also gots certified cotton and jpma certified. if the high price tag is off-putting, you can also choose to directly rent the snoo for $159 a month. murray cautions against letting your baby become too dependent on the rocking feature, and you will eventually need to transition from it when you stop renting or upsize your crib. the snoo app\u2019s weaning feature helps you to prep your baby for a traditional crib. see more of our favorite bassinets for room-sharing with your newborn. materials: poplar wood  | dimensions: 57 x 32 x 44 inches | convertible: yes. the pottery barn kids kendall crib is narrow enough that two cribs in one shared space won\u2019t feel as cramped as it might with some wider options, making it ideal for twins. mom natasha hanasab says her pottery barn kids cribs work wonderfully for her twins. they can reach each other through the slats as they fall asleep (how cute is that?), but thanks to the higher head and foot handrails they can\u2019t climb into one another\u2019s cribs. the kendall crib can convert into a toddler bed with an add-on conversion kit ($698 with the crib), is sustainably made and comes in four neutral colors of varying prices. it includes three height adjustments, is greenguard gold certified and matches perfectly with the rest of the pbk kendall furniture set, taking the stress out of outfitting your nursery and allowing you to focus on the things you\u2019ll need once your twins arrive, like lots of baby clothes and a diaper bag. materials: european ash wood | dimensions: 54.4 x 30 x 34 inches | convertible: yes. the kalon studios caravan crib is sustainably made and beautifully crafted. while it\u2019s certainly a splurge, starting at $1,495, soon to be mom to two katie tucciarone says the allure of the crib is its \u201csimple, classic and incredible quality.\u201d in short, the handmade european craftsmanship, oiled ash finish and contemporary design come together to create an heirloom-worthy crib. the crib includes two height adjustments. convert it into a rail-free platform style toddler bed and your youngster grows or nab a conversion kit (also pricey at $795) to turn it into a day bed. in addition to the design and non-toxic and food safe material used by kalon, tucciarone says she appreciates the \u201csourcing transparency\u201d provided by the brand. all in all, the soon to be mom of two (who\u2019s purchased several different brands of cribs) calls it her \u201call-time favorite.\u201d. materials: birch and baltic birch plywood | dimensions: 54 x 30 x 36 inches | convertible: yes. for a sustainably crafted and packaged crib that\u2019s classic in style and will last, the oeuf sparrow crib is worth a look. made from solid birch and baltic birch plywood in a spare, minimalist style, the sparrow is suitable for most nursery styles. the real wow factor isn\u2019t aesthetic, it\u2019s the attention to sustainability and non-toxic materials. the sparrow crib was tested for harmful phthalates or added formaldehyde. it\u2019s also low voc, uses water-based paints and is ul greenguard gold certified, meaning it\u2019s been \u201cevaluated to meet stringent chemical emissions limits,\u201d per ul solutions.\u00a0(a note on safety and purchasing cribs secondhand, however. the oeuf sparrow underwent a safety recall in 2014, nearly a decade ago, but nonetheless, it\u2019s worth checking the date on that crib you\u2019re purchasing.). tucciarone, who purchased this crib for her second child, called it a \u201crefined [and] beautifully made crib,\u201d adding that the aspects of \u201csafety and quality appear top notch, too.\u201d it\u2019s worth noting that the crib is also simple to assemble, raises or lowers to three different heights and converts to a toddler bed (with the purchase of a $275 conversion kit). rose gordon sala, our parenting editor, also vouches for oeuf\u2019s durability as her robin model went through three kids over a decade with barely a scratch. lots of careful consideration goes into our choices for any best item you see on forbes vetted. in this piece specifically, we interviewed two experts to help parents determine key factors that should go into their crib selection. we also spoke with real parents and used personal experience as parents to create a list of cribs to work well for all types of families. additionally, we pored over online reviews and considered quality, price and utility. we also endeavor to update this list regularly to ensure our selections are in stock and still the best option for parents and their babies. this article was last updated in early november 2022. forbes also has rich experience reviewing, reporting on and testing baby and kids gear, including furniture, bedding and nursery essentials. you might want to take a look at some of these, including the best gliders, diaper pails, white noise machines, nursery rugs and night lights. from size to convertibility to safety certifications, there\u2019s a lot to think about when choosing the best crib for your family. consider the following factors to help you decide. cribs are available in several different sizes, from convenient minis to larger convertible models. think about what works for your home. \u201cconsider the size of your space and whether you\u2019ll be room-sharing with your new baby,\u201d says murray. the american academy of pediatrics recommends that your baby sleeps in the room with you for the first six months, and murray advises that \u201csome parents may use a bassinet at first and then move their infant to a full-size crib in a different room, or they may use a mini version that can roll between rooms.\u201d. some cribs can convert into toddler beds (others also morph into twin-size beds) to use past the first few years of a child\u2019s life. this can be more convenient and cost-effective for parents who don\u2019t want to pick out another piece of furniture once their child is ready to move out of the crib. if you want a convertible crib, check whether the model you choose comes with conversion parts or if you need to purchase a conversion kit separately. if the kit is separate, it\u2019s a good idea to pick it up when you buy your crib (instead of waiting until you need it) in case your crib model is discontinued, which does happen as one of our editors can attest. safety is the most important factor to consider when choosing a crib. all cribs sold in the united states must be compliant with consumer product safety commission (cpsc) regulations that focus on the crib\u2019s structural safety. it\u2019s important to remember to fill out that little registration card that you receive with any baby product, including your crib, too. if a recall happens, you\u2019ll hear about it sooner if you register your item. you can also check the cspc recall database periodically. other seals to look for include the juvenile product manufacturers association (jpma) certification, which means the crib has met the highest safety requirements as determined by a third party. when it comes to materials, a crib that\u2019s greenguard gold certified has been tested to possess negligibly low amounts of volatile organic compounds, meaning there is a low risk of pollution and chemical exposure. consider other features that might make your life a little easier. some cribs offer built-in drawers for storage, which is great for organization but can make them bulkier and less portable. some smaller cribs are on wheels so they\u2019re easier to move around the house, making it a breeze to get your sleeping baby from one room to the next. built-in changing tables simplify middle-of-the-night changes and foldable cribs can be a great way to save on storage space. simply put: yes. even if you intend to co-sleep, a crib is essential in creating a safe sleep environment for your baby. when choosing a crib, consider whether your child will be sleeping in their own room or in your bedroom. will your child have a dedicated sleep space, or will the crib need to be moved on occasion? because a crib is often an investment piece, also factor in if you intend to have more children or if you\u2019d like the crib to convert into a toddler bed and eventually a twin- or day-bed. cribs are regulated and safe for newborn use from day one, but it\u2019s important to remember that there should not be anything in the crib other than the mattress and fitted sheet. until your baby can roll over, they may enjoy a swaddle. some parents opt for sleep sacks until their child is old enough for a pillow and blanket. you may also prefer to opt for a bassinet before you move your baby to a full-size crib. a bassinet is best suited for newborns and infants up to 6 months old but sometimes for less time. typically, they\u2019re used for a minimum of three months and a maximum of six months, depending on the size and activity level of your child. a crib, however, can be used from day one of baby\u2019s life up until they\u2019re ready to transition to a toddler bed and later a twin mattress and maybe even a bunk bed. for some, the transition from the crib happens around 18 months, but most parents try to keep their little ones in a crib until they have the emotional maturity to understand when it\u2019s playtime and when it\u2019s time to sleep, so closer to 3 years old. that said, a bassinet is more of a temporary sleep solution and often easier to have in a caretaker\u2019s room, while a crib is essential for much longer. it really depends on each family\u2019s specific needs. we selected the babyletto hudson as the best crib overall for a number of reasons, including its clean lines, convertible options and midrange price point. however, you may prefer another crib for another reason, such as the best travel crib to tote along on your next trip; the best mini crib to tuck into your bedroom, apartment nursery or at the grandparents\u2019 house; or the incredibly flexible nestig cloud crib for its many conversions. we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. why trust us? the best options for your little one, vetted by experts. we updated this article in february 2023 to ensure all cribs and bassinets previously tested and vetted by our experts were in stock and reflected current pricing. we also added several new picks. a baby crib is a major investment \u2014 it\u2019s the space where your child will hopefully spend years of restful nights and naps. as we've learned first-hand, an infant can spend approximately half of any 24-hour stretch inside a crib or bassinet, so we know how important it feels to make the right choice. the good housekeeping institute evaluated dozens of cribs for ease of assembly, ease of adjusting mattress height, portability, construction quality and more. we also surveyed our consumer panel to see which cribs our testers liked using in their real lives over the years. you don't have to sacrifice style or safety when it comes to these best cribs, hand-picked by our experts for your baby's nursery, including convertible cribs, mini cribs, bassinets and travel cribs that fit every budget and space. at the end of our list, we\u2019ve put together top tips to make easy work of finding the best sleep option for your family, including what makes a quality crib and how to set the crib up for maximum safety. we also have advice for how long you should use your crib. first-time parents, take note: cribs are not sold with a mattress! check out our recommendations for the best crib mattresses. babyletto's hudson crib includes the toddler bed conversion kit, so the unit can last through preschool. in our testing, we found this crib easy to install and adjust to varying levels and configurations. the mattress can be set at any one of four levels, which gives you choices as your baby grows. parents also love the mid-century style which fits into a variety of nursery designs from modern to vintage. it's also a great value. the price reflects its sturdy construction, yet it's not a premium-priced crib, and there are a variety of neutral color choices. you can get the matching changer dresser for about the same price. note that it's too short for a crib skirt, so you can save yourself money in that department \u2014 the legs are decorative enough to show off. finally, this boasts a near-perfect star rating from amazon reviewers, who write things like, \"i am so in love with this crib!\". you'll probably spend more on diapers in the first month than you would on this very affordable ikea crib. it's a little more compact than most full-size cribs, just by a tad, but that can make a difference if you have a small space. note that because of its slightly pared-down size, you may also want an ikea crib mattress, though some online reviewers say a standard mattress will fit snugly. \"our nursery was tiny so i appreciated that this was low and unobtrusive with our first baby,\" our tester said. \"we then had our second baby sleep next to our adult bed in this, so again i was grateful for its size and how easy it was to move from room to room.\". it assembles more quickly than many pieces by ikea  \u2014 there are just four simple sides and the mattress support, which is made with wooden slats (not the usual metal). it only has two possible heights. when you're ready for your child to climb in and out of their own bed, just take off the front side and call it a toddler bed for use through the preschool years. this winner of one of gh's 2022 parenting awards looks majorly high-end without approaching the $1,000 mark of actual designer cribs. we love the vintage, almost antique look and agree with our testers who said its metal construction and weight (a whopping 70 pounds) make it feel sturdy and secure. this crib is super simple and can be built in under a half hour. you just might want another person on hand to help hold the weight of the sides as you attach them. the mattress can be placed at any of four different levels; you'll want to start with the highest level for your newborn and then lower the mattress as your baby grows and begins to try to pull to a stand. later, the winston can be turned into a toddler bed, a daybed or a full-size bed's headboard and footboard with add-on conversion kits that you buy separately. (here's the rail for the toddler bed.). related: 50 must-have baby registry items of 2023. if you like modern-rustic decor \u2014 a sort of farmhouse chic \u2014 and have a nursery wall that can accommodate a highback crib, this is a beautiful choice. the price reflects its grand size, curved and carved back piece and the fact that it comes with a toddler rail so it can be used for years. like other cribs on our list, this one can convert to a daybed, and the front and back pieces can bookend a full-size bed frame, sold separately. you can complete the look with the matching six-drawer asher dresser with a changing-station top, to tie the nursery together. most customers order the furniture online, and it arrives unbuilt. the pieces of this crib are larger and more intricate than others we recommend, so do a quick inspection of the wood for any damage from shipping before you put the crib together. (it's rare, but it can happen with any crib.). we have a tester parent on staff who told us, \"i absolutely love this crib. great material, fantastic look and it was pretty easy to assemble and set up.\". the classic design of this affordable crib can transition from a crib into a toddler bed, day bed or full-sized headboard and footboard. to make this a toddler bed, remove the front piece and add the graco universal toddler guardrail. to make it a daybed, simply remove the front crib piece and add pillows. for a big-kid bed conversion, you'll mount the front and back of the crib to a metal bed frame. this crib and some others on our list are made of pine, which is affordable but softer than poplar wood, for instance. we've built it and feel it's sturdy enough to sustain regular wear and tear, though online reviewers do occasionally complain about chips and dings in the soft wood over time. our experts found the crib easy to adjust to each of the three heights, and we like the low price. even if you only ever use this in its baby-crib setup, it's a money saver. the nursery inspo over at pottery barn is pretty irresistible. two of the brand's best-selling cribs boast traditional designs, this kendall along with the larger larkin. we have tested and love both cribs but lean toward the kendall because it is often more affordable, can fit in smaller homes (we set it up in an apartment) and it's available in this gorgeous navy color (a breath of fresh air among all the neutrals!). the kendall can convert to a cute toddler bed with the addition of the toddler rail conversion kit. because this is a hefty crib when fully assembled, weighing some 77 pounds, you might want to splurge on the pottery barn's white glove delivery service, where team members assemble the furniture in your nursery for you. (if it's available in your area, it usually costs a couple hundred dollars.) one of our testers took advantage of the service and found it worth it for the speed and peace of mind. for those looking to maximize storage, the colby features a built-in drawer in the base. expect assembly to take a little bit longer as you put that in place; it also makes the crib slightly heavier than a plain wooden crib (almost 60 pounds, even with nothing in the drawer). testers who have used the under-crib storage say it's a great place to stash extra fitted sheets and pajamas for middle-of-the-night accidents. but some online reviewers write that the drawer can get caught on high carpeting and sometimes comes off its rails. like others on this list, the colby is both greenguard gold certified and can be converted to a toddler bed, daybed and full-size bed with conversion kits that you purchase separately. (here's the link to the toddler rail to give you an idea of how that works.) the mattress can be set at any of four different levels so you can lower it as your baby grows. a mini crib is great for those short on space thanks to its shorter length. some reviewers also say they use one of these for each of their twins since two mini cribs fit in a nursery more easily than two full-size cribs. the kalani can hold up to 50 pounds and has high sides, just like a full-size crib, though your child might start looking like they're filling out the space as they approach their second birthday. we like that this is also a convertible crib, which is not too common in the mini-crib world. that means you can easily turn this into a toddler mini crib with a mini crib rail. or buy the twin bed conversion kit and the front and back panels become the headboard and footboard of your child's first twin bed. it could be a tiny daybed, too. note that you'll need a mini crib mattress that's sized to fit this and must also use fitted mini crib sheets. not all travel cribs are actually all that portable, so we love that this crib is light (just 13 pounds) and folds down compactly into its own carrying bag to put into your trunk or to carry onto an airplane. it comes with its own mattress, but you do have to buy the fitted sheet separately. it's easy to set up and break down once you're done using it. both the mattress and fabric frame are machine washable so cleaning isn't a hassle, either. our testers loved the airy mesh sides that make it easy to see the baby. the only occasional complaint is that since the baby is on the floor level, it can be chillier there, so depending on the climate you may want to dress your baby in warm pajamas. the snoo smart sleeper is a bassinet that takes the guesswork out of swaddling your newborn. it comes with an integrated system to help make sure your baby is properly positioned and cuddled up for sleep. you can also activate rocking and sound capabilities which turn on if the bassinet's microphones detect a crying baby. basically, sleep training is built-in because it adjusts to the needs of your child to help them fall asleep on their own. \"getting extra rest definitely made me a better mom, and with this, my daughter slept in longer stretches and learned to self-soothe,\" says stefani sassos, director of the good housekeeping institute nutrition lab and mom to a 1-year-old. \"i did need customer support for a few questions, and any time i called they were helpful and knowledgeable. they also had advice for transitioning her out of the snoo.\". the snoo is for the first 6 months and then your baby will move to a regular crib. this revolutionary bassinet is pricey, but our testers think it's worth it and have raved about what a game-changer it was for them. read our full review: why the snoo is worth it. if you're looking for a sturdy and versatile bedside sleeper, this is a great pick. it has an adjustable base to fit varying bed heights, and you can rotate and swivel the bassinet to bring your baby closer to your adult bed when desired. one of the mesh walls lowers a bit to make it easier to scoop your baby out and set them back inside. you might not even have to leave your bed to feed and cuddle your infant, making this nice for anyone recovering from a c-section. we've had several testers say that the bassinest was super helpful during the first four to six months. like other bassinets, you will need to transition your infant out of this and into a regular crib by about the six-month mark. some online reviewers note that the electronic features, including vibration and sound, are weaker on this bassinet than on others, but not all babies need electronics to get to sleep. if you've already invested in our top-tested stroller, the uppababy vista v2, consider the wooden stand accessory that's compatible with the stroller bassinet. the bassinet top travels with you on outings, riding atop the stroller frame, then when you get home you can just snap it off the stroller and onto this stand, which keeps your infant raised up off the floor. you can use this as an additional sleep space in your home, or you can use this in your bedroom as your baby's only bassinet for the first six months before you start using your crib. you can also easily fold it up and store it away if you're tight on space. once your baby outgrows the bassinet, the stand can then be used with a hamper to keep it useful for years. the experts and parents of the good housekeeping institute tested a variety of convertible cribs, travel cribs and bassinets for this story. we looked at the top brands and primarily focused on sleep spaces that have been on the market for years, earning online reviews in addition to our feedback from testers nationwide. new cribs must adhere to rigorous federal safety standards (astm standards f1169, consumer safety specification for full-size baby cribs and f406, consumer safety specification for non-full size baby cribs/play yards). these standards take into account things like the maximum distance between slats (no wider than 2 3/8 inches apart), crib side configuration, impact tests and more. we also give preference to sleep spaces that carry the juvenile product manufacturers association certification seal (jpma), which means the crib has been third-party tested for conformance to the safety guidelines. we note if a crib (or any baby furniture) meets the greenguard gold certification, which means that it has been vetted to ensure low chemical emissions. it's important that baby cribs be sturdy and easy to build following the manufacturer's instructions, so in each case, the cribs and bassinets were put together by testers in their homes. our final list takes into account our product pros' favorites, reviews from our parent testers and popular brands with hundreds of five-star reviews. there are several sleep options for your baby. the right one depends upon your baby's age, needs and sleep environment, as well as your own willingness to purchase additional products. \u2714\ufe0f a bassinet is a nice option for the newborn phase. it can be near your bedside for around-the-clock feedings, and your baby may like the coziness of it. but you'll have to purchase a larger crib eventually \u2014 the bassinet should be swapped out before your child can sit up, which usually happens around 6 months old. hopefully, by that time, your child has given up multiple night feedings so it will be easier for parents to transition as well. \u2714\ufe0f a mini crib is larger than a bassinet but smaller than a full-size crib. it's a nice option if you live in a small space, have multiple babies to put to sleep or plan to move the crib around a lot in the early days. \u2714\ufe0f a convertible crib is a common full-size crib option. as the name implies, it can convert from a crib into other more grown-up bed options. most cribs these days can be switched into a toddler bed. others sell kits that let you use parts of the crib to bookend a twin or full-size bed. longer use is appealing; we love to upcycle! but the jury is out on how many parents use the front and the back of the crib for a big-kid headboard and footboard into the big-kid years. in our own experience: the bigger the kid, the more ideas, preferences and opinions they have about their bedroom furniture, so many parents we know end up buying new beds anyway. you may not want to buy all the conversion parts too early. if you're shopping for a nursery crib and not a bedside bassinet or a travel crib, here's what to look for:. \u2714\ufe0f adjustable mattress heights: three or more are ideal. keep the mattress at the highest level when your child is a newborn so you don\u2019t have to reach too far to scoop your baby out. as your baby grows, you\u2019ll have to lower the mattress height so your baby can\u2019t easily climb out. when your child can pull up to a standing position, the mattress should be down at the lowest level near the floor, as shown in this photo of the davinci colby crib. \u2714\ufe0f convertible features: convertible cribs are great for extended use. you can keep using your crib mattress in the toddler-bed setup. if you end up buying a separate toddler bed anyway (maybe you need the crib for a baby sibling), you can still use your same crib mattress in the new toddler bed. \u2714\ufe0f mobility: consider if you're going to be moving your baby's crib a lot. instead of opting for a travel crib, mini crib or bassinet, you can opt for a lightweight design for greater mobility. there are also some cribs with wheels; if you get one with them, make sure that they can lock into place for safety. the safest crib is one that adheres to modern crib safety standards, is made with safe materials and is properly set up for a baby with only a crib mattress wrapped in a fitted crib sheet. no toys, blankets or pillows should be in your baby's sleeping space. the crib will still look cute: see our photo for how the delta simmons crib is set up in a tester's home. also, consider:. \u2714\ufe0f proper setup: there shouldn\u2019t be any gaps larger than two fingers between the crib mattress and the crib sides. position the crib wisely in the room, away from windows and cords. also, be sure a baby monitor cord is not within reach of the crib. finally, there shouldn't be anything hanging on the crib that the baby can pull. \u2714\ufe0f buy new: it\u2019s best to buy new and avoid a hand-me-down. then take the extra step to mail in the card that your crib comes with, registering it so you\u2019ll be alerted if there is a recall. if you do opt for a used crib, check that the crib has not been recalled and do a safety check yourself. it\u2019s important not to substitute the hardware on your child's crib: if you need to replace a piece of hardware you should only do so by getting the piece directly from the manufacturer. \u2714\ufe0f don't paint your crib: crib manufacturers often take pains to finish a crib with a low-voc color or varnish, taking into account the fact that a teething or just curious baby might chomp on the crib rail or slats. while some design experts might safely paint a crib, it's not generally recommended. cribs run the gamut from about $150 to more than $1,000 with materials, features, brand names and more coming into play. you can easily buy a safe crib for under $300, but cribs can go into the thousands if you want a special design, something made in the usa or a crib that comes with customer service including setup. when budgeting, keep in mind you won't just be buying a crib: you have to factor in a crib mattress, which can be another $100 to $500, a couple of fitted crib sheets, a crib conversion kit if you opt for a convertible crib plus the cost of assembly if you don\u2019t plan on doing it alone. depending upon your child\u2019s size, developmental skills and preferences, you may move your child out of the crib at about age 2, or you could leave your child in until they're upwards of 5 years old. one factor is height: when your child can climb out of the crib or is over 35\" tall (usually by 3 years old), they may be safer in a toddler bed so they don't try any daring escape acts. another deciding factor for many parents is potty training, which often kicks into high gear at about age 3. if you want your child to be able to take themself to the potty at night or first thing in the morning, you will need them to be able to step out of their own bed. the good news is that all the cribs on our list turn into toddler beds for this purpose. to convert a crib to a toddler bed, move the mattress to its lowest level and take off the front crib panel. you can just leave it like that, but to prevent a toddler from accidentally rolling out at night, many manufacturers will provide or sell a toddler rail for you to install. the good housekeeping institute has tested consumer products for more than 100 years. we lean on the engineers and scientists in our new york city-based lab for controlled tests but we also collect data from consumer panelists nationwide. for instance, that's a baby sleeping in the snoo whose parents provided us with feedback about their experience. parenting content is led by chief technologist & executive technical director rachel rothman, a mom of three kids ages 6 and younger and a 15-year veteran of the institute. she is always scouting new technology for families and runs annual programs such as the good housekeeping toy awards. she did the initial reporting for this article. this story was updated by contributing writer jessica hartshorn who covered the baby-gear market for two decades on staff at american baby magazine and parents magazine. if you're hunting for baby gear she's also listed the best high chairs and the stroller-car seat combos. rachel rothman (she/her) is the chief technologist and executive technical director at the good housekeeping institute, where she oversees testing methodology, implementation and reporting for all gh labs. she also manages gh\u2019s growing research division and the analysis of applicants for the gh seal and all other testing emblems. during her 15 years at good housekeeping, rachel has had the opportunity to evaluate thousands of products, including toys and cars for gh\u2019s annual awards programs and countless innovative breakthroughs in consumer tech and home improvement. jessica (she/her) is a freelance writer with several decades of experience writing lifestyle content and evaluating home and parenting products. a mom of two teens and two cats, her previous work can be seen in american baby and parents. 11 best travel strollers of 2023. 9 best infant car seats of 2023. 7 best bubble machines to buy right now. 8 best baby sound machines of 2023, expert-tested. 10 best baby bouncers of 2023, tested by experts. the best collapsible wagons. 11 best double strollers of 2023, expert tested. 7 best baby swings of 2023, tested by experts. big news for the snoo. ergobaby carrier review of 2023, tested by experts. 10 best swing sets of 2023. a part of hearst digital media. good housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. watching your little one peacefully snoozing in their crib is one of the greatest pleasures of parenting. whether you use a crib from day one or transition into one later, most parents get years of use out of this nursery essential. in addition to a bassinet or a playard that\u2019s approved for sleep, a crib is the safest place for your baby to sleep. what type of crib you select is up to you. some parents opt for a full size crib from the start, while others go for a mini crib either because of space restrictions or preference. no matter which style or brand of crib you choose, it\u2019s important to always follow safe sleep guidelines. your baby should be placed on their back on a firm sleep surface with a fitted sheet with no other bedding, blankets or soft objects like toys or stuffed animals. the american academy of pediatrics recommends room sharing\u2014when a baby sleeps in the parents\u2019 room, close to the parents\u2019 bed but on a separate sleep surface\u2014for at least the first six months. although you can use a crib for your baby from day one, many parents choose to start off with their baby in a bassinet. even if you don\u2019t plan on using a crib right away, consider putting one on your registry since it\u2019s an expensive item that friends and family may want to pitch in to get for you. there are a few basic types of cribs to consider when doing your research on the best baby crib for you. most parents choose their crib by style, size, price or a combination of all three. here are a few things to keep in mind while you\u2019re shopping. yes, the cpsc regulates standard sizing for both full-size cribs and full-size crib mattresses, so even if you select a crib and a mattress from different manufacturers, they should work together. there is one safety detail you\u2019ll want to be aware of, however. while the interior dimensions of every crib manufactured in the u.s. must be a standard size, there is a little wiggle room on each side. (5/8 of an inch, to be exact.) to be extra safe, you\u2019ll want to check the fit of your crib and crib mattress\u2014especially if they\u2019re from different brands\u2014just in case. a good rule of thumb to follow is if you can fit more than two fingers between the mattress and the crib frame, you don\u2019t have a snug enough fit, and your mattress could pose a suffocation hazard to your baby. learn more about how to choose a crib mattress in our best crib mattresses guide. do you think this content is helpful? let our editors know! whether you\u2019re going for crisp, clean lines, a mid-century modern look or something in between, there are a lot of (gorgeous) modern cribs across all different price ranges. most are gender-neutral and versatile enough to work across many different nursery styles if you\u2019re not entirely sold on a modern look. most also convert into toddler beds, daybeds or full-size beds once your child is old enough. you don\u2019t have to spend a lot of money on a sturdy, stylish crib. and you don\u2019t have to sacrifice features, either\u2014many of these budget-friendly cribs convert into toddler beds, so they\u2019ll be around for the long haul. traditional, classic-style cribs often have features like curves, crown or other types of moldings, nailhead trim or upholstered sides. they fit any style of nursery decor and are most often found in white or natural wood tones. these cribs are a fun way to add a touch of vintage style to a brand-new nursery space. two of the most popular styles are metal cribs (inspired by iconic american cribs of the past) and jenny lind-style spindle cribs. vintage cribs are usually available in black and metallic finishes and sometimes even fun colors, depending on the brand. with babylist, you can add any item from any store onto one registry. start your registry today and get a hello baby box full of free (amazing!) goodies. handmade. limited edition. chic. high-end craftsmanship. if this is what you\u2019re looking for in a crib, consider these luxury picks. upscale cribs don\u2019t come cheap, but if budget isn\u2019t an issue or if you\u2019re looking for an heirloom piece to use for multiple children, these high-end cribs might be right for you. a mini crib is a smaller version of a full-size crib and shares many of the same features\u2014just in a reduced size. mini cribs are often portable and more compact than their full-size counterparts and are a good solution if you live in a small space or simply prefer a more minimal sleeping solution for your baby. another space-saving nursery option is a crib with built-in storage. these types of cribs often feature drawers or trundle-style storage spaces, changing tables and nightstands. sometimes these add-ons detach (like a nightstand or a dresser, for example) so you can use them separately once the crib is converted into a bed. \u00a9 2011-2023 babylist, inc. nursery design studio. sourcebook for an inspired nursery. all products featured on nursery design studio are independently selected by our editors. however, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. we are picking the best cribs, from modern to classic and mid-century, for a stunning and elevated nursery design in 2023. the best cribs for a nursery provide a safe place for a baby to sleep on. the safest place for a baby to sleep is in a crib or bassinet in the parent's room, according to the american academy of pediatrics. the american academy of pediatrics and the consumer product safety commission strongly advise parents against having their baby sleep on the parent's bed because of the potential for suffocation. when\u00a0choosing a crib for the nursery, ensure it meets cpsc safety standards. in addition, pay attention to the materials and finishes used. choose cribs made with non-toxic paints and stains, tested for lead and phthalate content.\u00a0checkout this crib safety guide below:. the right crib can also enhance a\u00a0nursery design. we think of a crib as the key piece of nursery furniture, and often the other nursery furnishings are centered around the crib we've chosen for the space. whatever the style, color, or build- a crib is a design opportunity to be harnessed. there are many different types and styles of cribs to choose from. when choosing a crib, we tend to always gravitate towards convertible cribs that can grow with the baby. with the help of a conversion kit, it can convert to a toddler bed and sometimes even into a standard-sized bed frame or a daybed. to help you get an understanding of the types of cribs making waves in the interiors world right now, we are rounding up the best baby cribs that are setting the tone for nurseries now and in 2023. if you are planning a nursery decorating project in 2023, keep scrolling to find a crib you'll love. we're calling it: traditional cribs are having a revival, and this kalani convertible is one of best traditional cribs in 2023. it is well constructed, sturdy, has four adjustable mattress positions and grows with baby-all at a very reasonable price. this is one of the most beautiful traditional cribs with details such as camelback side panel, square post feet, fluted slats, crown molding along side rails. the crib, is very well made with so much attention to quality and finish. it's also convertible, meaning you'll get your money's worth. this grove convertible crib ticks off all the boxes we look for in a good crib. we love the silhouette, construction, and versatility it offers. we adore this traditional crib with graceful curves and simple lines. if you are designing a modern nursery- the juxtaposition is a winning combo. if you are leaning towards a more traditional space, this crib can add a bit of casualness. love the classic look? consider this crib that's vintage-inspired and has a hand-applied finish. we love the warmth and character it adds to a nursery design. it's the perfect crib to grow with your little one. what makes this crib stand out? the classic details, such as the subtle molding and a curved design. it's a well-made, sturdy crib- built to last and grow with your baby. with a beautifully arched metal frame and decorative ball castings, it is a stylish crib with a timeless style. while it is not a convertible crib, it adjusts to 3 different heights so the baby can use it safely and comfortably until it\u2019s time to graduate to a toddler bed. the hudson crib is always a top pick for modern cribs, and in 2023-it's no exception. what makes this crib special are the stylish rounded spindles, a solid frame, and turned-out feet. with rave reviews, this bestseller speaks for itself. we've used and seen this crib in countless nurseries in 2022 and expect to use it in nursery designs in 2023. it's a beauty with clean lines, warm tones, and quality craftsmanship. this hampshire crib has a simple silhouette, but it sure makes a statement piece to your nursery design. though it's available in different tones, the olive green color is breathtakingly beautiful and versatile. the lolly convertible crib can work for any room style and adds an organic feel to the space. we love the curved corners, tapered legs, and the warmth and casualness it exudes. the harlow is a great convertible crib with a modern design featuring a low profile, clean lines, and acrylic slats. it's also a functional piece with an included toddler bed conversion kit that allows you to convert from crib to toddler bed to daybed. looking for a mid-century modern crib for your nursery design? this peggy convertible crib is one of our favorite mid-century cribs with a modern silhouette, classic rounded spindles and flared tapered legs. this mid-century convertible crib is timeless and elegant. even if you\u2019re not a fan of retro style, the simple design of this piece makes it versatile and easy to incorporate into many nursery styles. we love the dark walnut finish and charm it exudes. the union 4-in-1 convertible crib is an incredible deal with a simple yet beautiful silhouette. it's got four adjustable mattress positions and converts to a toddler bed. we also love the materials and the construction of the crib. don't just take our word-it's got rave reviews from parents like you! the sniglar is one of ikea's best-selling items for a reason. it's so affordable, versatile, and stylish. last updated on november 1, 2022 by tira attygalla. filed under: buying guides tagged with: crib. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. this site uses akismet to reduce spam. learn how your comment data is processed. copyright \u00a9 2023 \u00b7 nursery design studio \u00b7 hello you designs. phoebe sklansky is the associate commerce editor for verywell family who focuses on all things lifestyle, wellness, and family. maya has more than 15 years of experience in digital media and communications and specializes in writing about family, food, and lifestyles. lyndsey garbi, md, is a pediatrician who is double board-certified in pediatrics and neonatology. rich scherr is a seasoned journalist who has covered technology, finance, sports, and lifestyle. we independently evaluate all recommended products and services. if you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.\n learn more. verywell family / kevin liang. whether your little one sleeps in your room or their nursery, a baby crib is essential in order to establish good (and safe) sleep habits. the best baby cribs are well-constructed and have a firm, flat mattress, following the american academy of pediatrics\u2019 (aap) safe sleep guidelines. plus, cribs should fit your space and style. as you shop for a baby crib, you should consider the size of your room, whether you want a standard or convertible crib, sleep safety, your decor style, and of course, your budget. high-quality baby cribs can help babies and caregivers alike sleep better, which we know is precious during the infant stage. some families prefer to start with a bassinet, while others choose a baby crib: as long as safety standards are met, the aap doesn't have a preference between bassinets and cribs. to find the best cribs for babies, we spoke with pediatricians and consulted safe sleep guidelines from the aap to learn more about what sets a top-notch baby crib apart from the rest. with this expert insight, we narrowed our list to 15 top-rated products in different categories and price ranges. our team of editors put the baby cribs through exhaustive long-term testing in their own homes (with their own babies!). for over two months now, we\u2019ve been assessing the cribs for ease of setup, durability, ease of use, adjustability, and value. from assembly and safety to convenience during late-night diaper changes and different stages of the baby\u2019s development, our editors have evaluated all the minute details that make these cribs worth the investment. our test is ongoing, and we\u2019ll keep this list updated as we gain more real-world insights into the performance of these top baby cribs. wood is durable and sturdy. toddler bed conversion kit included. different sizes of screws looked similar during assembly. hard-to-notice chips in the paint after months of testing. the babyletto lolly convertible crib stands out with its appealing design and sturdy build. even after several months of testing, it feels as steady and stable as the day we assembled it. we appreciate the clean, minimalistic design, which is available in nearly 10 different color combinations, matching most decor styles. in particular, we like how the crib frame and railings are in complementary colors, and several color combinations are available. we like that the sustainably sourced pine wood is sturdy and durable, and it doesn\u2019t move in the slightest when parents put their babies down. plus, both the wood and paint are safe for your baby: the wood is greenguard gold certified, meaning that it\u2019s free from thousands of harmful chemicals, and the paint is non-toxic and contains no lead or phthalates. after two months of testing, there were a few slight chips in the paint, but we likely wouldn\u2019t have noticed if we weren\u2019t looking so closely for them. the assembly instructions are clear and straightforward, and we were able to put it together in an hour with two pairs of hands, though we felt it would be doable with just one person. we did learn that two differently sized sets of screws look very similar, causing some initial confusion. however, we like that the screws and other hardware aren\u2019t noticeable on the assembled crib, giving it a clean look. moving the height of the mattress up and down wasn\u2019t difficult, though we do recommend using two sets of hands if you can because once you unscrew the mattress railing on one side, it quickly drops to the floor. it can be a bit heavy for one person to hold when balancing the railing while screwing it into place. the babyletto lolly convertible crib costs $499, which is cheaper than the other full-sized babyletto crib that made our list, the yuzu, which costs $599. plus, this crib already comes with the toddler bed conversion kit, so you\u2019re saving money in the long run. price at time of publication: $499. key specs:dimensions: \u200e53.75 x 30.25 x 35.25 inches | weight: 50 pounds | maximum child weight/height: 50 pounds or 50 inches | conversions: crib, daybed, and toddler bed | greenguard gold certified: yes. two rails for balance. assembly took under 10 minutes. washers leave a mark when moving the mattress. assembling furniture can be a hassle, so we appreciate that the newton x dadada austin convertible crib is a breeze to put together. in fact, we were able to assemble it in just nine minutes, putting the five pieces together with the included hex key. (if we had used a drill, this process might have been even quicker.). raising or lowering the mattress is also intuitive\u2014simply undo four screws, move the mattress up or down, then put the screws back in. the mattress stays securely in place thanks to washers with grooves that dig into the frame, keeping the crib and mattress super sturdy. however, the washers do leave visible scuff marks in the crib frame when you raise or lower the mattress, which may not be an ideal look. we haven\u2019t noticed any wear and tear from regular use after several months. the beechwood crib feels sturdy and looks timeless in each of its colors (white, natural wood, and white). rather than the typical four legs, this crib\u2019s unique construction uses two rails that provide more contact with the floor (so it doesn\u2019t wobble). priced at a middle-of-the-road $450, this greenguard gold certified crib can convert into a toddler bed or daybed, although you\u2019ll need to buy the toddler rail separately, unlike our best overall pick, the babyletto lolly, which comes with the conversion kit included. we appreciate that the paint and finishes are non-toxic and free from lead and phthalates. price at time of publication: $450. key specs:dimensions: \u200e53.54 x 29.53 x 36.22 inches | weight: 51.89 pounds | maximum child weight/height: 50 pounds | conversions: crib, daybed, and toddler bed | greenguard gold certified: yes. lots of configuration options. hasn\u2019t shown signs of wear and tear. some may find the logo on the bottom unsightly. baby gear can get pricey, so we appreciate that the graco benton 4-in-1 crib is not only functional and sturdy but budget-friendly, too. the wooden crib is sleek and well-built, and the base has a handy drawer for storing onesies, diapers, and more. since it\u2019s a convertible crib, it grows with your child (maybe all the way up until college!): it can function as a baby crib, toddler bed, daybed, and full-size bed. the crib has three mattress height options, and adjusting the height is comparable with other cribs in terms of ease. you\u2019ll want to remove the front portion of the crib before moving the mattress, but you can do it with one person (though it\u2019s easier with two). solidly built and durable, the panels on this crib can withstand strong kicks, although the top panel sometimes makes a noise. one baby, in particular, slept approximately 840 hours in this crib in the span of two months, and impressively, it looked the same as the day we built it. however, assembly is lengthy and involved. though there are detailed directions, it was complicated to put together (assembly took us over two hours), and the direction in which pieces should be inserted was not always clear. since you\u2019ll likely only need to assemble the crib once, we don\u2019t think this is a deterrent, but if you want an option with quick and easy assembly, consider the newton x dadada austin convertible crib. you can\u2019t beat the graco benton\u2019s price of $250, and you get a long-lasting, versatile piece of furniture. it fits in well with most nursery decor, though do note that it has the brand\u2019s name in a large font on the bottom of the crib. price at time of publication: $250. key specs:dimensions: 29.72 x 56.73 x 41.68 inches | weight: 53.1 pounds | maximum child weight/height: 50 pounds | conversions: crib, toddler, day, and full-size beds | greenguard gold certified: yes. changing the mattress height is a breeze. conversion kit not included. this crib is simple to put together: the hardware comes clearly labeled, and the packaging makes each part easily identifiable. one parent was able to assemble it by herself in 23 minutes, and it would be even faster with two people. the included turnkey is a little finicky, though. it feels sturdy after assembly, and it still feels just as solid after two months. this crib is user-friendly and available in five classic, simple shades (white, weathered white, navy, gray, and brown wood). it couldn\u2019t be easier to adjust the mattress height: the crib has four built-in supports that are adjustable and a breeze to remove using an allen wrench. all in all, you can adjust the mattress height\u2014there are three options\u2014in under five minutes. though the wood is heavy, it\u2019s high-quality, and the crib is fair-trade and greenguard gold certified. this pottery barn kids crib starts at $599 for select colors, while some options can cost up to $699. though there are less pricey options, like the babyletto lolly convertible crib, you\u2019re paying for white glove delivery, easily adjustable mattress height, quick assembly, and an appealing look. this crib can also convert into a toddler bed, though the conversion kit is sold separately, or you can purchase a bundle. price at time of publication: starting at $599. key specs:dimensions: 32 x 57 x 44 inches | weight: 77.25 pounds | maximum child weight/height: not listed | conversions: crib and toddler bed | greenguard gold certified: yes. helps save space in your nursery or bedroom. putting the mattress base in is confusing. if you\u2019re tight on space or simply want more room in your nursery or bedroom, the babyletto gelato 4-in-1 mini crib measures just 39.75 x 26 x 35 inches and is beautiful to boot. we love its mid-century modern look, with straight lines and two-toned details. like the\u00a0babyletto lolly\u00a0and the\u00a0yuzu crib, it\u2019s made from sustainably sourced pine wood and non-toxic paint, and the design hides the hardware for a cleaner look. this crib\u2019s packaging stands out since each part comes in the box in the order in which you\u2019ll need it, and all tools and hardware are included and clearly identified. while we appreciate the straightforward pictures-only instructions, our one complaint is that the directions for putting in the mattress base are not intuitive, and we had to look up photos to make sure we did it correctly. after two months, the crib still feels sturdy and has held together well. it\u2019s easy to adjust the mattress height up and down with two people, but it\u2019s also doable with one set of hands. while this crib may be small, it has lots of use: it converts into a toddler bed and daybed with the\u00a0toddler bed conversion kit\u00a0(sold separately), and for later years, it converts into a twin or full bed with a\u00a0different conversion kit\u00a0(also sold separately). uniquely, you can switch out the feet on this crib so you can tailor it to your preferred look. at $299, this crib strikes a great balance between price, design, and durability. even if you want to convert it into a toddler bed, purchasing the crib and the conversion kit is pretty affordable and will cost you the same as the\u00a0babyletto lolly. price at time of publication: $299. key specs:dimensions: 39.75 x 26 x 35 inches | weight: 39.6 pounds | maximum child weight/height: 35 inches | conversions: mini crib, day, toddler, and twin beds | greenguard gold certified: yes. includes mini crib mattress and both conversion kits. great for those deciding between a bassinet and a crib. if you can\u2019t choose between a bassinet and a crib, try the nestig cloud crib, which has three conversions: mini crib, full crib, and toddler bed. \u201cmini crib\u201d is the brand\u2019s term for a bassinet, and it\u2019s small and has rolling wheels, so it\u2019s easy to move it to the side of the parents\u2019 bed. when the baby has aged out at 6 months old, it can be converted into a regular-sized crib for babies up to 35 inches tall. assembling this crib is a breeze: there are only a few basic, intuitive steps that one person can easily handle. similarly, adjusting the mattress between the three height options only takes a few steps. however, the packaging materials were a bit dusty, so be prepared for some cleanup after assembly. and while the assembly and height adjustment steps are easy to follow, the pictures could be larger and easier to read. this crib feels super solid and can withstand being repeatedly bumped by the vacuum. the base and rails are constructed from solid brazilian pine wood and finished with non-toxic paint, while the spindles are made from steel. you can choose between walnut and natural wood, but note that shipping takes a while for both colorways: the walnut ships in five weeks, while the natural wood takes six weeks. the $749 price tag may seem steep, but the nestig cloud crib is worth every penny. in addition to its three conversions, it comes with a mattress for the mini crib and kits to convert it into the full crib and a toddler bed. the only things you\u2019ll need to buy separately are crib sheets and a mattress for the full crib, which is a standard size. price at time of publication: $749. key specs:dimensions: 54 x 30.25 x 36 inches | weight: 61.7 pounds (cribs), 17.6 (toddler bed) | maximum child weight/height: 6 months old (mini crib), 35 inches (full crib), 50 pounds (toddler bed) | conversions: mini crib, full-size crib, and toddler bed | greenguard gold certified: no (it is jpma certified). oval shape takes up less space than a traditional crib. a crib on wheels comes in handy if you plan to move it from room to room, or if you don\u2019t have the space to assemble it in the room you\u2019d like to keep it in. the stokke sleepi crib features handy lockable wheels, so it stays in place where you want it to be, and they allow you to move the crib in a rocking motion to help your little one fall asleep. its unique oval shape allows the crib to have slats all around it for optimal airflow (and there are no corners for the baby to bang their head on). the oval shape also takes up less space than a typical rectangular crib, which is a plus, though this may mean it won\u2019t fit through all doorways. even when we moved it from room to room and bumped it into the walls a bit, it looked as good as new, a testament to the solid european beech wood. you can adjust the mattress height to four different levels, which is fairly easy to do, but initial assembly is time-consuming and not intuitive, as parts are not labeled well. (we had to look up a tutorial online.) after assembly, it\u2019s smooth sailing. with this crib, you\u2019re paying for quality, longevity, and an aesthetically appealing look, but at $849, it\u2019s definitely an investment. plus, the toddler bed conversion kit, mattress, and sheets are sold separately, and due to the crib\u2019s unique shape, only the brand\u2019s crib mattress and sheets will fit. if you want a crib that\u2019s still sleek and high-quality but a little less pricey, we recommend the pottery barn kids kendall crib. price at time of publication: $849. key specs:dimensions: 54 x 30.25 x 36 inches | weight: 60.8 pounds | maximum child weight/height: 6 months old (mini crib), 35 inches (full crib), 50 pounds (toddler bed) | conversions: crib and toddler bed | greenguard gold certified: not listed. lots of conversion options. assembly and adjustments are time-consuming. designed to grow with your child, the babyletto yuzu convertible crib has your little one covered from infancy to kindergarten (the recommended age range is birth to 5 years old). it has an impressive eight configurations: bassinet, midi crib, full crib, midi toddler bed, full toddler bed, midi daybed, full daybed, and junior bed. each crib configuration has the option of having four lockable wheels for portability, which we find especially helpful for moving your baby to a quiet space for nap time. the assembly directions are easy to follow, but there are quite a few steps to complete. when assembling the full crib, be sure to secure the two side pieces as tightly as possible to avoid any wobbling. lowering or raising the mattress height is standard, with all four corners needing to be adjusted. (the bassinet and midi crib have four height options, and the full crib has three.). removing the crib rails to convert it into a toddler bed is fairly seamless\u2014you\u2019ll just need to remove six screws on either side. like most convertible cribs, transitioning it to a new configuration is an involved process, though not difficult. we like that this crib is available in white, dark brown walnut, or light brown wood to fit most decor styles, and as a bonus, the mattresses for the bassinet and midi crib are included, though the full crib mattress and all sheets are sold separately. while the babyletto yuzu is $100 more than the babyletto lolly, our top pick, you\u2019re getting eight possible configurations (and two mattresses for the smaller sizes) compared to just three configurations. price at time of publication: $599. key specs:dimensions: 53.8 x 29.8 x 32.6 inches | weight: 86 pounds | maximum child weight/height: 35 inches (crib) | conversions: bassinet, midi (or mini) crib, full-size crib, midi toddler bed, midi daybed, full-size toddler bed, full-size daybed, and junior bed | greenguard gold certified: yes. to evaluate the best baby cribs, our editors have been testing 15 cribs in their own homes, assessing them for value, durability, assembly, adjustability, and more. their little ones have been sleeping in the cribs for months, with parents noting how the cribs have held up over time. to ensure that our list contains the best baby crib recommendations, our editors and their families continue to use these cribs, and we\u2019ll keep this list updated as we learn more about their long-term performance. during our test, we unboxed each crib, taking note of how intuitively the parts were packaged and labeled. next, we timed ourselves as we put together each crib, assessing the ease of the assembly process and whether multiple sets of hands were required. we then inserted the crib mattresses, making sure they fit snugly, and moved the cribs around, shaking the frame and pulling on the bars to test how stable and sturdy they felt. then, we adjusted the mattress height to different settings to see how easy and intuitive it was. over time, we\u2019ve been observing how durable the cribs are, making sure that they still feel sturdy and safe for babies to sleep in. we also spoke with amanda stovall, md, a pediatrician at springfield clinic in peoria, illinois, about crib safety and what to consider when purchasing a crib for your baby. additionally, we consulted crib and sleep safety guidelines from the american academy of pediatrics. there are several types of cribs on the market, and the best fit for your family depends on your space, budget, and long-term needs. this also depends on the size of your family and if you have a spare toddler bed from an older sibling. it\u2019s important to know the difference between the types and what will work best for your family\u2019s lifestyle. when picking a crib, there are several safety considerations to keep in mind. first, it\u2019s vital to check the spacing between the crib's slats. according to the consumer product safety commission, the space between the crib slats should be no more than 2 3/8 inches or 6 centimeters. this is to ensure your baby\u2019s head won\u2019t get stuck should they slip through, says dr. stovall. additionally, always look for missing or cracked slats. you\u2019ll also want to ensure the mattress fits snugly into the crib. if you can fit two fingers between the mattress and crib, it\u2019s not snug enough, dr. stovall tells verywell family. a loose crib mattress poses a suffocation risk if the baby rolls over. once you\u2019ve picked your crib, there are additional ways to keep your baby safe and sound. to avoid strangulation hazards, dr. stovall recommends placing your crib away from drapery and window cords, and pacifiers on cords or necklaces should never be left in the crib. plus, your baby should be the only thing in their crib: items like bumper pads, extra clothing or blankets, and stuffed animals may pose a suffocation or choking hazard, she says. we recommend using a baby swaddle or sleep sack to keep your little one warm and safe. before putting your child in their crib, check how tall the crib's sides are in relation to the top of the mattress to prevent your little one from climbing out and potentially hurting themselves. according to the regulations outlined by the aap, the highest setting should be no less than 26 inches below the top of the mattress. the highest setting is ideal for younger babies who are not yet mobile, typically less than 3 months old, though the milestones are more important than the particular age, dr. stovall says. when your baby begins to roll, lower the mattress so that they\u2019re fully supported if they lean up against the railings, and you\u2019ll want to make sure the mattress is on the lowest level before your baby can pull themselves into a standing position, she says. transitioning a baby to a crib is a matter of choice and lifestyle. some babies start sleeping right away in their cribs, while others may first sleep in a bassinet or play yard. the aap has no preference between a crib and a bassinet as long as all sleep safety standards are met. many of our picks\u2014like the nestig cloud crib\u2014can function as a bassinet or crib, so you can test out what you and your baby like the best. if you go the bassinet route, watch for your baby to show signs of rolling over. once they can roll over (typically around 3 to 4 months old, according to dr. stovall), it\u2019s safer for them to sleep in a crib. the aap recommends that babies sleep in their caregivers\u2019 room until at least 6 months old, so depending on the space you have available, you may want to choose one that first converts into a midi crib, like the babyletto yuzu 8-in-1 convertible crib. this depends on the crib\u2019s age, weight, and height recommendations, in addition to your kiddo\u2019s development, maturity, and sleep habits. generally speaking, little ones should be transitioned into a toddler bed when they reach 35 inches tall or when the crib\u2019s railings hit them mid-chest, says dr. stovall. this ensures that they can\u2019t get out of the crib by themselves, which can be dangerous. baby cribs are available at a variety of price points, so you're sure to find one that fits your budget. they range from as low as $150 up to around $900 or more, but this depends on the style of crib you choose. for example, a crib with a unique shape, such as the stokke sleepi crib, may cost you more than your standard-sized crib. also, consider the material, as a full-sized crib made from acrylic will cost more than a mini crib designed from wood. phoebe sklansky is verywell family\u2019s associate commerce editor. as a commerce writer and avid shopper herself, she enjoys helping readers find the best products for their unique needs. she recommends considering your budget, personal style, space, and future family plans when picking the best baby crib for your lifestyle. (she\u2019s partial to a mid-century modern look.) to write this story, she spoke with amanda stovall, md, an illinois-based pediatrician at springfield clinic, about crib safety. additional reporting by:. maya polton is a former marketing manager and current freelance writer who covers food, home, and parenting. she\u2019s also the mom of an 11-year-old son, a 7-year-old son, and a 3-year-old daughter. her beloved grandmother was honored to buy the crib for her first grandson, and three kids later, that crib is enjoying life as a toddler bed. moon, ry. healthychildren.org. how to keep your sleeping baby safe: aap policy explained. office of the federal register (ofr). safety standards for full-size baby cribs and non-full-size baby cribs; final rule. u.s. consumer product safety commission. crib safety tips. american academy of pediatrics. healthychildren.org. choosing a crib. thank you, {{form.email}}, for signing up. there was an error. please try again. by clicking \u201caccept all cookies\u201d, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. we independently review everything we recommend. when you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. learn more\u203a. we\u2019ve made several edits to the text of this guide to reflect changing prices, including that the ikea sundvik crib that\u2019s long been our budget pick currently costs more than our top pick, the davinci kalani. a great crib will be versatile and solidly constructed, as well as an attractive centerpiece in your child\u2019s room. we spent 15 hours researching hundreds of cribs, and three days assembling and converting 10 of them, before concluding that the davinci kalani 4-in-1 convertible crib is the best choice for most families. this sturdy crib converts to a daybed, toddler bed, and full-size bed, offering the potential for years of use. this sturdy, versatile crib comes with a toddler bar and converts to a full-size bed. *at the time of publishing, the price was $176. we found that most parents don\u2019t want to spend much more than $200 on a crib. the solid, sturdy davinci kalani offers more versatility and value than any other crib we could find at that pricing level. this traditional-looking crib is made of solid wood (sustainable new zealand pine), is greenguard gold certified for low emissions, and comes with a toddler rail for later conversion. unlike most of the cribs we tested, it can also be converted into a full-size bed. the front and back of the crib become the headboard and footboard (you\u2019ll need an $80 conversion kit). this crib is widely available, with plenty of options to buy it without a hefty shipping fee. it comes in seven colors: white, gray, black, and four wood finishes. this bare-bones but attractive option generally functions as well as cribs that cost twice as much. *at the time of publishing, the price was $120. the ikea sundvik is a simple, modern-looking crib that comes in white, a black-brown, or a grayish brown and is made of beech, a hardwood that\u2019s generally considered stronger than the pine used in our top pick. the sundvik\u00a0 has several significant disadvantages when compared to the kalani though: it does not include a toddler rail; the mattress can only be adjusted to two different heights as opposed to four for the kalani; and the crib does not convert to a full-size bed. ikea makes even less-expensive cribs, like the super-cheap sniglar, and the gulliver for $20 more. we didn\u2019t include these cribs in this guide because of ongoing availability issues, but hope to compare them to the sundvik in a future update. note: the sundvik has increased significantly in price since we first named it a budget pick in this guide. this distinctive-looking crib comes on (removable) wheels, includes a toddler bar, and is fast and easy to assemble and convert. *at the time of publishing, the price was $200. the davinci jenny lind\u00a0crib is distinctive in both style and design, with retro spindle posts and wheels that make it much easier than any other crib we tested to move around a room, or pull away from a wall for cleaning. of all the cribs we tested, it\u2019s the only one with either of these features. it\u2019s also the easiest of our four picks to assemble and convert to a toddler bed, and it comes in more color options than any other crib we tested. while the typical crib sticks to white and wood tones, with perhaps a currently trendy gray option thrown in, the jenny lind comes in bright and cheery emerald green, cherry red, coral, navy, and lagoon blue, as well as white, black, and two shades of gray. it\u2019s made of the same new zealand pine as our pick and like our pick is greenguard gold certified for low voc emissions. it doesn\u2019t seem as sturdy, though, with spindle slats and legs, and it costs slightly more. this pricier crib, made of solid poplar, has a sturdy design that\u2019s likely to repel nicks and dings better than our other picks. *at the time of publishing, the price was $320. the pottery barn kendall convertible crib is made of solid poplar, a hardwood that is much less likely to get nicked and dinged than the softer pine used in both our top and also great picks. the handsome, classic-looking crib is relatively easy to assemble and is the only crib we tested that comes with teething bars\u2014strips of plastic covering the top rails on both sides of the bed that prevent the gnaw marks that are common on cribs used by teething toddlers. if you\u2019re someone who cares a lot that your furniture, including a crib, remains pristine-looking, the kendall, which comes in white, gray, or a chocolate brown, may be the crib for you. like our top pick and also great pick, it is greenguard gold certified for low emissions. but it usually costs about twice as much as our main and also great picks, even though it doesn\u2019t come with a toddler bar (you can buy one separately), and doesn\u2019t convert to a full-size bed like our top pick does. our other recommendations are a better value, but if you like the looks of the kendall and budget is less of a concern, it\u2019s a solid option. readers should know that even though we are recommending these four cribs, many of the six competitors we tested for this guide were not terribly flawed\u2014they usually just weren\u2019t as affordable, as versatile, or as sturdy as our picks. this sturdy, versatile crib comes with a toddler bar and converts to a full-size bed. *at the time of publishing, the price was $176. this bare-bones but attractive option generally functions as well as cribs that cost twice as much. *at the time of publishing, the price was $120. this distinctive-looking crib comes on (removable) wheels, includes a toddler bar, and is fast and easy to assemble and convert. *at the time of publishing, the price was $200. this pricier crib, made of solid poplar, has a sturdy design that\u2019s likely to repel nicks and dings better than our other picks. *at the time of publishing, the price was $320. i started my research by reviewing the american academy of pediatrics\u2019s\u00a0data on safe sleep and asking follow-up questions via email of fern r. hauck, md, the director of the international family medicine clinic at the university of virginia department of family medicine, who was on the aap task force on sudden infant death syndrome (sids). (i researched this guide in tandem with wirecutter\u2019s guide to the best crib mattresses.). i then spoke to a lot of parents about how they picked their crib and what mattered to them most when making this purchase. i gathered this information primarily through facebook conversations, but also followed up with emails and phone calls. put your infant to sleep on their back, and avoid putting any bedding other than a fitted sheet inside the crib. this includes blankets, pillows, stuffed toys or bumpers. having gleaned this valuable insight, i then spent about 15 hours researching cribs. i started by identifying popular, affordable models with high ratings. the consumer reports crib buying guide and baby bargains\u2019s review of its best baby crib both served as invaluable resources in this research phase. to better understand the crib design process, including decisions about materials and color palette, i interviewed matthew grayson, a senior designer at million dollar baby, the los angeles-based company that launched with the iconic jenny lind crib about 27 years ago, and now manufactures six brands of children\u2019s furniture under davinci, babyletto, and nursery works labels, among others. i also asked questions via email of the design team at crate and kids (formerly\u00a0the land of nod). personally, i\u2019m a former newspaper editor and current freelance writer who covers health, parenting, and medicine for a variety of national publications. i\u2019m also the mom of a 7-year-old son and 4-year-old boy/girl twins who just moved out of their cribs, which were configured as toddler beds, a few months ago. i\u2019m one of the parents who made a mistake when i purchased my first crib, and picked out one that was expensive and bulky from a brand that delivered the product two months late and then went out of business before i got around to buying a toddler rail. i learned a lot from that experience and realized that price is not always a great measure of quality when it comes to cribs. this guide prioritizes what really matters to parents, and focuses on cribs that are safe, reasonably priced, widely available, versatile, and convertible. babies sleep a lot. and the safest place for them to get that shut-eye is on a firm mattress in a safety-approved crib, according to the american academy of pediatrics. most parents will purchase a crib for a new baby, with some initially finding room for it in a corner of their own room and others immediately making it the centerpiece of a newly decorated nursery. in our research, we found that most families use a crib for about four years, usually removing the front side to convert the crib to a toddler bed or daybed when a child is between 2 and 3 years old. some parents prefer to buy a crib that also converts to a full-size bed that a child can use (with a full-size mattress) through the teenage years and perhaps even beyond. to start the process of determining which cribs to test, i opened a new spreadsheet and listed every crib manufacturer i could find alphabetically. starting with afg furniture and ending with westwood design, there were about 30 entries. for each manufacturer, i did some basic research on the different cribs they offered, noting their price and availability, and reading online reviews. baby bargains\u2019s review of 50-plus crib brands was an invaluable resource during this process. i also looked at the consumer reports crib guide as a cross-reference. after i finished this initial spreadsheet, i went through and eliminated about 15 brands because their offerings were either too expensive (more than $600); available in limited quantities or only at specialty stores; or had largely negative reviews. then i went through my condensed list of brands and added specific crib models to our consideration list. some brands, like ikea, davinci, graco, and pottery barn, had three or four different cribs on that list alone. for each crib, i gathered more information on its price, user ratings, materials, dimensions, color options, ability to convert to a toddler and full-size bed, and other special features. as i was filling in this spreadsheet, i also put out a call on facebook for parents to share what crib they had bought for their kids, and asked parents i know about their crib-buying experience. i heard the same brands crop up again and again, and sometimes even heard about specific models. ikea cribs, davinci cribs, pottery barn cribs, and graco cribs were among the favorites. based on this background research, our interviews with experts and parents, and personal experience, we determined that a great crib should be:. i got down to a shortlist of about eight crib brands that had strong online and in-person reviews and wide availability. six of them were reasonably priced, and two were more expensive but had great reviews and a dedicated following, so we decided to test them in person. in some cases, selecting the specific models to test was easy. davinci\u2019s kalani crib is on a lot of best-of lists, and has the most reviews of any option on amazon, so it was an obvious pick. davinci\u2019s jenny lind, which also has great reviews, is one that people mentioned by name repeatedly, so we decided to check out that one, too. pottery barn\u2019s kendall convertible crib is the brand\u2019s least expensive and most popular model. for some of the brands, we first examined the specs of different models, then spoke to a marketing or communications rep, who told us which models were the most popular with consumers, and why. out of these conversations, we decided to test the babyletto hudson, and the carter\u2019s by davinci colby, which is a newly launched offering. after a conversation with two specialists from storkcraft, graco\u2019s parent company, we decided to test the newer crib from graco, the solano, over the lauren, an older model, because the solano works with the brand\u2019s universal toddler rail and has some unique options available, such as an under-crib drawer and an optional attached changing table. we also decided to test the inexpensive storkcraft pacific based on this conversation. the fisher-price newbury 4-in-1 convertible crib (currently unavailable) was added to our consideration list as a model that gets great reviews, frequently shows up on best-of lists, and is among the brand\u2019s top sellers. finally, after speaking with an ikea representative and considering feedback from several people who have used ikea cribs, we decided to test the popular sundvik crib over the less expensive sniglar or gulliver. the sniglar is out of stock until march 2018, and the gulliver is available in limited quantities until then. (we will update this guide when they\u2019re available.). in the end, we tested a diverse mix of 10 cribs, which vary in price from just over $100 to close to $500. we had 10 cribs delivered in flat boxes to a wirecutter office in downtown los angeles, where i worked with an editorial assistant who has above-average furniture-assembly experience to put together every one of them. this process took the good part of two days\u2014one of them during an oppressive august heat wave that defeated the office\u2019s air-conditioning unit. the sweat we shed came close to that expended by stressed-out new parents. for each crib, i started a stopwatch as soon as we laid the box down on the ground to see how long it took us to put it together. while my assistant, jack, says he enjoys putting together furniture, i can honestly say that this was the first time i had ever tackled a job like this. case in point, i didn\u2019t even know what an allen wrench was when we got started. trust me when i say there was a steep learning curve. the assembly process took the good part of two days\u2014one of them during an oppressive august heat wave. the sweat we shed came close to that expended by stressed-out new parents. we typically unpacked everything in the box first, and took account of the number of pieces laid out on the ground. referring to the written directions, we worked together to assemble each crib. when we were done, i stopped my watch, recorded the time, and made some notes about the process. i highlighted when the instructions were overly confusing or when we made mistakes putting the cribs together, which, sadly, happened a lot. overall, we found through this process that crib assembly varies greatly. some cribs had four parts and took just over 15 minutes to put together; most had a few more parts and took about half an hour to assemble; and two took well over an hour to complete. when each crib was assembled, i popped in a crib mattress to confirm that it fit well (they all did), and ran through a checklist to see how well made and sturdy the crib was. i moved it around the room, shook it, pulled on the bars, and noted where it was easily dinged or nicked. we changed the mattress height for most of the cribs, and converted our top few picks to a toddler bed and back again to see how easy that process was. along with timing and rating the assembly and conversion process, i also analyzed the other items on our list of criteria, including price, materials, color options, and online reviews before determining our top picks. this sturdy, versatile crib comes with a toddler bar and converts to a full-size bed. *at the time of publishing, the price was $176. the\u00a0davinci kalani offers the best balance of sturdiness, quality materials, versatility, and price of the 10 cribs we considered. for about $180\u2014including the toddler rail and free delivery with an amazon prime subscription\u2014the kalani offers a good value for parents who want a crib that\u2019ll last for years. it\u2019s greenguard gold certified for low voc emissions, and we found that the 56-pound crib is much sturdier than other sub-$200 cribs, with thicker legs and side pieces. it\u2019s also the only one of our four picks that converts to a full-size bed. the kalani is made of solid new zealand pine, a sustainable wood that, although relatively soft and easy to ding up, is also quite sturdy in this model. it has a look that could work in both traditional and modern homes and, although it looks relatively large, is only 35 inches tall from the floor to the top of the front rail\u2014the same as some of the other low-profile options we tested (meaning that they\u2019re typically easier for short parents to reach in and out of). it comes in white, gray, and black, and four wood tones that range from a light honey oak to a dark espresso, which has a rich, attractive sheen and is currently the most popular option. the crib is the best-selling model from the davinci brand (part of the million dollar baby company) and has excellent overall reviews, including from about 1,500 reviewers on amazon. unlike most cribs, the kalani\u2019s wooden toddler rail is included in the original price. the crib is widely available at big box stores, including babies\u201cr\u201dus and target, and online at amazon and other retailers, which means there are multiple ways to avoid a shipping fee, which of course can be substantial given that cribs tend to be large and heavy. for about $80 extra, parents can purchase a full-size conversion kit, which includes side rails that allow the crib to transform into a full-size bed (the front and back of the crib become the headboard and footboard). the crib comes in 14 pieces (not including the wire crib mattress support or the toddler rail). while the instructions are straightforward and each of the pieces was clearly marked, it took my assembly partner and i more than an hour to piece together the kalani, significantly longer than for any of our other picks. the conversion to a toddler bed is much easier: it took one person about 15 minutes to convert. we found it was also relatively easy to move the wire mattress support to another one of the four positions when you want to raise or lower the crib\u2019s mattress. many of the cribs we tested had three different heights, or, in one case, only two. the kalani offers more versatility here, though we doubt many parents will end up using all four heights. we talked to several parents who own the davinci kalani crib, and all of them report being happy with the purchase. one wirecutter staff member said that while she relied on a graco pack \u2019n play for her first child, she wanted a crib for her second, and was advised by other parents that the davinci kalani was the way to go. she found the kalani\u2019s setup to be relatively easy (as my assembly partner noted, \u201cyou\u2019re only doing it once\u201d), and she\u2019s now using the crib for her third child as well. another mom of two from new york said she also bought the kalani for her second child and has been happy with the purchase. \u201cit\u2019s a great crib,\u201d she said. there is a one-year warranty for all davinci furniture, and the crib is part of a larger furniture collection that includes a three- and six-drawer dresser. the davinci kalani has two major flaws. the first is an overly difficult assembly. many of the cribs that we tested, including all three of our other picks, have four parts to assemble, plus the mattress support. our other picks also all have front and back pieces that are identical, as well as two interchangeable sides. essentially, they all have symmetrical designs that make it difficult to mess up the assembly. the kalani crib, on the other hand, has 14 pieces out of the box and a sleighlike design with front and back pieces that are different from each other and need to face in a particular direction. although all those pieces are labeled, we felt that the instructions rely too heavily on graphics over written directions. in terms of hardware, the crib uses bolts of five lengths (many cribs have just one or two), barrel nuts, wood dowels, and two types of washers. to put it together, you need the allen wrench, which comes with the crib, as well as a phillips screwdriver, which does not. we made several mistakes along the way and got pretty frustrated putting this crib together. most amazon reviewers say that the kalani takes about an hour to assemble (\u201cbeautiful crib, nightmare to put together,\u201d one person titles their review); in our case, the assembly took 78 minutes\u2014the second longest out of the 10 cribs we tested, and a full hour more than some of the easier to assemble options. the second flaw is that the new zealand pine used in this crib is incredibly soft. when i dropped one of the sleigh pieces from about a foot from the ground (yes, i\u2019m clumsy), a corner piece that was about an inch long cracked off. then, when i was trying to secure the mattress support in place, a screw fell out of my hand and left a long scrape on the inside of one piece of wood. when i asked parents who have this crib about the soft wood, one mentioned that her son \u201cate it so bad\u201d\u2014meaning teethed on the side pieces, and left a ton of teeth marks along them\u2014that she ended up getting plush teething guards, but not before he \u201chad sawed a ton of it off.\u201d though the vast majority of amazon reviews give the kalani four or five stars, many of the one-star reviews mention the soft, easily damaged wood, with some buyers writing that their crib came already scratched up or cracked. to be fair, most cribs at this price are made of pine. \u201cthis is a really consistent wood,\u201d said matthew grayson, senior designer at million dollar baby. that consistency is important not only for the look, grayson said, but also for passing safety and strength tests. \u201ccrib regulations are incredibly rigid. this is a wood that we know is always going to be the same,\u201d with straight boards and no knots. new zealand pine is readily available and is grown and farmed in a sustainable way, so furniture manufacturers don\u2019t have to worry about sourcing issues, grayson said. as a soft wood\u2014meaning that it comes from a coniferous tree\u2014it\u2019s much cheaper than hardwood counterparts (pdf) like poplar, ash, oak, walnut, or maple. this bare-bones but attractive option generally functions as well as cribs that cost twice as much. *at the time of publishing, the price was $120. the ikea sundvik is a solid, modern-looking crib that comes in white, a black-brown, or a grayish brown and is made of beech, a hardwood that\u2019s stronger than the pine used in our top pick. the sundvik has several significant disadvantages compared to the kalani: it does not include a toddler rail; the mattress can only be adjusted to two different heights as opposed to four for the kalani; and the crib does not convert to a full-size bed. when we asked parents on facebook about their favorite crib, many answered with one word: \u201cikea!\u201d our surveys found that many parents simply want to find the cheapest crib that works well, and after examining several other inexpensive cribs we think the sundvik is that model (ikea\u2019s crib line includes two even-cheaper models, but both have availability issues that won\u2019t be resolved until 2018). our surveys found that many parents simply want to find the cheapest crib that works well, and after examining several other inexpensive cribs we think the sundvik is that model. personal experience tells us that the 55-pound sundvik, which is considered low-profile at just under 35 inches tall, holds up well to typical baby and kid wear and tear: i bought two of them when my twins were born, and they slept on them for more than four years before transitioning to twin beds. we put these cribs together, took them apart to move across the country, put them back together again, and they were still in good shape. we then took off the front pieces when our twins were around 2 and converted them to toddler beds\u2014using the ikea toddler rail. recently, we had family visit from out of town and we put one of the cribs back together as a toddler bed; there were no issues with that reassembly process. after more than four years the cribs have some dings and minimal teething marks, but that seems expected. both my own experience and that of other owners tells me that the sundvik is sturdier than some other common ikea products (dressers we bought at the same time haven\u2019t done as well, with screws falling out and drawers buckling under the weight of clothes). all of ikea\u2019s cribs are made of solid beech, a hardwood. according to grayson, the product designer from million dollar baby, beech is stronger and more structural than pine, which means you can make cribs with thinner slats out of it. unlike any of our other picks, the sundvik also incorporates fiberboard, which is reconstituted wood fiber, aka sawdust pressed together with heat and glue. the solid panels on the sides of this crib are made of fiberboard, which is sometimes referred to as mdf, for medium-density fiberboard, and foil. all of the other cribs we tested have slats along all four sides. the sundvik took two people 25 minutes to put together, a third of the time of the kalani. it was straightforward (if you\u2019re okay with the silly pictures in ikea assembly instructions), in part because the front and back of the crib are identical, and so are the two sides. fitting in the mattress support, which is made of wood and mesh rather than metal like on most cribs, was the most frustrating part of the process; and this is why adjusting the mattress support from the top to the bottom position\u2014there are only two heights, as opposed to three on most cribs and four on our pick\u2014was more difficult than on other cribs. the process involves sliding tiny pegs on the mattress support into holes on the crib sides, and it basically requires two people to line up the crib pieces correctly without the entire loosened crib falling apart. the process of converting the crib to a toddler bed\u2014you remove the front side\u2014is also more difficult than with our other picks. we found it took two people another 25 minutes. there are a few additional nursery items in the sundvik collection, like a dresser/changing table combo and a kid-size table and chairs. ikea generally allows buyers to return undamaged items they are dissatisfied with for a year after purchase. note that ikea makes even less expensive cribs. the sniglar is the cheapest model, at just $80, and the gulliver is $20 more. we didn\u2019t include these cribs in this guide because of availability issues\u2014the sniglar is frequently out of stock and the gulliver is currently unavailable at all ikea stores\u2014though we personally know people who have been pleased with the value of these cribs and have found that they last through multiple kids and can survive multiple conversions. this distinctive-looking crib comes on (removable) wheels, includes a toddler bar, and is fast and easy to assemble and convert. *at the time of publishing, the price was $200. the davinci jenny lind crib is distinctive in both style and design, with retro spindle posts and wheels that make it much easier than any other crib we tested to move around a room, or pull away from a wall for cleaning. of all the cribs we tested, it\u2019s the only one with either of these features. the jenny lind crib weighs 45.5 pounds (about 10 pounds less than our pick) and comes in more color options than any other crib we tested. while the typical crib sticks to white and wood tones, with perhaps a gray option thrown in, the jenny lind comes in bright and cheery emerald green, cherry red, coral (shown above), navy, and lagoon blue, as well as white, black, and two shades of gray. it\u2019s made of the same new zealand pine as our pick and like our pick is greenguard gold certified for low voc emissions. it\u2019s not as sturdy, though, with thin spindle slats and legs, and it costs slightly more than our pick (the price varies from about $200 to about $280 depending on color and if you get a toddler rail). we found that this crib is among the easiest to assemble of all the cribs we tested, and by far the easiest to assemble of our four picks. it took two people just 16 minutes to put it together for the first time; later, one person was able to complete the toddler bed conversion in about 10 minutes. the toddler bar is included with the coral-colored model we tested (for about $250) and with several of the other less common colors; the black, white, cherry, and slate gray jenny lind cost less (about $200) and offer the toddler rail as an optional additional purchase (around $80). if you want a toddler bar, choosing a less common color ends up being a better value. like the kalani crib, the jenny lind offers four mattress heights. the wheels, while uncommon on modern cribs, could be a nice touch for parents with small apartments who want to be able to move the crib from one room to another for naps or bedtime. of course, they\u2019re also a potential temptation for toddlers eager to turn their bed into a giant bumper car. while the wheels don\u2019t have any locking mechanism, you can remove them when you don\u2019t want the crib to be portable anymore. when i asked a mom of three from florida about her thoughts on cribs, she said, \u201cjenny lind,\u201d right away. another mom of three from philadelphia wrote on facebook that she bought this crib on sale from kmart for her oldest and second-oldest kids. one of those was also passed down and used by a younger sibling. \u201cit\u2019s so simple, and i loved it,\u201d she wrote. \u201ci spent under $400 for three kids, and my friend used one of these cribs for her daughter, too. they went the distance.\u201d and a mom from queens, who bought a $600 crib for her older son that turned out to be a \u201ctotal waste of money,\u201d bought a jenny lind for her now 1-year-old daughter. her review: \u201c#bestcribever.\u201d the crib also gets high marks on amazon, where it has 4.5 out of five stars across about 450 reviews. the jenny lind furniture collection also includes a changing table and a stand-alone toddler bed, though neither come in as many colors as the crib. the davinci jenny lind crib comes with a one-year warranty. this pricier crib, made of solid poplar, has a sturdy design that\u2019s likely to repel nicks and dings better than our other picks. *at the time of publishing, the price was $320. the pottery barn kendall\u00a0crib is made of solid poplar, a hardwood that is much less likely to get nicked and dinged than the softer pine used in our other picks. the handsome, classic-looking crib is relatively easy to assemble and is the only crib we tested that comes with teething bars\u2014strips of plastic that covers the top rails on both sides of the bed and prevent the gnaw marks that are common on cribs used by teething toddlers. if you\u2019re someone who wants to ensure that your furniture, including a crib, remains pristine-looking, the kendall, which is greenguard gold certified for low vocs and comes in white, gray, or a chocolate brown, may be the crib for you. one thing that sets this crib above our other picks is that while both of our davinci picks are made of relatively soft new zealand pine and the ikea crib is made of beech and fiberboard, this heavy pottery barn crib is made of solid poplar (the crib weighs 59 pounds, more than any of our other picks). according to the hardwood handbook\u00a0(pdf), poplar is a hardwood that is, \u201cgenerally straight-grained and comparatively uniform in texture.\u201d crib designers we spoke to from other companies told us that poplar is \u201ca resilient, versatile wood,\u201d that, \u201cbecause of its color and straight uniform graining, is ideal for painted finishes,\u201d and that a crib made of poplar is much less likely to get dinged or marked up with use than cribs made with softer woods like pine. we found that the pottery barn crib felt equally solid and sturdy to our top pick, the davinci kalani, but that it was obviously more solid and sturdy, as well as larger in profile, than either the davinci jenny lind or ikea sundvik. because this crib is sold only through pottery barn, it does not have a significant online review history like our other picks do. baby bargains gave pottery barn kids furniture a c grade, but much of their reasoning has to do with cost and customer service problems. in fact, i found the sales team at a local los angeles story incredibly helpful when describing the different cribs\u2019 features. the negative comments also mention expensive shipping fees, but the standard ups rate is $49, and this crib is often available in pottery barn\u2019s many stores. consumer reports, on the other hand, recommends this crib, and gave it an 87 out of 100 points, with \u201cexcellent\u201d marks for safety, construction and ease of assembly. when we polled parents about their crib selection, several identified pottery barn as their most trusted brand and we personally know a handful of people who have owned this crib for many years. one of them is my own sister, who has two rambunctious boys, and used it with both. she doesn\u2019t remember it getting any bite marks or scratches, and said that when they took it apart a little over a year ago to upgrade to pottery barn bunk beds, it was still in great shape. she said this crib is currently in storage, but that she plans on reassembling it and using it again when she has a third child. we found that this crib, which comes in four parts, was much easier to assemble than our top pick. it took us just 23 minutes, start to finish. the transition to toddler bed was similarly straightforward, taking just 10 minutes for one person to transform it into a mini daybed. (it would take at least a few minutes more to install the optional toddler rail, which we didn\u2019t purchase.) the crib mattress can be adjusted to three heights, as opposed to four on the kalani, though we don\u2019t think this is a significant distinction as we doubt many people will bother to adjust their mattress height more than twice. we really liked the rounded mattress supports on this crib, which are easy to level and virtually invisible after the mattress is placed in the crib. most of the other cribs we tested have straight bars connecting the mattress support to the side of the cribs, which in some cases show at the corners even when the mattress is in place. this was the only crib of the 10 we tested that comes with plastic teething guards attached to both the front and back rails. many parents find that their kids use their crib as a gigantic teething toy. these teething guards would likely prevent the worst of the gnaw marks, though we didn\u2019t do any firsthand testing of how effective they are. the biggest drawback to this crib is its price. though it has a sticker price of $600, we found from tracking online prices and talking to pottery barn store employees that the \u201csale\u201d price of about $400 is almost always in effect. during the months we were researching this guide, we saw the price fluctuate between $320 and $420. if you\u2019re unable to pick the crib up at the store, shipping will typically run $49, with an option to pay $99 to have the crib delivered and assembled for you at home. the toddler rail costs another $130 or $140, depending on the finish. multiple crib experts recommend buying an optional rail at the same time as your crib if you know you\u2019ll want one, just in case models or colors change in the interim. unlike our top pick, the kendall crib doesn\u2019t convert to a full-size bed. the larger pottery barn kids kendall furniture collection includes a standard dresser and extra-wide dresser, both with optional toppers that fit changing pads, a nightstand, a desk and hutch, and bigger-kid items, like bunk beds that can convert to two twin size beds. the crib comes with a 30-day warranty. in choosing our picks, we focused primarily on value and versatility, as well as a crib\u2019s materials and construction. as a piece of furniture that\u2019s likely to be the visual centerpiece of your child\u2019s room, aesthetics are obviously important as well and so we decided to photograph each of the cribs we tested individually. every one of them meets safety standards, converts to a toddler bed (with or without a bar), and would be a perfectly fine place for your baby to sleep for several years to come. the 54-pound babyletto hudson is another one that looks great, and will probably appeal to parents who like mid-century modern or scandinavian design. like the davinci cribs, babyletto cribs are manufactured by million dollar baby, (babyletto is considered a younger, hipper and more modern brand). this low-profile crib, which is just under 35 inches tall, has rounded slats and tapered feet, and the one we built is in the \u201cwashed natural\u201d finish that\u2019s popular right now with parents who take nursery-decorating cues from dwell magazine. the crib also comes in six additional finishes, including two-tone options in espresso and white, gray and white, and washed natural and white. it\u2019s greenguard gold certified, the toddler rail is included, it\u2019s easy to assemble (it took 33 minutes), and it has strong online reviews. but again, the price, at almost $400, is too high for many parents, especially since it\u2019s made of the same soft new zealand pine as cribs that cost half as much, and doesn\u2019t have other special features. it comes with a one-year warranty. the 55-pound colby is another modern-looking, low-profile, greenguard gold certified option that has curved edges and thin slats and is made of new zealand pine, as well as fiberboard. like our pick, the davinci kalani, it offers significant versatility for its sub-$200 price: it converts to a daybed, toddler bed (the $70 rail is sold separately), and full-size bed, with a kit that costs $100 more. it took us only 17 minutes to assemble. but we found that this crib doesn\u2019t feel as sturdy as any of our picks, and it comes in just three color options\u2014white, gray, and two-tone gray/white. it\u2019s from another million dollar baby label, a new one called carter\u2019s by davinci, and doesn\u2019t yet have a history of reviews so we\u2019re not confident in how well it would hold up over time. the larger furniture collection includes a six-drawer dresser. it comes with a one-year warranty. like our top pick, the fisher-price newbury convertible crib is a sub-$200 model that converts to both a toddler bed and to a full-size bed, though both the rail and full-size conversion kit are sold separately and were not easily found online when we were researching this guide (fisher-price\u2019s website says to call manufacturer bivona & company to purchase). this crib is about 54 pounds and took 35 minutes to assemble. although baby bargains gave the manufacturer an a for quality, and ranked this its top budget-friendly convertible crib, after examining both we think the ikea sundvik offers more value for a similar product (baby bargains also recommends an ikea crib). that is unless you have your heart set on a gray crib, in which case the newbury offers a choice of \u201cmisty grey,\u201d \u201cstormy grey,\u201d or \u201cvintage grey\u201d (out of six colors). the look, which a bivona & company representative called \u201cfarmhouse chic\u201d may also appeal to some buyers. it comes with a one-year warranty. assembling the graco solano crib with drawer\u00a0got me so frustrated that i had to walk away twice in the process to re-focus. i stopped the clock each time, but it still took a soul-crushing hour and 38 minutes for two of us to put this one together. much of that time was spent on the drawer alone, which, once intact, didn\u2019t offer much storage\u2014or functionality, as it got stuck almost immediately\u2014for the extra price (the same crib is sold without the drawer for about $30 less). the long assembly time wasn\u2019t our only problem with this crib, which at just under 53 pounds, didn\u2019t feel as sturdy as our similarly priced top pick davinci kalani, as our ikea budget pick, or as the fisher-price crib described above. like our pick, the solano crib converts to a full-size bed, but unlike our pick it doesn\u2019t come with a toddler rail, which costs $60 more. also, some of the paint was chipped off out of the box, and we didn\u2019t like the metal graco logo on the front. it comes with a one-year warranty. the 44-pound storkcraft pacific convertible crib, which took about 35 minutes to assemble, is a lightweight, low-profile, budget option that costs just a few dollars more than our ikea pick and comes in white as well as dark gray and wood tones. this one was in the running for budget consideration, but we found that the ikea crib was sturdier, slightly less expensive, and made of more quality materials (this one is made of pine and composites), making it a better value. what drove us crazy about this crib was that once it was assembled, the corners didn\u2019t line up, so some of the edges ended up noticeably higher than others. it was also a bit shaky and just didn\u2019t seem likely to last. no matter what crib you end up with, there are some basic things to keep in mind to help keep your baby safe and your crib in good condition:. rachel y. moon, task force on sudden infant death syndrome, \u201csids and other sleep-related infant deaths: evidence base for 2016 updated recommendations for a safe infant sleeping environment\u201d (pdf), american academy of pediatrics, october 1, 2016. fern r. hauck, md, , email interview, july 11, 2017. matthew grayson, senior designer at million dollar baby, phone interview, august 29, 2017. the land of nod (now crate and kids) design team, , email interview, august 24, 2017. best baby crib 2017, baby bargains, august 2, 2017. crib buying guide, consumer reports, may 1, 2016. the hardwood handbook: an illustrated guide to appalachian and southern lumber (pdf), southeastern lumber manufacturers association, september 18, 2017. these useful baby and kid products were among the most-purchased wirecutter picks in 2021. we tested 12 crib mattresses and found that the moonlight slumber little dreamer is the best for most families. we compared dozens of cribs, mattresses, and monitors and talked to doctors harvey karp and bill sears to find the best bets for a good night's sleep. we\u2019ve tested dozens of car seats, strollers, and diapers to narrow down the list of things you really need before you bring your baby home. wirecutter is the product recommendation service from the new york times. our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. whether it\u2019s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we\u2019ll help you get it right (the first time). \u00a9 2023 wirecutter, inc., a new york times company. between overnight sleeping and daytime naps, your child will be spending thousands of hours in their crib, making the crib and crib mattress\u00a0two of the most important nursery investments you'll make. according to the cpsc, jpma, and aap, a crib that is properly assembled, maintained, and used can help parents ensure safe and restful sleep, including reduced risk of sudden infant death syndrome (sids), suffocation, and entrapment. just for fun, what does chatgpt-4 think is the best crib!?\"after some consideration, the best baby crib is the babyletto hudson 3-in-1 convertible crib. it is a stylish and versatile crib made from sustainable new zealand pine wood, and it can be converted into a toddler bed and daybed as your child grows.\" -chatgpt-4. we don't always agree with robots, but in this case they might be onto something!\u00a0we have been reviewing cribs for over 10 years and realize that finding a model that fits safety standards and\u00a0your preferences can be very challenging! if we made our own crib, here is what it would look like:. \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 solid wood construction.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 convertible from mini to full-size.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 adjustable mattress heights (3+). \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 proper dimensions (28\" x 52.375\").  \u2714\ufe0f high-quality hardware that stays tight. \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 slat spacing under 2.4\" wide.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 smooth finishes, no sharp edges.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 high airflow design.\u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 quiet, no squeaks or creaks.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 wheels for portability.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 includes all conversion parts. \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 lightweight design.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 meets astm, cpsc, jpma standards.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 greenguard gold certified. \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 easy assembly (<30 minutes).\u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 assembly tools included.  \u2714\ufe0f\u00a0 sustainably sourced materials. of course, you also want the crib to fit your unique style preferences, nursery size constraints, and budget! full disclosure: some of these cribs, including the nestig, cradlewise, babyletto, stork craft, and ikea models, were sent to us as free test samples by the manufacturer. below are the top 5 best cribs of the year, followed by in-depth reviews of several additional options. once you find a good option for your family, be sure to check out our best crib mattress\u00a0reviews to find the perfect pairing! the perfect baby crib will also be safe, sturdy, high quality, and versatile. for versatility, a convertible crib is key, not only letting you adjust mattress heights to accommodate newborns, infants, and toddlers, but also transitioning to a toddler bed and beyond. given their importance for infant safety and well-being, cribs must be manufactured in accordance with stringent safety standards\u00a0and pass rigorous safety testing to astm (f1169-13) standards. the nestig models, like the wave and cloud cribs, have some of the best versatility and safety on the market! for details about how we evaluated the cribs on this list, see the bottom of this article and check out our full crib buying guide. sustainably-sourced natural brazilian pine meets a beautiful flowing modern style in the unmistakable nestig wave! handmade in brazil in small batches, the wave is not just about style and sustainability, it's also got serious substance: it converts all the way from a mini crib to a full-size crib, to a toddler bed without purchasing any extra parts! it's also jpma certified, free of lead, phthalates, and toxic finishes, and is produced by an american-owned small business. clearly, the nestig wave has a lot going for it in terms of style, sustainability, safety, and substance! to test how it performs, we got our hands on the nestig wave late last year (thanks for the sample, nestig!), and were blown away by its easy assembly, beauty, sturdiness, versatility, and overall quality. like its name, the nestig wave arrives in waves: in our case, the mini crib mattress arrived first, then two additional boxes arrived. one box housed the mini crib parts, and the other box included the conversion parts; this makes it easy to store the extensions until you need them. assembling the mini crib took about 25 minutes and is even faster if you have a handheld drill driver with allen attachments. once assembled, the mini crib is not only beautiful and stylish but it can also be easily wheeled between rooms (with its locking and removable wheels) and through interior doorways without any hassle. the mini crib includes a custom-sized mini crib mattress (the burt's bees bassinet sheets fit very nicely), which ends up sitting about 17\" up off the floor. it's comfortable, easy to move around in the home, has great airflow, and the mattress is comfortable while staying nice and firm for infant safety. when converting to the full-size crib, the wave grows in stature and robustness, offering three mattress heights (about 5\", 11\", and 16\" off the floor) and expanding to fit any standard full-size crib mattress (we suggest the newton crib mattress!). in our testing, we kept the locking wheels on the full-size crib to make it easier to vacuum underneath and rescue the errant lovey or pacifier. everything felt very sturdy and well constructed on the full-size crib, with the pieces fitting nicely together, no creaking or squeaking when baby starts to roll (or jump), and the mattress fits very nicely with less than a 1cm gap around the perimeter. the nestig is suitable for children up to about 35\" tall or until they begin to climb, whichever comes first. after that point, you can transition it to the toddler bed using the included solid wood extensions. the toddler bed remains the same size and continues to use the crib mattress, but gets rid of the sides to allow your (newly independent!) child to climb in and out freely. we can't say enough about how beautiful and impressive the nestig wave is! is it expensive? yes, but when you consider that you might be able to skip a bassinet entirely, there's no separate purchasing of conversion kits, and that your child can use it from birth up to about 4-5 years old, we think it's a pretty smart investment! impressed? you can check out the nestig wave here. order this crib 3-4 weeks early, since they are custom-made to order! the smartest crib on our list, the cradlewise offers superior soothing motions in a beautiful all-in-one package that converts from a bassinet to crib. new to our list for 2023, we were excited to get our hands on the new cradlewise smart crib for testing (thanks for the sample, cradlewise), and were left with a very positive impression. we summarize what we loved most about the crib here, but be sure to check out our full cradlewise review for more details. starting with basic features and specifications, the cradlewise is an all-in-one package that includes four critical elements of a well-equipped nursery: a smart bassinet, a smart crib, a baby monitor, and a sound machine! the cradlewise crib begins in bassinet mode for newborns and infants, then the mattress height can be adjusted to transition to a mini crib (the sleeping area is about 38\" long by 23\" wide) for use all the way up to 2 years of age (or 33 pounds). in both bassinet and crib mode, the cradlewise uses a soothing motion and sounds (like white noise) that are automatically activated when your baby begins to stir during the night, gently bouncing them up and down just like in mom's arms. using the clever cradlewise app, you can develop custom routines that work best for soothing your baby, tracking your baby's sleep, and viewing the baby monitor integrated into the crib's beautiful overhead arch. that's a ton of great features! the cradlewise arrives in a single, very heavy box - heavy enough to warrant phoning some friends! out of the box, we were immediately struck by the overall quality of the crib: from the easy-to-follow instructions to the wood and hardware, everything was easy to assemble, fit together perfectly, and beautifully finished. all the touch surfaces were soft and durable, and the included natural coconutcoir (voc & pu foam free) mattress was supportive, comfortable (for both infants and toddlers), greenguard gold certified, and waterproof. the cradlewise app is easy to install and pair with the crib, and surprisingly intuitive given the complexity of its features. the soothing motion was brilliant - we thought it was much more effective at soothing our test babies than the snoo, and we loved the range of speed settings (from very slow to surprisingly fast!). transitioning from bassinet to crib was simple enough, involving a large pedestal-style platform that can be removed in a matter of minutes. in our testing, the cradlewise was very sensitive to a baby's movement - the moment they show signs of beginning to wake, the cradlewise automatically activates a soothing routine. rather than waiting for your baby to begin crying (like the snoo), we loved how proactive cradlewise was in detecting and soothing any waking behavior. it's not a miracle worker, but it's pretty darn close! overall, we love the cradlewise and think it's the best smart crib of the year, offering quality, versatility, style, and most importantly - better sleep! while cradlewise is more expensive than many other cribs, you can get some deep discounts if you purchase a few months in advance. impressed? you can check out the cradlewise crib here! nestig is relatively new to the crib industry and is making waves with its beautiful styles, quality craftsmanship, and unparalleled versatility. we got our hands on their new cloud crib last year for testing (thanks, nestig!), and were blown away by its features and capability. you can see our full review of the nestig cloud here. the first thing you'll notice about the cloud crib is its beauty, style, and sophistication. as you get closer, the next thing you'll notice is the high-quality craftsmanship, the beautiful real brazilian mahogany wood, smooth steel spindles, and its smooth lines. once you get your hands on it you'll notice the build quality, sturdiness, and versatility. the versatility of the nestig cloud is one of its biggest selling points: it can convert between three modes - mini crib, full-size crib, and toddler bed! not only that but all the components you need to perform those transitions are included right in the box, so there is nothing extra to purchase! out of the box, assembly took about 15 minutes for the mini crib, which is appropriate for newborns to about 6 months of age. nestig includes a mini crib mattress with the cloud crib (the burt's bees bassinet sheets fit nicely), and offers an upgraded lullaby earth mattress that's a bit higher quality; not necessary, but it does add waterproofing and greenguard gold certification. the mini crib is amazing, it includes rolling and lockable wheels and is perfectly sized for rolling around the nursery, between rooms, or right up against your bed. mattress height is adjustable between three levels and we loved that the mattress platform is a beautiful wood instead of the squeaky and bouncy metal mattress supports typically found in cribs. transitioning from a mini crib to a full-size crib takes about 30 minutes, and the full-size crib is appropriate from newborn until your child begins to climb or reaches 35\" tall (whichever comes first). the style and overall sturdiness and build quality of the crib is excellent and we loved the unique color and form variability in the natural wood products. built in brazil at a family-owned workshop, the cloud uses sustainably-sourced brazilian mahogany hardwood that is smoothly contoured and adds a premium look and feel to the upper and lower crib. we tested it with the newton crib mattress and avocado crib mattress, and both fit very nicely without any gaps larger than one finger's width. the avocado fit a bit better than the newton, for what it's worth. everyone who sees our nursery with the nestig cloud absolutely loves it and it's the first thing they ask about - where did you find it, how much did it cost, and why don't i have one!? the beautiful and airy construction helps it look sleek and compact even in a small nursery, promotes amazing airflow, and fits beautifully into any modern nursery decor. for safety, the nestig cloud is jpma certified and is free of lead, phthalates, and toxic finishes. what more could you ask for!? there are only a few minor cons to point out. first, the included mattress is relatively low quality, though we do realize that it's included for free and you'll likely only use it for a few months. second, the byproduct of using natural woods that are partially hand-crafted is you'll see some natural variability in color and shape; so the wood trim might not all be identical in color, and it might not fit together like mass-produced precision-machined crib parts would. personally, we love the natural variability in color and shape, but some parents might be bothered by it. the nestig cloud is a bit expensive, but we think it's is a great deal for a premium crib, especially if it lets you skip purchasing an expensive bassinet. overall, we think the nestig cloud is truly beautiful, and discerning parents will find it the perfect addition to any modern nursery! impressed? you can check out the nestig cloud here. babyletto is at it again! the new babyletto yuzu is the newest and most versatile crib on our list, offering a true all-in-one crib experience that transitions between bassinet, midi crib, full-size crib, and junior bed. in addition, it can be used as a toddler bed and daybed in both midi and full-size modes. the only 8-in-1 convertible crib on our list, the yuzu grows along with your child and adapts to your space constraints, making it a great option for smaller apartments and homes, or for moving between bedrooms and a nursery (it has removable wheels!). in midi crib mode, the yuzu offers four mattress heights, and in full-size crib mode it offers 3 heights, all suitable for newborns to toddlers (up to about 3 years old); in daybed mode, the full-size crib can be used up to about 5 years old (or 50 pounds). critically, when you purchase the yuzu, all of the conversion kits are included to transition easily between all 8 modes. the yuzu holds greenguard gold certification and is finished in paint that is non-toxic, lead-free, and exceeds all safety standards. speaking of finishes, the babyletto yuzu is available in natural wood, white, and a beautiful dark walnut. in all cases, the yuzu uses sustainable new zealand pine and beautiful contemporary styling. babyletto sent us a sample of the yuzu for testing late last year (thanks, babyletto!), and we fell in love with its overall quality and versatility. out of the box, the yuzu includes nearly everything you need: not just the crib and all of the conversion parts, but also a (1\" thick) bassinet mattress and a (2\" thick) midi crib mattress. the only thing it did not include was the sheets (they sell them at amazon and the babyletto website) or a full-size crib mattress. assembly took about 30 minutes (bring a buddy) and the instructions were easy to follow; the parts fit together well and we had no issues with gaps, fitment, or damaged wood. we think the yuzu style is beautiful with its mixed curves and orthogonal elements, and we loved the removable caster wheels that make it easy to move the crib between rooms or up against the bed. speaking of which, the bassinet mode is great for bedside use, the midi crib is an excellent transition for growing babies, and the full-size crib is sturdy and high quality for a growing (and eventually climbing!) toddler. we think the yuzu is an impressive crib with superior versatility and the midi mode is a great transition path for toddlers who might be overwhelmed by a sudden transition from bassinet to a full-size crib. the only downfalls were that the screw holes stood out against the natural wood, and the included midi crib mattress was a bit thin (2\") for a growing toddler; note that babyletto does offer a thicker, 4\" midi crib mattress, sold separately. outside of those minor quirks, we are happy to have tested the yuzu and are proud to feature it here on our list! impressed? you can check out the babyletto yuzu here. the babyletto series has become very popular over the past 5 years, with parents seeking well-built cribs that not only look great but are easy to assemble, have great features, and don't completely break the bank. babyletto designs are perfect for stylish parents who don't want to compromise on design or safety and are willing to pay a slight premium above a traditional crib. we first became aware of the babyletto cribs back in 2018 when several parents emailed us asking whether we had reviewed the hudson. well, we got our hands on one and were not disappointed! the hudson 3in1 convertible crib is no exception to the popularity of the babyletto series, it's an awesome baby crib that converts from a full crib to a toddler crib (with an included rail), to a daybed. the hudson uses an awesome mid-century modern design with squared corners and rounded spindles, making it look sleek, simple, and modern. out of the box, assembly took about 30 minutes, which is about normal, and the included instructions were very clear. you attach the feet, then 3 sides, then the mattress spring, and then the front side. it comes with an allen wrench, but you will also need a philips head (cross-head) screwdriver. there were 4 mattress heights on our unit, giving it nice versatility from newborn to toddler. the assembled crib is very sturdy and heavy, no worries about it creaking and flexing with a bouncy toddler! it has a weight limit of 50 pounds for the toddler bed, which means you'll make it until about 4-5 years old before out-growing it in weight or height. beyond the excellent style, quality, and functionality of this crib, there are some additional aspects to feel great about. the crib is greenguard gold certified, which means it is tested to ensure it has very low chemical emissions. made with sustainably sourced new zealand pine, this crib is also free of lead, phthalates (e.g., bpa), over 360 other volatile organic compounds (vocs), and over 10,000 other chemicals. it also far surpasses several cpsia, cfr, and astm requirements for build quality (e.g., spindle load support), and chemical and heavy metal content. and if that's not enough to make you feel good, it also comes in several visually appealing colors, including grey (pictured), white, slate, espresso, natural pine, and some two-tone varieties. by the way, the top-rated babyletto pure crib mattress fits this crib perfectly. overall, this is a truly excellent crib. the only downfalls are the price, which tends to be a bit more than most other cribs on this list, and it doesn't convert to a full-size bed. in our opinion, it's worth it for the peace of mind regarding the safety and sustainable sourcing, and most parents do not use a crib's components beyond the toddler bed stage. babyletto also makes an amazing mini crib, for those looking for something more compact and portable (and a great bassinet alternative!). who else loves the babyletto hudson? our friends at babylist, babygearlab, and whattoexpect all consider it a top pick! impressed? you can check out the babyletto hudson here. this high-quality convertible crib uses the popular spindle-style slats, bringing back nostalgia for the cribs of yesteryear! parents tend to either love or hate this style, so it's solely a matter of personal preference. if you like the style, you're getting an excellent 3in1 convertible crib. davinci has one of the most solid reputations in the crib industry for making high-quality, sturdy, and versatile cribs. the jenny lind crib has greenguard certification for lead, phthalates, and chemical emissions, making parents confident that it will not have dangerous voc emissions. like other davinci cribs, the jenny lind is made with solid wood sourced from sustainable forests. it has also won several awards, including from babycenter, baby bargains, and national parenting publications, so it has a great following and reputation. for convenience, it also has a 4-level mattress height adjustment, an included toddler rail, and a medium-height profile to make things not too difficult for getting your baby in and out. for an even lower profile, you can remove the caster wheels. it comes in several color options including white, cherry, ebony, and adorable baby blue lagoon and yellow sunshine. it converts from an infant crib to a toddler bed with an included toddler rail, and then to a daybed if you remove that rail. it does not have the capability to convert to a full-size bed (thus the \"3-in-1\" rather than \"4-in-1\"). in our testing, we were impressed with how easy assembly was, taking only about 15 minutes and following a very logical sequence. all of the parts were good quality and there were no moderate or major scratches or dings to be found. there was a small scratch on the back of a front leg, but once assembled it was totally out of sight (and very small to begin with). we loved the versatility of having 4 crib mattress heights to fit a growing baby and maintain safety when your baby begins to stand (and climb!). if you like the spindle-style crib, this is a great option, and the wheels made it very convenient to move around in the room (like for cleaning underneath and behind). all mattresses we tested (newton, avocado, and naturepedic) fit nicely into the jenny lind without any gaps or too much of a squeeze. when i was growing up, my baby niece had a crib that was very similar in style to this, but with the dreaded drop-side! i remember how classic it looked in her nursery, and love how davinci has brought back this awesome style. cons? well, like we just said, it's not a 4-in-1, so that might be limiting for some parents. who else loves the jenny lind crib? it's also a top pick by our friends at babygearlab, whattoexpect, and the bump! impressed? you can check out the davinci jenny lind here. this is an excellent bang-for-the-buck crib, with high levels of versatility and quality for an excellent price. this solid wood crib meets several government standards, including those of astm and cpsc, and is jpma certified. it uses solid pine wood sourced from new zealand, along with wood veneer and a few soft colors including white and pebble gray. graco is widely-regarded for its baby gear, not just cribs and nursery furniture but also a very wide range of car seats, strollers, carriers, and more. they have a strong reputation for making high-quality and highly functional baby products with very reasonable pricing. this graco benson crib is no exception! in our testing, the graco benton 5in1 convertible crib only took about 15 minutes to assemble with a cordless drill/driver. mattresses fit very well into the corners, and the narrow and low front rail makes it easy to reach in and out of the crib (even for shorter parents). the styling is simple, with some farmhouse-style colors and lines. the mattress adjusts between 3 height positions, like many others on this list. it converts to a toddler bed, which basically means removing the front rail and positioning the mattress on the lowest setting and attaching a toddler rail (sold separately). then a daybed, which means positioning the mattress higher and removing the toddler rail, and then finally to a full-size bed with (not provided) frame rails. graco achieves the 5-in-1 status by distinguishing between a full-size bed with a headboard only versus a headboard and footboard. we realize it's a versatile crib but this does feel a bit like cheating! cons? there is no toddler rail included, though this wasn't surprising given the relatively low price; even with a separate toddler rail purchase, you'll still be saving quite a bit relative to other options. also, some don't like the look of the exposed screws, especially on the white model. overall, we found this to be sturdy, decently constructed, and reliable. and the price is right! who else likes this graco crib? our friends at babygearlab and the bump call it a top pick! interested? you can check out the graco benton here. with nursery styles shifting towards more modern and simplistic furniture, ikea's time has finally come! the gulliver crib looks simple and sophisticated at the same time, with clean lines and thin, nicely rounded slats. its simple looks are complemented by relatively simple functionality. like all ikea products, assembly is a little involved. once completed, for the relatively low price ($99) it's a surprisingly sturdy and well-constructed crib. the entire crib is relatively compact, though it accepts a standard mattress size; the compact size allows it to squeeze through normal interior doorways without disassembly, which is convenient. adding to its simplicity, it has only two height settings - one for infants (high up) and one for toddlers (low down). that's considerably less than most cribs, but it covers the essentials. the gulliver is also a 2-in-1 crib, allowing you to remove the front side to convert to a daybed crib without a toddler rail. once assembled, it's ready for your favorite crib mattress; ikea sells an organic latex mattress, but for those worried about latex allergies, you can find a better one on our list of the best crib mattresses. we tried it with\u00a0newton and naturepedic, and both fit nicely. the crib was sturdy and stable and had a very low profile that allowed us to reach in easily even when the mattress was on the lower setting. there was no off-gassing odor from the solid wood frame. we also tested the crib out in toddler daybed mode, which was an easy transition. the crib definitely became a bit less sturdy without the front panel, which probably would have been helped by a toddler rail. cons? for the price, our standards were low. but it's worth pointing out that having only two height settings is very limited, it is only a 2-in-1 rather than a 3-in-1, the screw holes don't look great on a white crib, and it has no toddler rail. but overall, we need to reiterate the price point! for only $99, we were very impressed with the overall quality, and think it's a nice-looking and simple crib that is accessible to the masses! who else loves the ikea gulliver crib? it's also a top pick by our friends at babylist, whattoexpect, and the bump! impressed? you can check out the ikea gulliver here. this 4-in-1 convertible baby crib is one of several cribs made by delta children that pack some serious bang for the buck, great styling, and sturdy build quality. these include not only the bentley, but also the emery, canton, and heartland models. we got our hands on the bentley for testing last year and were impressed with its versatility, quality, ease of use, and sleigh crib style. it's one of only a few solid wood cribs that are available for under $300. the one we tested was made of solid cherry wood that was heavy and good quality: ours didn't have any dings, blemishes, touch-up paint, or cracks. out of the box, assembly was surprisingly easy and took us about 20 minutes with the included tools. note a few things: first, expect some expansion and contraction of solid wood so that screw holes might not line up perfectly. consider assembling it with loose screws throughout, and then once all the screws are in, you can tighten them down. second, do not over-tighten the screws, or you might run into trouble with stripped hardware or cracked wood. once it is assembled, it has some great features, including a 3-position mattress height, and several layers of lead-free stain for durability. once your child starts chewing on the top rail, you'll see why this is important! we found the metal frame springs to be strong, the dimensions to perfectly fit two test mattresses (the naturepedic, and newton wovenaire), and the entire thing to be very sturdy and strong. the highest mattress setting was high enough for us to comfortably reach inside to lift a baby, and the lowest was low enough to prevent climbing in young toddlers. while it does not include a toddler bar or conversion kit to turn it into a full-size bed, it does have the capability to achieve 4 functions: crib, toddler bed, daybed, and full-size bed. you can find the toddler bar and full-size bed conversion kit pretty easily online, and they are reasonably priced. overall we really appreciated this crib, and think it makes a great addition to our best cribs list. be sure to check out the delta children emery, canton, and heartland models as well! cons? well, there are only 3 height adjustments rather than 4 (but that's not a big deal), it is not greenguard certified and we have no idea how they source their wood. not all parents care about those aspects, but it's worth pointing out. this crib usually sells for about $250 online and is available in black cherry (pictured), chocolate, and white. for those who might be interested, there is also a matching nursery dresser. who else loves the delta children cribs? our friends at babylist and babygearlab list them as top picks! interested? you can check out the bentley 4-in-1 convertible crib here. trying to find a crib with style and design that stands outs against the crowd? check out the two-tone tribeca crib that makes you feel like you're living in an industrial-style tribeca loft, but without the price! delta children has been making high-quality cribs for over 50 years and we've featured several of them on this list. they always combine a popular style with great functionality, versatility, safety features, and high build quality at a reasonable price. the tribeca model comes in at about $250, which is towards the upper end of delta cribs but for some pretty good reasons. the style and construction are very unique, with its sleek x-cross base, trendy two-tone finish with steel grey and white, and orthogonal but soft-edged lines. out of the box, this crib was heavy and it felt like every part was good quality. assembly took us about 45 minutes, the tools were included in the box, and the instructions were pretty clear. we first assembled it as a regular crib and tested out all the mattress heights, 3 of them to be exact. the top height was great for easily reaching in to tend to a newborn, and the lowest height was nice and low to prevent the risk of an adventurous toddler climbing out. speaking of safety, the crib is jpma certified, meets or exceeds cpsc and astm standards, and is tested for all heavy metals. all of the hardware and wood felt high quality and fit together really well. we threw a mattress in it and stood and jumped in it (well, our 5-year-old did!), and the crib was sturdy and strong. we tried three mattresses in it, the newton, moonlight slumber, and dream on me. all fit perfectly, especially when the mattress had squared corners. we also converted it to the toddler bed (the toddler rail is not included, sold separately) and the daybed (the daybed rail is included), and both worked well. we didn't do the final conversion to a headboard and footboard on a full-size bed, but we think the conversion seemed easy enough (you'd need to buy the bed rails and mattress separately, of course). other things we noticed were that the paint was not easily chipped or disturbed, and the mattress spring support did not squeak or creak. the only cons to speak of were that the toddler rail is not included, there is a bit of an off-gassing smell from the wood for a few days after assembly, and the price is a bit high around $250. but for this style, quality, and capability, we think this is a great option! who else likes delta cribs? our friends at babylist and babygearlab call them top picks! interested? you can check out the delta tribeca crib here. this davinci kalani 4in1 convertible crib has been around for several years now and has changed quite a bit along the way. it is an awesome choice for someone looking for high versatility and safety, may not be looking for the mid-century modern look, or isn't willing to pay the price premium for a premium crib. it is an awesome, handsome crib made by a company with a great reputation for quality, safety, and convenience. this crib has it all: greenguard gold certification for lead, phthalates, and emissions, 4 mattress height adjustment levels, a low profile to help you reach in and out, and it surpasses all current safety standards. it also uses new zealand pine sourced from sustainable forests, which makes you feel good about your purchase. this crib has won several awards for its great features and quality, including from babycenter, national parenting publications, and babble. it comes in several finishes including cherry, espresso, black/ebony, white, and chestnut. it converts from an infant crib to a toddler bed with a rail, to a daybed without the rail, all the way to a full-size bed (but of course, you will have to buy the full-size mattress and frame). out of the box, assembly was just like any other modern crib - intuitive and relatively efficient. it took about 20 minutes to lay out all the parts and then assemble them. the wood was all high quality, and we didn't find any dings, scratches, or dents on it. we loved having 4 mattress height adjustments and the peace of mind that our chew-happy toddler wasn't putting anything dangerous in his mouth when he decided to gnaw on the top rail! overall, we had a great experience with this crib, and think it deserves this high spot on our list. cons? first, we tested out the white version and didn't like that the dark-colored screws stood out so much visually. second, davinci used to include the toddler rail with this crib but recently stopped including it, even though they have not lowered their prices at all. finally, we found that during assembly it was a little too easy to scratch the thin finish on the wood. overall, this is a reasonably priced crib option with really excellent features, but you will need to get your own toddler rail and the build quality isn't as great as it used to be. interested? you can check out the davinci kalani here. this is one of the best budget cribs on our list, coming in at only about $150, offering a wide range of colors, and showing some pretty impressive overall build quality and versatility for this price point. dream on me is known for making stylish and relatively inexpensive cribs but is not necessarily known for build quality. in this regard, we're happy to say that we were pleasantly surprised by the ashton! out of the box, the solid wood pieces (new zealand pine) were lightweight and nicely finished; we didn't find any big dents, scratches, or dings in the wood. assembly was the same as most cribs, taking about 15-20 minutes. the set included an allen wrench, but we used our powered screwdriver to make things more efficient. all of the bolts and nuts went together easily and without any issues, and the instruction manual was easy enough to follow (the manual was attached to the metal crib support frame). just fyi, if you find any issues with damaged wood or anything else, amazon is pretty good about offering partial refunds or full returns. there are three mattress height settings, and once assembled we found that all three of our test mattresses (colgate, naturepedic, and newton) fit very nicely. the crib was relatively lightweight but also reasonably sturdy, and there were no gaps or seams anywhere once all the bolts were tightened. dream on me says this is a 5-in-1 crib, with the five functions being crib, toddler bed (with toddler rail), day bed (without toddler rail), full-size bed with footboard, and full-size bed without footboard. the final two modes feel like they're cheating a bit, but we'll allow it. being one of the cheapest cribs we've reviewed, we weren't surprised to find a few things: no toddler rail was included, the screw holes were exposed and very visible, and the finish was a bit thin. but we need to remind you that you're getting a pretty decent quality, sturdy, and safe crib in a style that might suit your needs, for only about $150. who else recommends the dream on me ashton crib? our friends at babygearlab! interested? you can check out the dream on me ashton crib here. this 4in1 convertible crib has beautiful traditional styling, and we think it looks fantastic in espresso, grey, and white. stork craft has an excellent reputation for build quality and customer service. this crib has several great features: solid pine and composite construction meet or exceeds government safety standards for construction and finishes (astm, cpsc, and jpma), has 3 mattress height adjustment levels, a low profile to help you get your baby in (and out), a separately-purchased toddler rail for easy conversion, and a long reputation for great build quality. this crib converts from an infant crib to a toddler bed (you need to purchase the toddler rail separately), then into a daybed (front and toddler rail removed), and finally into a full-size bed using the back and front as headboard and footboard (but the metal bed frame is sold separately). it comes in several finishes, including cherry, white, brown, espresso, and gray. the gray is a nice soft-looking modern gray finish. in our testing, we thought it assembled easily and was sturdy, stylish, and overall good quality. cons? well, it has only 3 rather than 4 height adjustment settings, which may or may not affect you at all; it simply means there is more space between the settings. realistically, you'll likely only use 2 or 3, because once they start standing you'll want it nice and low! it also does not include the toddler rail, hold greenguard certification for finish quality and emissions, or use wood from sustainable forests, so if you're into those things you should definitely check out the others on this list. overall, this is a nice and competitively priced crib and you can't really go wrong with it. note that there is also a matching changing table available as well. who else recommends stork craft cribs? our friends at babygearlab! interested? you can check out the stork craft tuscany here. this is a relatively basic, no-frills crib that still has a great build quality and a solid reputation for safety and reliability. this crib is relatively lightweight, easy to assemble, and complements a minimalist nursery style. the crib is made with sustainable solid new zealand pine wood and uses a non-toxic finish that is lead and phthalate free. like the best on this list, it has 4 adjustable mattress heights to accommodate a wide range of baby height and mobility. when we assembled it, it only took about 20 minutes using a battery-powered screwdriver. we found that at first it was a bit wobbly but we tightened down the bolts and it became much sturdier. it has a low-profile height to make it easy to put the baby in and out. it's important to note that it doesn't include the rail to convert to a toddler bed, which surprised us when we received it. you can either buy their recommended davinci toddler rail (which we thought was way too small), or you can buy a better universal toddler conversion kit for only about $20. this crib comes in several great colors, including traditional white, baby blue \"lagoon,\" cute yellow \"sunshine,\" espresso, and light gray. cons? well, it doesn't come with the toddler conversion rail which is unfortunate, and some customers report that it's not as sturdy as they'd like (but see our note above about assembly). overall, this is a great, no-frills option that is also one of the least expensive on our list. this is a classically styled crib with some great features and a price point that's usually under $100. there's a lot to like about this 3in1 convertible crib. first, the wood is high-quality solid pine wood and stain that is free of bpa (phthalates), lead, and latex. second, it has 3 mattress height positions for versatility and safety when your baby begins to roll, crawl, and pull up to stand. it is available in white, cherry, natural, black, and espresso colors, and we love the simplicity of the classic design. it's a no-frills crib, and it fits well into a minimalist nursery style. third, it is a 3-in-1, allowing you to convert from a crib to a toddler bed with a rail (not included, but sold here), and then you remove the rail to make it a \"daybed.\" in our testing, we found the assembly to take about 30 minutes (with two adults), and we thought the overall build quality was quite high, especially for a crib at this price point. the wood and attachments felt solid, and even with that the entire crib only weighed about 35 pounds. cons? well, it doesn't include the toddler rail, which brings the price up a bit when that time comes. and we suggest buying the rail now rather than waiting since it's difficult to predict whether the compatible rail will be available in the future. it also only has 3 mattress positions, while we generally prefer 4 for added versatility. we also don't see any greenguard certifications for materials or finishes, and no information about sourcing materials from sustainable sources. of course, those things are basically impossible to find at this price point. overall, this is an excellent, no-frills crib for simplicity and functionality. definitely recommended for budget-conscious crib buyers! safety.\u00a0here at mommyhood101, we take safety very seriously. where does a baby spend most of his or her time? in the crib, car seat, carrier, and stroller! all these baby products need to conform to the most updated regulations and safety standards, just like we see with the best convertible car seats and best strollers, all of which are designed with safety in mind. cribs have come a long way with regard to safety. many traditional cribs featured a drop-down side to help parents reach their babies: these were banned for good reason in 2011. we won't get into why they were banned here, but suffice it to say you should never purchase a drop-side crib online or at a yard sale! older cribs can also have an unsafe gap width between slats. current standards call for 2-3/8\" (2.375\") maximum distance between slats, but older cribs have wider gaps leading to little heads getting stuck between slats. we made that sound cute, but we promise it is not something you want to happen. some cribs also have decorative cut-outs, maybe of a cute animal or character, but these should also be avoided as there is a risk of getting a little arm or leg caught. finally, never get a crib with decorative rail posts that stick up on the corners; these are snag hazards and need to be avoided. fortunately, cribs have come a long way, but so have parents' needs: fast forward and there are many new safety criteria we're all looking for. first, greenguard and other certifications for lead, phthalates (bpa), and other chemical emissions. second, you want the crib to be strong with high slat load strength, good stability, and low frame flex. third, you want to make sure the company does not have a bad recall history and customer ratings for things like lead paint use (like this one), and ensure that it does not have any recent recalls. finally, you want to make sure you get a mattress (usually sold separately) that is high quality with squared corners (see our\u00a0best crib mattress reviews here). that's a lot to think about for any parent, nevermind first-time parents trying to find the perfect crib for their baby among all the other things they're worrying about! don't worry, we did the work for you. our best crib list only includes cribs that meet these stringent safety criteria. we don't want to freak you out, but here are some of the most common questions we get about bedding basics for a crib, with one consistent answer: no! are crib bumpers safe? are pillows safe? how about decorative pillows? are thick blankets safe? are sleep positioners safe? no, no, no, no, and no! they are all unsafe due to suffocation risks: see here and here for details. kids' bedding is different, but for babies under a couple of years old, you need to be really careful, and to be safe you need to keep any baby gear out of the crib. versatility. convertible cribs have become the norm, complementing the smaller and more portable systems like moses baskets and bedside bassinets. convertible cribs accommodate a much wider age range by converting in response to developmental stages. for infants, the convertible crib starts as a basic crib with four sides. these always have an adjustable mattress height, so you start with the highest setting with a newborn and then gradually move the mattress support lower as your baby gets older. this makes it easy to reach in when you have a newborn, and then you move it lower to ensure your newly mobile baby (crawling, pulling up) cannot climb or fall out when they begin pulling to stand. even better is a mini crib like the nestig cloud, which can basically replace a bassinet entirely and then convert to a full-size crib! about a year after getting to that lowest setting, maybe when your toddler is about 3 years old, you convert the crib to a toddler bed. this happens by removing the front side and replacing it with a (typically included) toddler rail; if it's not included, you can purchase separate universal toddler rails. the toddler bed is designed to give your toddler some independence but also keep them from rolling out of bed in the middle of the night. then when you think your growing child (maybe around 4 years) is ready for a daybed you can remove that partial rail. finally, many convertible cribs will also convert into full-size beds for the \"tween\" and teenage years, using the back and front sides as a headboard and footboard. a convertible crib saves you from purchasing multiple different beds along the way, keeps the style consistent for many years, and gives your growing baby easier transitions with the familiar look and feel of their own crib. all of the cribs we review convert at least from infant to toddler beds, and some go far beyond. beware of convertible cribs that advertise as 6-in-1 or even 7-in-1 convertible cribs: these usually do exactly the same as a 4-in-1 (crib, toddler bed, daybed, twin bed headboard/footboard), but their marketing people figured out they can add more uses if they count with or without the headboard and footboard separately. silliness aside, we suggest going up to a 3in1 crib or 4in1 crib if you truly believe you will use the same head/footboard as part of a twin or full-size bed. here is a great example of a convertible crib that goes from infant all the way to teenager, the davinci kalani convertible crib:. comfort & convenience.\u00a0there are a few things to look for here. now that there are no drop sides, you want to make sure the mattress height is adjustable between at least 3 levels. like we said above, you want to start a newborn baby at the highest level and then move it down as your baby becomes more mobile and there's a risk of crawling/standing/climbing. second, you want to pick the right mattress for comfort and safety. we review and rank the top-rated crib mattresses here,\u00a0but to summarize you want one without harmful emissions, with even and firm support, with squared-off corners, and with dual firmness. if you get a good quality mattress, it will fit snugly into the crib and provide many years of comfortable and safe sleep. you also want the crib to be low profile, without really tall legs that make it difficult for you to reach in and out. finally, for convenience, you want a crib that doesn't take hours to assemble! you basically only want it to have the 4 walls and mattress support. you attach the 4 sides together then put on the mattress support. if it's more complicated than that, then it's worth paying a lot more at a specialty store and having them assemble it for you. most parents buy cribs online nowadays and report assembly taking about a half hour to an hour. modern cribs include not only the instructions and parts but also all necessary tools (typically just allen wrenches). if you're looking for a travel crib that's super portable and easy to assemble and disassemble for travel, check out our reviews of the best travel cribs. cost. we want to point out that most parents want to spend under about $300 on a crib, though you can certainly go much higher than that for premium cribs. some top cribs go above $1000, upwards of $3000 in some cases. those include cribs by companies such as afk furniture, corsican, bratt decor,\u00a0newport cottages,\u00a0and natart juvenile. in general, you will tend to get higher-end stylings, hand-crafted parts using traditional carpentry and wood joining techniques, made in the usa or canada, and maybe even white-glove service. but remember you're only using the crib for a few years, all of the cribs on our list meet astm and cpsc guidelines for safety, and many of them meet additional emissions and quality standards. you might have some gift cards or coupons that you can pull together to make the price more tolerable! we've put together our list of cribs based on three assumptions that we've gathered from our website readers: first, most new parents want to spend under about $300 for a crib, and realize that paying more than that often doesn't result in tangible differences in safety or features. second, most new parents want their cribs to be functional and stylish, and style is a subjective preference that is unique to every parent. and third, people looking for higher-end cribs will likely already know certain companies and models based on the experiences of their friends and families. of course, there are also several places to buy a crib with a moderate to high price and superior quality. these include pottery barn furniture (potterybarn baby), crate and kids, and others. these tend to be very high-quality products at a price point that is quite a bit more than what you'll find on amazon or target, but lower than some of the very high-end crib manufacturers that we list above (like newport cottages and others). at the lower end of the price range, if you're looking for a crib with modern styling at a reasonable price, we encourage you to consider an ikea crib. there are several great ikea cribs and ikea toddler beds available, including the gulliver (reviewed above). they tend to require more assembly than others and might not be quite as sturdy as other cribs on this list, but they are definitely a great bang for the buck if you like the contemporary crib style. the nestig cloud crib offers a beautiful design, sustainably-sourced materials, and the... there are two main types of swaddles, the swaddle blanket and the swaddle wrap. swaddle... not everyone needs a fancy baby monitor with video, wifi, and other bells and whistles.... a bouncer seat is the perfect place to let your infant observe, play, relax, and take a... security buyers guides. best home security systems. best diy home security systems. best home security systems for renters. best pet-friendly home security systems. best self-monitored security systems. best wireless security cameras. see all security camera articles. security brand reviews. simplisafe vs frontpoint. home security resources. professional vs diy home security system installation. how much does a home security system cost? how to choose a security system. 10 simple ways to secure your new home. what to do after a burglary. see all home security articles. senior safety buyers guides. best medical alert systems. best medical alert systems for fall detection. best medical alert necklaces. best medical alert watches. best life alert alternatives. best fitness trackers for seniors. best devices for aging in place. best cell phones for seniors. medical alert reviews. bay alarm medical review. medical guardian review. medical alert comparisons. bay alarm medical vs medical guardian. bay alarm medical vs getsafe. life alert vs bay alarm medical. life alert vs medical guardian. lifeline vs medical guardian. senior safety resources. how a smart home can help aging parents. how to keep grandma and grandpa safe online. room-by-room guide for senior safety. ultimate guide for aging in place. what is a panic pendant and how does it work? see all senior safety articles. baby & toddler safety\u200b. best babyproof cabinet locks. room-by-room guide to baby proofing. see all baby & toddler articles. best kids gps trackers. best vehicle gps trackers. best parental control software. best smartwatches for kids\u200b. dangerous apps for kids. kids internet safety guide. kid & teen safety faq. see all kid & teen articles. best apps for walking home alone. best locks for apartments. best pepper sprays for self-defense. complete college safety guide. personal safety devices for every situation. apartment security guide. renter and college student faq. see all young adult articles. best gps collars and pet trackers. how to keep pets safe while you're away. how much does pet insurance cost? pet owner's guide to home automation. see all pet safety articles. home safety buyers guides. best fire extinguishers. best carbon monoxide detectors. best emergency survival kits. best gas leak detectors. best portable home generators. best water leak sensors. what to do if your house floods. how to build an emergency kit. how to prepare for an earthquake. home fire safety guide. see all emergency articles. home safety resources. month-by-month guide to home maintenance. room-by-room guide to a safer home. home safety checklist. see all home safety articles. safest college towns in the us\u200b. state of safety in the us. safest cities in the us. safest cities to raise a family. safest metro cities in the us. most dangerous metro cities in the us. the most-burglarized city in your state. pandemic concerns by state. smart home spending during the pandemic. package theft in the u.s. coronavirus (covid-19) faq. see all recent articles. child car crash stats. how safe is your neighborhood? impaired driving stats. kids internet safety guide. see all safety news articles. family safety best baby cribs of 2023. safewise is an independent review site. we may earn money when you click links on our site. learn how we rank and review. we recommend the davinci kalani 4-in-1 as the best baby crib to keep your little one safe and well-rested in their nursery. it\u2019s affordable and sustainable with a high-quality pine finish. if that doesn\u2019t strike your fancy, we have several other crib recommendations. find something durable here with chemical-free construction and a low environmental impact. *amazon.com price as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. read full disclaimer. *amazon.com price as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. read full disclaimer. davinci is known for making beautiful baby furniture that can stand the test of time. the kalani 4-in-1 convertible baby crib is no exception. made of sustainably sourced new zealand pine wood, this crib features gentle curves and your choice of high-quality finishes. the classic styling makes this the perfect piece of furniture to grow with your child. with the purchase of a conversion kit, you can expand the crib to a toddler bed and then to a full-size bed your child can use through college and beyond. we just wish it were easier to put together. assembly is a two-person job\u2014and it can take a couple of hours to complete. *amazon.com price as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. read full disclaimer. not only is the babyletto hudson 3-in-1 one of the most stylish convertible cribs we found, but it\u2019s the only one on our list that includes the conversion kit up front. that means you don\u2019t have to make an extra purchase when it\u2019s time to take the babyletto hudson from crib to toddler bed to daybed. but that inclusion does bump up the price, making this the most expensive convertible crib on our list. *amazon.com price as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. read full disclaimer. the delta children canton convertible crib delivers elegant design and sturdy construction at an attractive price point. plus, customers report that it\u2019s painless to put together\u2014taking just 30 minutes for most. the daybed rail and a toddler bed guardrail are included, but you\u2019ll have to buy the full-size bed rails separately. and, although this crib meets safety standards, some parents noted that the spaces between the slats are wide enough for tiny limbs to fit through. *amazon.com price as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. read full disclaimer. if your baby spends a lot of time away from home, this folding crib is a smart way to keep baby safe and comfy at nap or bedtime. it\u2019s a full-size crib that folds flat. and there\u2019s no disassembly required. the dream on me stationary side crib also comes with two-position mattress support, a non-drop side, and locking wheels. our biggest issue is tricky assembly\u2014we recommend calling in someone handy to help with this one. *amazon.com price as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. read full disclaimer. the babyletto origami mini portable crib was made for people who are short on space or living in apartments. it also makes a decent travel crib. its miniscule footprint means you can tuck it into a corner and then fold it up easily when it\u2019s not in use. lockable casters make it easy to safely roll from room to room. if you need a reliable, safe, and cute crib that doesn\u2019t take up much room, this is it. but the small size means you\u2019ll be shopping for a new bed by baby\u2019s first birthday. *info current as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. if you want to create a nursery that even william and kate\u2019s (or harry and meghan's) brood would envy, then this decadent crib should be your pi\u00e8ce de r\u00e9sistance. inspired by a louis xv antique, the intricate carvings and luxurious upholstered sides on the rh colette tufted crib are opulent. you can select the fabric (belgian linen or vintage velvet) for a bespoke crib that\u2019s one of a kind, but make sure you truly love it because there are no cancellations on custom orders. at more than $1,600, it\u2019s one impulse buy you don\u2019t want to regret. fortunately, you can buy a separate conversion kit to keep the splendor going through your little royal\u2019s toddler years. your baby will sleep in their crib from the time they\u2019re born until their second birthday. here\u2019s a quick run-down of what you should do to keep your wee one safe while they\u2019re sleeping in a crib. read our crib safety guide for more information. 1. don't use bulky blankets or pillows. when your baby is little, they won\u2019t have much muscle control. if babies roll over onto thick pillows or blankets, they could suffocate. if you\u2019re worried about your baby getting cold, buy warm pajamas or a blanket sleeper. this way, the warmth will come from their clothing and they won\u2019t get caught up in plush items. 2. do make sure your crib is certified. kids can get caught and seriously injure themselves in poorly built cribs. over the years, safety standards for cribs have evolved, and dangerous cribs and features have been recalled. if you don\u2019t see cpsc, astm, or jpma certification on a crib, don\u2019t buy it. 3. don\u2019t be afraid to reuse . . . to a point. if a crib is ten years old or older, don\u2019t use it. the same goes for broken cribs. modern cribs have safety features older versions do not, so keep your baby safer by using newer and undamaged cribs. 4. do adjust the mattress height. once your child can stand or sit up, you\u2019ll want to adjust the mattress height in the crib. this will keep your baby from falling over the edge of the crib and getting hurt. 5. don't use drop-side cribs. cpsc standards no longer support cribs with drop sides. while the design allowed parents to reach babies more easily, drop sides have been linked to almost three dozen infant deaths. they\u2019re dangerous and should be avoided. 6. do follow directions. following directions while assembling a crib is crucial. if you miss a step or do something incorrectly, it could hurt your baby. 7. don\u2019t dangle danger. keep your baby\u2019s crib away from dangling objects like curtains or blinds. they present a strangulation risk. if you use a mobile, make sure it\u2019s installed high enough that your baby can\u2019t reach it. 8. do double check everything. once your crib is assembled, give it a thorough once-over. check for jagged edges, loose materials, and defects. not all products are perfect, so double-checking can prevent a tragedy. when testing out a crib in a store, go ahead and give it a good shake. this will let you know if the frame seems loose, which could indicate missing or weak stabilizer bars under the frame. while you\u2019re at it, check for loose spindles or slats and make sure everything is tight and secure. finding a safe crib or bassinet is just one part of preparing a safe, cozy sleeping environment for your infant. we found these alternative sleeping solutions and safe crib extras that are worth a look. *amazon.com price as of post date. offers and availability may vary by location and are subject to change. read full disclaimer. we believe the davinci kalani 4-in-1 is the best crib thanks to its blend of affordability and safety certifications. we looked at everything from price and safety standards to environmental sustainability to help you make the right choice for your new addition. all of our featured cribs sell the mattress separately and are made of chemical-free materials. as a college student, i was all about saving a few bucks, so i bought a used crib for my first child. at the time, i wasn\u2019t aware of the potential risks of slats with gaps that were too wide, dropping sides that could trap little arms or legs, or even the presence of lead paint. i was focused on finding something cute that i could afford. when you\u2019re looking at a piece of furniture that your child is definitely going to outgrow, it\u2019s hard to justify investing in a brand-new bassinet or crib. fortunately, my penny-pinching purchase didn\u2019t result in any harm to my daughter, but looking back i would do things differently. that\u2019s not to say that it\u2019s never okay to buy a used crib, but you need to\u00a0make sure it meets current safety standards\u00a0and hasn\u2019t been damaged in any way. some things to look for if you\u2019re thinking about a used crib include the production date of the crib, slats that are no greater than 2\u00a03/8\u00a0inches apart, loose posts or knobs, exposed screws and nuts, and any sharp edges or rough wood. you should test the crib to make sure it isn\u2019t wobbly, which could indicate weakened hardware and joints. peeling paint is another hazard to watch out for. most cribs don\u2019t come with a mattress, so this is an\u00a0extra purchase\u00a0you need to make. the safest (and simplest) way to decide on a crib mattress is to find out if the maker of your crib also produces a mattress. this guarantees the right fit, which is crucial to keeping your baby safe while they slumber. whether you buy a mattress designed for your crib or one sold by another brand, there are ways to determine a proper fit. full-size crib mattresses are required to be 27 \u00bc \u00a0inches wide by 51 \u215d inches long.\u00a0the mattress needs to be no thicker than 6 inches. you should also manually check the fit once the mattress is inside the crib\u2014if you can fit more than two fingers between the frame and the mattress, it doesn\u2019t fit. also, check out materials used in the mattress. you\u2019ll likely buy either an innerspring mattress or a foam mattress\u2014both types are common for cribs and safe to use. you also want\u00a0chemical-free mattress construction, including any mattress supports. watch out for use of mdf (medium-density fiberboard) boards, which contain a low level of formaldehyde. there is a permissible amount of formaldehyde that is considered safe, but if you want your nursery to be 100% nontoxic, this is one area where you should pay close attention. you may also consider a double-sided mattress\u2014especially if you have a convertible crib. these mattresses are designed to provide maximum safety and comfort as your baby grows from an infant into a toddler. the infant side is firmer to provide safe rest for your bambino. when they get older, you can flip the mattress to the softer side, which is more comfortable for a toddler. as noted earlier, it\u2019s hard to invest in a piece of furniture that will become obsolete in as little as two years\u2014even if it is for your darling baby. one way to extend the life of your investment is to purchase a convertible crib. these cribs, also known as\u00a03-in-1\u00a0or\u00a04-in-1\u00a0cribs, let you convert your baby\u2019s crib into different sizes of beds that can serve them throughout their childhood and sometimes into adulthood. the most obvious benefit is the longevity of your initial crib purchase. instead of having to get rid of outgrown furniture and buy something new, all you need to do is pick up a conversion kit and a bigger mattress. this also makes other purchases, like coordinating dressers and tables, last beyond the nursery and into an eventual teen bedroom. another nice thing about convertible cribs is that they\u2019re usually higher quality because they are\u00a0built to last\u00a0longer than just a few years. if you\u2019re looking at going the convertible route, we recommend opting for a 4-in-1 crib that can work from infancy all the way up until your kid is ready for a full-sized bed. this type of convertible crib also has a daybed option between toddler bed and full size, which makes the transition easier for your child during each stage. it used to be that cribs were full of blankets, cuddly toys, and accessories like bumpers that protected little heads from getting bruised and kept small arms and legs out of crib slats. but it's now recommended that all your baby needs to sleep safely is a mattress with a waterproof cover under a fitted sheet. aside from the fact that blankets, bumpers, and stuffed animals add to the aesthetic of your nursery, it can be tempting to disregard current advice when we all know babies that survived those hazards unscathed. but we believe it\u2019s better to be safe than sorry, so we strongly advise following the\u00a0recommendations\u00a0of the american academy of pediatrics. that doesn\u2019t mean the crib has to be completely devoid of personality. there are a number of cute, safe crib sheets that can add to your nursery\u2019s charm\u2014just make sure they are made to snugly fit the mattress. beware of hand-me-down sheets that may have lost their stretch. in place of blankets,\u00a0use a swaddle wrap\u00a0or\u00a0wearable blanket\u00a0to keep baby snug all night long. instead of stuffed animals, try a night light that changes colors, projects stars or animal designs onto the walls, or plays soothing sounds and lullabies. you have enough on your mind with a little one on the way, so we took care of all the research for you. to find the best baby cribs, we dug into industry and product research, evaluating product features, specs, performance, and reviews from parents who\u2019ve used the cribs we recommend. we consulted the cpsc crib safety regulations and made sure each crib on our list was safety certified. then we chatted with manufacturers to make sure the information we had was accurate. our top six cribs were selected from 27 cribs that were initially considered. the ones that made our list stood out for safety, style, and customer satisfaction. read more about how we review products on our methodology page. product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. any price and availability information displayed on amazon at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.\u00a0safewise.com\u00a0utilizes paid amazon links. certain content that appears on this site comes from amazon. this content is provided \u201cas is\u201d and is subject to change or removal at any time. aboutcontactpressblogdeals. home securityinternet securityhome safetyfamily safetysenior safety. car safetysmart homeemergency preppet safetypersonal safety. subscribe to safewise for updates on safety news, product releases, and deals! terms of service | privacy policy | how we rank and review |. *safewise has conducted impartial research to recommend products. this is not a guarantee. each individual\u2019s unique needs should be considered when deciding on chosen products. \u00a92023 safewise. all rights reserved. ad-free. influence-free. powered by consumers. the payment for your account couldn't be processed or you've canceled your account with us. we don\u2019t recognize that sign in. your username maybe be your email address. passwords are 6-20 characters with at least one number and letter. we still don\u2019t recognize that sign in.   retrieve your username.      reset your password. forgot your username or password? don\u2019t have an account? save products you love, products you own and much more! other membership benefits:. car ratings & reviews. which car brands make the best vehicles? car maintenance & repair. listen to the talking cars podcast. top picks for the bathroom. best lawn mowers and tractors of 2023. home improvement essential. best roofing shingles of 2023. home safety & security. best diy home security systems of 2023. what to do with a broken appliance. best small kitchen appliances. best laundry gear & vacuums. heating, cooling & air. how to lower utility bills when the temperature rises. best and worst home internet providers. smartphones & wearables. find the right phone for you. digital security & privacy. consumer reports tested nine, including convertible cribs and popular models from pottery barn kids, ikea, delta, nestig, and other brands. when you shop through retailer links on our site, we may earn affiliate commissions.\n                    100% of the fees we collect are used to support our nonprofit mission.\n                    learn more. a crib is likely to be one of the first things you\u2019ll purchase when you have a baby on the way. this makes it one of the most exciting\u2014and possibly stressful\u2014products you\u2019ll ever buy for your kid. thankfully, new cribs sold in the u.s. must conform to safety standards set by the consumer product safety commission, so the primary criteria should come down to budget, aesthetics, construction quality, and ease of assembly (because anyone who\u2019s ever put together ikea furniture knows how crucial this is). so what should you consider when choosing the bed where your little one will spend most of their time in their first few months of life? we\u2019ve broken down the basics below, but for a more comprehensive look, check our cribs buying guide. there, you\u2019ll find information about different crib prices, a look at how we tested models, shopping and safety features, and more. before we get to the fun stuff, though, remember that no matter what crib you choose, you should always keep safe sleep practices in mind. that can be boiled down to a few simple rules:. as you stroll your local department store or scroll through an online baby gear shop, there are a few things you\u2019ll want to keep in mind. if for any reason you must buy (or borrow) a used crib, make sure it\u2019s a stationary-side crib manufactured after 2013, because federal safety standards for stationary-side cribs went into effect in 2011 (the two additional years provide a bit of safety wiggle room). check the crib for a label that includes the model number and the manufacturing date or lot code, as well as contact info for the manufacturer. typically, these codes appear in a discreet spot on the crib frame, or underneath the mattress support. if you can\u2019t decipher the manufacturing date from the lot number or lot code, call the manufacturer and ask. if there\u2019s no clear label, don\u2019t use the crib. \u201csometimes a used crib may be passed on to you disassembled,\u201d says joan muratore, test program leader at consumer reports. \u201ci\u2019d be very nervous about that because you won\u2019t know if there\u2019s missing hardware unless you have the assembly instructions.\u201d the same goes for \u201copen box\u201d cribs that were previously bought and returned; they could be missing parts, so it\u2019s best to avoid purchasing these. drop-side cribs, which allow for one side of the crib to temporarily lower to provide easier access to the baby, are dangerous and have been banned since 2011. do not use drop-side cribs. cribs that are too high off the ground make it difficult for shorter parents to comfortably access their child. \u201cif a store has a floor model of the crib you\u2019re considering, lean over the rail as if you\u2019re picking a baby up from inside the crib to see whether the crib\u2019s rail height is a good fit for your height,\u201d muratore says. if the crib is too big for the mattress, the baby could become trapped and suffocate. \u201cif you can fit more than two fingers between the crib frame and the mattress, the mattress is too small,\u201d says muratore. if that\u2019s the case\u2014time for a new mattress. muratore\u2019s team took a streamlined approach to testing these cribs, focusing on three main criteria: how easy is the crib to assemble? is it quality construction? and how easy is it to change the height of the mattress? ease of assembly: is it simple to put the crib together, or is it so complicated that you might find yourself in tears before the crib\u2019s ready to go? muratore is pretty adept at putting things together\u2014she\u2019s been doing it for nearly 30 years here at consumer reports. she used a methodology known as the consumer assembly friendliness (caf) score. the caf considers the total number of parts, how many actions it takes to assemble, and the number of different types of parts, to reach a total score. the fewer parts, the better for each.\u00a0assembling the crib should be straightforward enough that you would not need to hire a professional. construction quality: our testers looked at the primary crib material (hardwood? softwood? engineered wood? metal?), the type of mattress support (the slats or platform that support the crib mattress), and how the support is attached to the crib itself. they also looked at the placement of the required safety label\u2014parents may be tempted to remove obtrusively placed safety warning labels, such as those that would be visible above the sleeping baby\u2019s head\u2014as well as how easy the label is to remove. (hint: don\u2019t remove the label!) muratore\u2019s team also looked at any flaws or defects in the construction of the crib, such as dents or nicks that were painted over rather than repaired, parts that didn\u2019t fit together perfectly, or inconsistent colors. ease of changing mattress support height: young infants sleep in a crib at the crib mattress\u2019s highest support height. as the baby gets older, you lower the mattress (decreasing the likelihood that the baby will be able to lift themselves or climb out). typically, parents need to change the crib mattress height only a handful of times, so this made up a small fraction of the total score of each crib. however, the ease of this essential task nevertheless adds to the overall experience a parent will have with their baby\u2019s crib. we looked at how easy or difficult it was to accomplish this task, and whether it requires two adults or one. a note on convertibility: many of the cribs we tested are convertible, which means you can modify them into toddler beds, daybeds, and even full-sized beds. consumer reports refers to the convertibility listed in each crib\u2019s manual, which may occasionally differ from what the company advertises. consumer reports tested nine cribs, including the popular babyletto, the tiktok favorite by nestig, a budget-friendly option from ikea, and a steel crib that (spoiler) we loved. below, you\u2019ll find our three most highly rated models; for more, head over to our cribs ratings. become a member to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. we investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. we respect your privacy.\n                all email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. so here is my advice. all new cribs are safe so that is not the issue. i am also not addressing price due to being \u201cdesigner\u201d just quality.if you plan on having more kids get a more expensive one that you can disassemble and assemble with ease and also turns into a toddler bed. my crib is on its third child, it has been assembled and disassembled many times (most dont fit through doorway and when you move or change bedrooms you will have to disassemble). and besides some scratches and stuff it\u2019s in great shape. i bough it an expensive european baby store i think it\u2019s german. my parents bought a cheap crib and every time they disassemble it the screws strip or something?  and at this point they are worried if they keep assembling and disassembling it - it will fall apart. they are buying a new one. and it didn\u2019t turn into a bed either. i have this philosophy with all my baby stuff. people say it\u2019s ridiculous to buy a 500$ stroller or expensive drawers but it depends on your philosophy. i literally had my baby dresser for 30 years. i used the same stroller day in day out for several years and didn\u2019t need to buy more than one. assuming you can afford it i think it\u2019s good for the environment for people to stop disposing of everything so often and buying multiples, it\u2019s better to buy quality for the environment as you don\u2019t go through 5 dressers in 30 year. i also think too much stuff is mass produced crap in automated factories and quality items are made by real craftsman which is a dying art (and also jobs)anyway that is my opinion - go to a nice boutique. ask for people to chip in on an expensive item for your baby shower instead of countless onesies that will never get worn.  fellow ftm here! i used [lucieslist](https://www.lucieslist.com/) to help me figure out the ins and outs of all the baby gear. she breaks things down by category and price and it's super easy to follow and a good place to start. i got my first from amazon for around $150. it's very basic. but my second one is pottery barn, converts to a toddler bed and also headboard/footboard for a double. and i got it from nextdoor second hand for $150. i would go that way again in an instant. our ikea sundvik crib is awesome, and has held up extremely well - and it was only $120. i got a mid range crib from target, it was $300. imo it's mostly just about style. they all perform the same function safely. we had an ikea crib. the support mesh-like stuff started to sag after three months of use. (it did move with us prior, but seemed to be in good shape after the move.) we just replaced it with a target crib that converts and it has a metal base.  that would be my only recommendation is to get one with a metal base rather than the pinewood + mesh that ikea cribs have.edit to add: my baby is pretty small to (in the 1-3% for weight), so the sagging wasn't really due to him being too chunky. i also looked on lucie\u2019s list. ended up with the davinci kalani convertible crib off of amazon. it held up well (moved across the country twice). we didn\u2019t want to spend too much on kiddo\u2019s furniture because we knew we would move a lot (husband is military) and we knew she would outgrow it.  i bought the dream on me violet 7-in-1 convertible crib from kohl\u2019s. it wasn\u2019t my absolute favorite crib but it was on sale for about $100 and i had a credit to pay for it. as a bonus, kohl\u2019s is amazing about returns so if we decide it isn\u2019t a high enough quality when we put it together or if we find it isn\u2019t standing up to use and we would prefer something different we can return it. as for mattresses, we bought a waterproof sealy mattress that is firm on one side for the crib and soft on the other for a toddler bed. i bought one from walmart that converts into a toddler bed. we\u2019ve moved across the country and converted it and it\u2019s still going strong. i believe it was under $200. honestly i would just get one that you like the design of and that converts into a toddler bed. any crib on the market is going to be safe. if you want to splurge, splurge on the mattress rather than the crib itself.  we got a delta children crib from target. i think it was about $300 originally but we found our store had clearanced out one color of the crib for 50% off. they did the same with the travel system we wanted so we got about $600 of merchandise for $300. they were still full price on the website so i guess it just depends on each store\u2019s individual stock. just read the reviews before you buy and you should be good! my recommendation would be to get a crib where there is the option to have the mattress installed at various heights. that way you can install the mattress at the highest setting at the start (easier to put newborn to sleep in) and then install the mattress lower when baby gets older to make it harder for them to climb out. otherwise, i don't personally think there is much to it other than finding a look you like. they are all made to the same safety specs. i would avoid amazon and stick to regular retailers for items where safety is a concern (crib, bassinet, car seat, etc). ikea singlar with a newton matresss. best of both worlds. simple, comfortable, and easy to clean. we used a storkcraft crib for 2 kids, from infant through toddler years and it was super sturdy. i just gave it to a friend a few weeks ago. highly recommend! we purchased the jenny lind 3-in-1 convertible mini cribs for the twins and i'm scared they won't last once the babies start pulling up, and i absolutely could not imagine them being viable as a toddler bed. i'm going to remove the casters from the bottom to see if that improves anything. they are stunning, but i wouldn't buy them again if i'm just going off of how sturdy they are now. fwiw, we got our sons crib at ikea. it was fine as a crib, but when we set it to toddler mode, the holes weren\u2019t lined up exactly, and we had to drill new holes to make it work, which was annoying. then we tried to move it with us across country. it didn\u2019t do well and wasn\u2019t useable by the end. we just purchased a new pottery barn kids one via fb market place for baby #2 for $40 less than we paid at ikea new. wobblyness over time is something i\u2019ve noticed with other ikea pieces too. so personally, i\u2019d pass having done that, but you can easily find a good quality one secondhand one on craigslist or fb market place for $100 or less. a lot of grandparents apparently get cribs thinking they will have the kids more than they do, so ours for instance is in pristine condition. just my two cents. i checked a lot of lists, from safety websites to parent blogs, youtube videos and a ton of resources and all of them said the crib is not something you need to spend a lot of money on. that being said, if what you want is a gorgeous crib there are some freaking beautiful cribs out there. i just couldn't justify it when all my research said the crib wasn't an important \"high spend\". i got the ikea crib and used the money saved towards a better stroller and car seat. hope that helps! we have the sebra crib - https://toctockids.com/en/cots/cuna-kili-from-sebra-convertible-white/415.html obsessed with it. it's so pretty, the quality is great, and it works for newborns, toddlers and children up to about 10. many keep using it as a daybed in the playroom after their kids outgrow it too. we are thinking it's gonna last us for all our kids (this is our first) and maybe even pass it on to our younger siblings when we are done with it. ikea cribs are great! we were incredibly happy with ours, and it's held up being used for two kids now. they only convert to a toddler bed, but honestly i'm fine with that. i honestly don't know anyone who actually converted a crib to a full sized bed for their kid, most people went with other kinds of beds for their kids at that stage. don't over think the crib. anything new is great and will conform to modern safety standards, older used stuff you have to check the slat distance.  the ikea ones are great and many convert to toddler beds, which is ideal because those first couple of years fly by. ikea - there are safety standards that needs to be met or else companies wouldn\u2019t be allowed to sell their products. so i would say most brands are safe $75 ikea crib. i specifically got one with natural wood and without paint bc some babies/toddlers chew on their cribs when teething and i didn\u2019t want to worry about paint chips. luckily my kid wasn\u2019t a chewer but still, never know about baby #2. all crib mattresses have to meet cpsc standards, so they\u2019re all safe! same with cribs. companies will use words like \u201cbreathable\u201d to imply that their product is better/safer, but that term isn\u2019t regulated so there\u2019s no way to really know if those products are better. i did \u201csplurge\u201d on my kiddos mattress and got him the little dreamer moonlight slumber luxury mattress. honestly i have no reason for it other than when i went to buybuybaby and touched the options (all pre-pandemic) it seemed really nice and comfy. i liked that i came with a washable mattress protector and the mattress itself is easy to wipe clean. we\u2019re going on 2 years of use and i\u2019m still really pleased, and i guess so is kiddo! i have the ikea sniglar and love it. there are two height settings, and it does come with the toddler conversion. this i knew i wanted from the beginning. i didn\u2019t use the crib until she was 6 mo, i started with a snoo. also, if i didn\u2019t have the ikea i would have gotten the wave crib. https://www.nestig.com/products/the-wave-crib?variant=34526002118824the mattress i use is graco brand foam mattress that is green guard certified. i liked the newton but didn\u2019t want to pay that much. this is firm and really nice. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b010s7vzi0?psc=1&ref=ppx_pop_mob_b_asin_title theoretically the pottery barn west elm one\u2026 but i ordered it in june and they just delayed it again to mid december due to supply chain issues so i can\u2019t recommend going with them\u2026 i understand this is a global issue, but they are selling products with delivery dates that they are not remotely able to honor (they\u2019ve delayed the crib by an extra two months so far). so would suggest skipping them. all cribs have to pass rigorous safety guideline to be approved for sale in their respective markets.  the key to ensuring a safe sleep space is that the mattress fits snugly in the crib and that the sheet is snug on the mattress. the ikea is a classic for a reason. it looks great, is safe, and priced well. there's no reason to splurge unless you want to.i went with the babyletto gelato crib for my first and it's all set up to be passed to the second. i like that it has 4 height settings and that i can take the feet off to make it shorter if needed. it also comes with a toddler conversion kit.for the mattress, i bought the newton. it was a splurge, but i had a lot of anxiety about sids and the mattress helped alleviate that. my son slept, jumped, played on it for three years, and it has no sagging or visible wear. the mattress is firm, lightweight, easy to wash, and quiet (the vinyl mattresses crinkle so much)! i bought the newton waterproof cover when we were potty training, and was also really pleased with it, and it was great for travel. ikea singular and the moonlight slumber little dreamer mattress.i looked into the newton and started getting caught up in the breathable advertising, but it\u2019s just advertising. i plan on following the advice i see regularly on here of layering mattress protectors and crib sheets so if there\u2019s a blowout in the middle of the night you can just take off the sheet and mattress protector and not have to do a full change in the middle of the night. i realized that the breathable mattress isn\u2019t going to do any good if it has multiple layers of waterproof mattress protectors over top. i got a delta essex crib from target and a mattress from amazon that had good reviews for like $50 a custom restoration hardware belle upholstered crib (with toddler conversion)and the naturepedic organic mattress. we obviously splurged, but wanted something that looked great and will last years. green guard certified was important to us. the mattress is very well made. we got [this crib](https://www.westelm.com/m/products/mid-century-convertible-crib-acorn-h3207/?pkey=ccribs) from west elm, though we didn\u2019t pay nearly this much. we got it on sale, but i also think it was cheaper to begin with a couple of years ago. if it was today i probably would be looking for something like it used.and we got [this latex mattress](https://sleepez.com/products/crib-natural-latex-mattress/). i like latex a lot, it\u2019s non toxic and very durable, if you\u2019re concerned about off gassing and such. most \u201cnatural\u201d mattresses fall apart pretty fast, so i don\u2019t recommend investing in one. i\u2019m also happy to pay for things that are either more functional or just bring me more joy than other things.i don\u2019t think you get any value out of a more expensive crib.  all cribs have mattresses that lower.  it\u2019s not moving around so durability doesn\u2019t really come into play imo.  you really don\u2019t touch it a ton or look at it super often (well, i\u2019m not in the room when my baby is sleeping).  just get the cheapest thing that you can handle aesthetically. an ikea crib is totally fine, as a used one. they even make babies sleep in cardboard boxes.i think the mattress is more important. we have used an ikea crib for the last 3 years for two kids! my mil bought it for us and really wanted to spend $300-$400 on a \"nicer\" crib but i put my foot down. no need to spend unnecessary money on something the baby may or may not use as long as it is safe!we got the crib just above the cheapest one, the sundvik, although their prices have gone up.  it is sturdy and safe and we like it! there\u2019s no need to splurge on a crib, as one person already commented, get the cheapest one you like visually. before having our first i was all worked up about what i wanted aesthetically and ended up going with what was onsale and it hasn\u2019t mattered since. i would recommend getting a good mattress though. i ended up getting an new expensive mattress later on cause it stressed me out when she started to roll over. i wouldn\u2019t buy used unless it\u2019s from someone you know. you never know if it\u2019s been assembled properly, if all the parts are there or if it it\u2019s up to todays safety standards. buying new will hopefully eliminate stress down the road. we got a used ikea crib for $40 that converted to a toddler bed.  we used it for 6 years nonstop, and it was still in great condition when we passed it on.  so i\u2019m biased, but a cheap and sturdy ikea crib will do the trick as well as any $1000 crib from a baby boutique i had the ikea sundvik crib, the mattress does drop down to a lower level. you can also take the front off and use it as a toddler bed. all cribs have to meet safety standards, don\u2019t feel like expensive equals better quality.the ikea crib was very sturdy and held up for two babies. at the end of the day though the edges of the top rail were covered in teeth marks lol. babies love to chew on things and this is going to happen even to a 900 dollar crib so i\u2019d think about that too! also if you\u2019re looking for quality and longevity in a crib don\u2019t waste your money on a trendy oval crib. your baby will quickly outgrow it and you\u2019ll end up having to buy another crib. how many children do you plan on having? i got a pretty low cost one and it held up fine with my child, who used it untill 2.5. you don't really need a high quality crib; it's something that's going to be used for a few years and then gotten rid of. (unless you plan lots of kids). i'd go for high quality rocking chair, book shelf, or other furniture that you will keep 10+ years.also definitely go for the standard rectangle one not the oval one in your picture. it'll be much easier finding sheets, mattresses and mattress protectors with a standard size crib honestly i bought a nice my 13 month is currently sleeping soundly in his 50 dollar packnplay \ud83d\ude02 he hated the crib i would invest in a nice dresser or bookshelf or glider instead and get a cheaper but nice looking crib and invest in the big kid bed thats my plan oldest daughter and son-in-law are purchasing 4 cribs from wal-mart at around $200 each. one for each of their married daughters that are due in summer. the forth is  for a couple due in april around their sixteenth birthdays. i chose one that could be used as the baby grows, a \"convertible\" crib i believe it is called. it have 7 different ways to convert it. it also has 4 mattress height options. safety standards are pretty basic across the board for cribs, so beyond that, just pick one you like. we had a small budget, but we are happy with our choice: http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b00gulaq4s/ref=s9_simh_gw_d0_g75_i5?pf_rd_m=atvpdkikx0der&pf_rd_s=mobile-1&pf_rd_r=0e1nrm9c4sa04w76x09h&pf_rd_t=36701&pf_rd_p=2068141862&pf_rd_i=mobile not gonna lie, but we're probably going with one from ikea. yeah, i know the store is a joke sometimes about how cheap they are...but their cribs are made with the standards of the eu in mind. they have stricter standards of what a crib can be made of/how it's made than here in the us. things are cheap there because you put it together and the genius of their packaging. i worry about getting a crib and having it be made cheaply and out of things that could injure my child. i fear those drop side cribs! and the amount of formaldehyde that is allowed in our everyday products is scary. http://www.non-toxicnurse.com/most-cribs-are-toxic-but-there-are-safe-alternatives/also, most of their cribs are three way convertible. they go from being a raised mattress for easy access to tiny baby, to full crib for the crawling and pulling up baby to a toddler bed. this is important to me, because i like furniture that can be used with more than one purpose. and it should help with transitions, as the child has been sleeping in that crib for awhile and i won't just be moving them to a big scary new bed.  been looking at the sundvik crib mostly: http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/80248573/if the hubby/bank account will allow i'd love the stuva one (the drawers on the bottom are a big plus): http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/s79927002/edit - glad to know so many of you guys are using the ikea stuff! i get laughed at by friends when i tell them i am thinking of going with ikea. for some reason, because you put it together yourself...they feel like it's made cheaply. but what do they know? nothing :d we got all of our nursery furniture at ikea and went with the [sniglar](http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/50248541/) model. very sturdy and good quality, and a good price for a convertable crib! arg! had a full response typed out on mobile but then swapping between apps killed my response! woe!anyway, i am doing two different types of sleeping arrangements for kit. we have a convertible crib for once she's a smidge older and i am doing less overnight feedings - http://www.fisher-price.com/en_us/brands/babygear/products/caitlin-convertible-criband we also have a small bassinet in our bedroom right next to my side of the bed. it's a graco travel lite crib with stages. it was a hand me down and all i have to do is replace the mat in it. it's simple but it'll absolutely work for the first few months! we went with this one: http://m.ikea.com/ca/en/catalog/products/art/10248524/ it's simple, compact, affordable, and converts to a toddler bed. my husband said it was really easy to put together. i got a convertible crib that will turn into a full size bed. it was a little pricier up front, but i'm saving on only having to buy a mattress and bedding when he's older. it's from buy buy baby, jack and jill crib from mother hubbard's cupboard. [pics](http://m.imgur.com/a/stq1k) we went with this crib (actually got it from bbru using a 20% buy buy baby coupon) and love it! it is a bit pricier but we plan on having more kids and the style fits perfectly with my husband and i's taste. i'm almost done with the nursery and will post pics of how it looks in the room soon!! http://www.amazon.com/babyletto-hudson-convertible-crib-toddler/dp/b007crjhte i used the book baby bargains to evaluate quality and to evaluate the noise.  i really like my baby cache crib from babies r us. the quality is good and it's lasted and stayed in good condition through two babies with near continuous use for 3+ years for 2 different kids and also survived a move where it was dismantled and put back together.  zero complaints! baby cache heritage in espresso we got the ikea sniglar for downstairs and splurged on an all natural, sids approved organic mattress which we will alternate between downstairs and the cot in the nursery. the nursery cot is a tasmanian oak cot that's been in the family for 10 years. i also have a cradle that will be in my room. sounds excessive but we have a fairly big house and i figure it's best to have sleeping areas everywhere to make it easier on me once she gets here. good luck! this in white.http://www.amazon.com/davinci-kalani-convertible-toddler-espresso/dp/b0010todhg/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&qid=1436368389&sr=8-1&keywords=kalani+cribi went off a friends recommendation. i love my ikea crib. currently a toddler bed for sister until her brother comes in october. if you are going to get something used just look online to be sure there are no recalls. i had a used carseat for my first but it had not expired and i had gotten it from a friend of mine i know did not have accidents in it. the crib i bought new but bought a used ikea crib of facebook marketplace for grandmas house and we had no issues. i will say i am glad i got a crib that only turns into a toddler bed. my daughter is 3 and wants a big girl bed. before brother comes, we are buying a tandem bed for both kids so he can share the room with her when he's older. as kids grow they have their own style and ideas of what they want their room to look like so i am glad we now can go looking for room furniture that she gets to help pick. now with my second coming, i have bought everything second hand. buying everything new really isn't necessary and pretty wasteful. had to have #1 to learn that lol.one thing i would not buy used unless i know the people would be anything with cushions or a mattress. you simply just don't know if the home had bed bugs etc. however, if you have a friend that you know never had issues like these it's fair game. we bought our crib on amazon, however i know a lot of people on this sub go with one of the ikea cribs. they're quite sturdy, unpainted and nontoxic so you don't have to worry about when baby starts teething, and they're highly affordable. we got a convertible crib for our first, and i regret it.i didn't know that the conversion pieces were sold separately. so the crib was $300, and each conversion kit is an additional $300, and for our crib, they're hard to find in the colour we have. we opted not to do the conversion to toddler bed - i'm not spending $600 (original crib + conversion kit) on a toddler bed. we moved him to a twin bed instead - it will last way longer for around the same price. also, our crib had been chewed on quite a bit, so it isn't really fit to be used as a double bed eventually. if i could go back in time, i would just get the $100 ikea crib. i bought one off facebook market place, a graco convertible one for 25$haven\u2019t used it yet because i\u2019m only just about to hit 21 weeks but i\u2019ve put it together and it\u2019s study af, it\u2019s really easy to lower the metal part for different crib heights as well as when i\u2019ll eventually need to convert it to a toddler bed. i\u2019d feel comfortable enough to lay in it myself because it feels that sturdy.i\u2019m 5,5 and with it at its highest height i\u2019ll have absolutely no problem picking up the baby and foresee no issue on lower settings either.downside is it does take quite a bit of room but feels worth it for me.the only damage mine had was some teething marks but i ended up just putting that piece backwards facing away from baby and sanding it down a bit just in case. i\u2019m personally buying the car seat and crib mattress brand new, car seat because since i don\u2019t drive i need something easy to put in and out of cars as well as convertible for easy attachment to a stroller. mattress because i\u2019m finicky loldepending on if the crib is made of good material i\u2019d suggest getting a used one and having a screwdriver/allan key on hand for quick tightening if ever needed.sorry if a little all over, pregnancy brain has been killeralso car seats expire! i didn\u2019t know until i started looking into some myself, i think some places you even register them not sure tho! i have been browsing facebook marketplace as well for cribs. i am hoping to find a convertible crib. i think the recommendations for car seats are new bc you don\u2019t know if it\u2019s been in an accident or not. if you drive that\u2019s where i would focus resources over the crib. you don\u2019t need the crib right away if you use the bassinet first. my cousin is giving me her bassinet. i personally don\u2019t have issues with second hand items though. we are going with the ikea sniglar crib. as others have mentioned it's low cost, non-toxic and safe. i'd have considered second hand for the crib as long as it was unpainted (so many people talk about kids chewing on  their cribs). we are getting a nicer mattress. we have the snoop bassinet (we were lucky to get it handed down to us) for the first 4 months or so.  i definitely went all out in the car seat and would not buy used. i have my sister's crib. my nephew is now 10 and my niece 5. it's a quality convertible crib. my family already knows how to use it. the finish is beat up, but the price was right. my parents and i cleaned it and the mattress got some patches. we're not fancy people. i did get a new car seat, stroller, and pack n play. i didn't want expired safety gear or equipment i couldn't guarantee as clean or bed bug free. we have a convertible crib and love it! it's currently in the toddler configuration and goes to a full size. we purchased another convertible crib for #2. they happen to be davinci but honestly i think you're fine with any brand. we did make sure to get the conversion kits with the crib just in case we aren't able to later on. we never used a bassinet, we have room for a full sized crib in our room. not having to deal with transitioning to a crib when they outgrow a bassinet was wonderful, imo. we swaddled and then went to sleep sacks and baby was very comfortable. there will be sleep issues no matter what those first few months, it's all normal. we moved our son to his own run at 9.5 months. we will do something similar with #2. we decided to go with a mini crib. the one my mom got us most reviews said they\u2019re babies fit up until 2 years for some. we will be room sharing for the first year minimum until we move out of 1 bedroom apartment. possibly further. mini crib sounded perfect and transforms into a day bed i bought a davinci mini crib. personally i wouldn't. i don't actually know anyone who's converted their crib all the way to a full sized bed. sure, to a toddler bed, but the much cheaper, and still awesome, ikea cribs do that. and you don't know if you'll get a chewer, who will destroy the edges of the crib, and make you not want to convert it anyway. and often the converting kit has to be purchased separately too. once the kid is done with the toddler bed, it seems like many parents then realize that they want a smaller twin bed, so they have more room to play, bunk bed if they have more children, a fun bed (friend of mine got her son a car bed), and yes i do know some who did get a full sized bed for their kid, but this does seem to be a minority. i bought an ikea crib with the drawers on the bottom, which i really like. it converts to a toddler bed, and was way cheaper than those convertible cribs, and i honestly prefer the styling more. my kids aren't chewers, so it's in great shape. i've been really happy with my choice! we used the pack and play, then the crib, and will buy him a toddler bed once he is big enough because we plan on having another baby who will use the crib. so i guess it depends on your family planning? im in nyc too and ordered the nestig crib! ive heard nothing but great things and it converts from a mini crib, to full size, and then toddler bed for $600. it includes the mini mattress and they send you all the conversion kits, no need to buy separately! i think it depends. our daughter\u2019s crib is a 3 in 1, but since we are having a second baby we are thinking we\u2019ll just get her a twin bed and use the crib with the baby. the convertible crib also requires us purchasing parts to convert it so it becomes even more expensive and didn\u2019t seem worth it - plus it\u2019s a full size bed and i don\u2019t feel like our small kids need a full size bed. she hasn\u2019t done a ton of damage to it, but there are definitely some spots she sunk her teeth into and i don\u2019t think i\u2019d want her to have to use that bed as she gets older. i feel like it\u2019s cheaper to get a decent crib and use it as a toddler bed and then just buy another bed for them when they\u2019re older. we got a convertible crib that will never be converted beyond a crib. we didn't realize that the pieces to convert it to a toddler bed, and then a double bed, (the conversion kits) are sold separately. we were unable to find the conversion kit to make our crib into a toddler bed. it wasn't available anywhere, so we just bought a twin sized bed for our toddler. we opted to get a non-convertible crib. we\u2019re hoping to have a second kid sooner than later, so we\u2019d have to buy another bed or crib either way. will either go with the floor bed route or buy a cheap toddler bed and put hypothetical baby #2 in existing crib.eta: the conversion pieces are hella expensive, and it may be cheaper to just buy another bed/crib for second kiddo i specifically didn't want a long-term bed, because at some point, our baby will be a kid with opinions and probably want to have input on her room. i get that a bed is a bed, and kids can be told \"no.\" but my sister and i picked our beds out when we were kids, and it's still such a good memory.    we went with the good ol' snigglar, and we're planning on using it through the toddler bed size as intended. if we move or something changes, though, and we put our kid in a twin or full while she's still small, we're okay with that, too! it's a perk of only spending $200 on the crib and mattress!     edit: a typo we got a 3 in 1. we used it as a crib and toddler bed then had another baby and bought the oldest a twin bed and are currently using the crib for new baby. likely turn it to a toddler bed in the next 6 months. after 2 babies, i'm not sure it's worth it to turn it into the twin bed. ours actually requires us to order a couple extra parts online to fully convert it. for us, it'll be easier to just buy a twin bed and go from there. canada here, our 3 in 1 was probably around 300? maybe 350? i can't quite remember as it was almost 6 years ago. as for sturdy and stable i'd say it holds up pretty well. but over time screws have gotten lost, bite marks pop up. i'd rather just buy him a nice \"big boy\" bed. i have a convertible crib for my oldest. it goes from crib to toddler bed to full size bed. initially i couldn't understand why someone would want anything else, but as others have said you may have to buy conversion kits, larger mattresses, etc, which can all be a headache. and then there's the question of space. if we put a full size bed in little man's room, that will take up nearly all the floor space, and then where will he play? i'm torn. we inherited a convertible crib for our daughter who is due in december. i'm planning to use that through the toddler stage, and then switch to a twin size daybed as a space saver. my kids slept in the crib from a very young age (6 weeks), we never used bassinet or pack n play much. full honesty: i don\u2019t even know if our cribs are convertible. we never converted them. my kids happily slept in the crib both until over 3yo. they\u2019re weird i guess, they never tried to climb out. so at that age, they were then plenty big enough for a twin mattress floor bed. it\u2019s been amazing, imo. we switched them at such a \u201clate\u201d age there was absolutely no disruption by switching them. baby number 3 due any day now, definitely planning to do the same. borrowed bassinet and second hand crib is what i did. no regrets spent about 6-700 on our cribs 10+ years ago, no regrets. we went the \"forever furniture\" route and they converted to really nice full beds that they still use today and for the foreseeable future. to each their own but it worked well for us and they still look great. purely for style i\u2019d assume. we bought a good quality convertible crib (crib to toddler bed to full size) and have been using it 6.5 years now. i think it will probably last my son until he moves out for college (with mattress replacement as needed of course). i want to say it was around $200 for the crib. i can\u2019t imagine spending thousands of dollars when there are so many nice normal priced options. if a person wants a $500+ crib and can afford it they should do it. why not? we could afford it and it matched the nursery. it\u2019s the look mainly. stylish high end furniture is more expensive.personally i am very willing to shell out on high end furniture that is going to last me forever but a baby crib is just not in that category. the kid will absolutely chew on it, it will probably get poop, pee, or vomit (or all three!) on it at some point, and it\u2019s timeline is not that long. you\u2019re looking at 2-3 years as a crib and maybe another 1-2 as a toddler bed.you can get almost all baby gear very lightly used for next to nothing and then resell it when you are done. i bought a lightly used, very nice crib for $50 (new $400), am using it with both kids, and expect to resell it at the end for what i paid. oh, and i highly recommend getting the snoo bassinet and doing the same thing. that thing is gold for little baby sleep and if you buy used and resell as soon as you are done (only 6 months) it ends up costing you nothing or near nothing.bouncer, swing, carrier, travel crib, jumperoo, stroller\u2026 all great stuff you use for a very short period of time. set search alerts for the things you want, nab them used and resell when you are done. you can use all the nicest high end stuff this way and it doesn\u2019t cost you. rebuy as needed for a second kid and then you are not stuck storing it either. the babyletto went with the style of our nursery and i had the money for it \ud83e\udd37\ud83c\udffb\u200d\u2640\ufe0f two and a half years later, he\u2019s still comfortably sleeping in it. i mean let\u2019s me honest, there\u2019s many things that people spend $500 on that you could get something that works just as well and fits your needs for half the price or less. i suggest not worrying about what other people are wasting their money on because on parenting you\u2019ll probably find several things a week you think others are wasting their money on. and some of them will think the things you prioritize are pointless or a rip off. i stole my parenting motto from amy pohler: \u201cgood for you. not for me.\u201d our babyletto crib is now a preschooler bed and will get passed along to baby brother, eventually. i liked its aesthetics and how easy it was to adjust. the green guard certification was a plus for me as well. there were less expensive cribs, but i didn't really like them. because they have the money and want to. stop pocket watching unfortunately i don't have an opinion on what crib you should get. we ended up with an ikea crib and it seems fine but we haven't used it yet. i thought i'd offer up something to think about with the vintage crib. even if it was up to code, it's 30 years old. things degrade. it would be fine if it were a coffee table or even a chair but with a crib, you don't want to run the risk of the thing coming apart from age. even if it seems sturdy, wood dries out and cracks, varnish wears off, etc. i'd highly recommend getting a new one.  if the dropside crib makes you nervous now it\u2019s probably going to make you even more so if you actually use it. so i would recommend getting one you can feel comfortable using. in my experience though, most babies don\u2019t use a crib until 6months or after. my baby sleeps in a pack n play at night and a bouncer or rock n play during the day. i have really short arms so i can\u2019t even reach down into a crib properly anyway so i didn\u2019t bother buying one, and my baby seems to enjoy his pack n play just fine. we have the davinci kalani and it's definitely very solid. looking back i might have done a little more shopping in store to see if i could save money for a similarly made product, but i have no complaints whatsoever regarding the craftsmanship. we did look at ikea cribs and did not feel that they were as well made. we used an ikea crib and i love it!  affordable, solid wood, and converts to a toddler bed.  my son just moved out of it at 2 and baby #2 will re-use it. we have the kalani mini and i like it.  it's a little wobbly after 5 years but has done the job and i just keep tightening it.if you convert your drop side to a stationary side, you know it hasn't been painted or varnished with lead (very unlikely given the age), the crib itself is generally sturdy, the rails are less than a coke can apart, and the mattress fits snugly, then that meets current crib safety standards. but obviously if you are going to feel better getting a new crib, then get a new one.  the whole point of the crib is it's a safe place for your baby to sleep, which means you can get some sleep too.  but if you are going to toss and turn worrying about your baby, then what is the point?edit - here is a link from the aap parenting website about how to assess your crib for safety.  https://www.healthychildren.org/english/ages-stages/prenatal/decisions-to-make/pages/choosing-a-crib.aspx ikea is pretty much the only thing i would use now. other cribs seem ridiculously overpriced. ikea ones are reasonable, reliable and safe plus you can convert them to bedside ones. what's not to like??the only thing i'd point out is that us cribs look massive to me so the ikea one might be smaller than you expect. check the standard sizes, probably. we have the davinci and i love it! my 2.5 year old is still in it and it turns into a toddler bed after.  we are using an 11 year old drop-sided crib that was a hand me down. hubs plans to affix it so it is stationary before baby ever sleeps in it (probably 2 months in, since she will be in our room for a while).  thank you for all the feedback. i\u2019ve decided against using the drop side and i can repurpose it as a decorative piece. i\u2019m glad so many people like the davinci crib, but now i need to start thinking about the ikea cribs!  seeking additional moderators, please check out this mod post on [new weekly threads and moderation interest form](https://www.reddit.com/r/babybumpscanada/comments/vb2evd/new_weekly_threads_and_moderation_interest_form/).*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/babybumpscanada) if you have any questions or concerns.* their cribs are nice but not worth the price in my opinion. any new crib in canada will conform to safety standards so it comes down to your preferences. but cribs really don't have resale value so you can get a really nice used one if that's what you want and just buy a new mattress. to put it in perspective, i have a friend trying to sell her natart crib and not getting bites at $150 for crib, double bed conversion kit, and organic mattress. i\u2019m voting not worth it. canada has strict safety standards for cribs so the difference between a $100 crib and a $1000 crib is basically aesthetics, and some of the really cheap cribs aren\u2019t convertible (but you can definitely get a convertible crib for under $500). ikea\u2019s sniglar crib is around $100, sturdy and made of solid beech, and doesn\u2019t even have paint (although any newly purchased painted crib would use non-toxic paint). the only difference between the sniglar and the natart are aesthetics and that the sniglar does not convert past a toddler bed, oh and it\u2019s $900 cheaper. there are plenty of cheaper cribs and they\u2019re all perfectly safe, just buy new. also-going to tell you now that young babies are horrible sleepers and your baby will more than likely sleep way less often in the crib than you think. i splurged on a nice crib mattress for my 12 week old and he\u2019s slept in it like 3 times. he\u2019s been sleeping in his bassinet or on my body. i recommended you save on the crib and splurge on a nice baby carrier, because your baby is going to cling to you like a koala to a eucalyptus tree. we have one from nest juvenile (made by natart). it's certainly durable and beautiful. in our case i don't know if we'd buy it again, as our baby turned out to absolutely hate sleeping in any kind of bassinet or crib and we are still bedsharing at 18 months. though i'm hopeful we'll use it soon as a toddler bed and then later as a double bed. one thing to think about in terms of passing down the crib is that depending on the age gap, if the older child is using a convertible crib as a toddler bed or regular bed, you'll have to buy a whole new crib for the second child anyway. are you planning on passing it down? hey everyone today i'm sharing with you my top five picks for the best baby cribs of 2023. i've done extensive research and testing to make sure that each of these options can meet the needs of different types of buyers so whether you're looking for something that fits your budget has great performance or is suited for a specific purpose i've got you covered for more information on the products i've included check out the links in the description box below these links are updated to ensure you get the best prices available and don't forget to subscribe for the latest updates let's get started [music] 5. babaletta origami mini portable crib folding with wheels in white introducing the origami mini the perfect mini crib for modern families this petite crib is perfect for urban living or alternative care spaces as it is both lightweight and durable with an all wood slat construction the origami mini is easy to move around due to its role in feet and folding mechanism allowing for easy storage it is also safe for your baby with a non-toxic painting and staining process that exceeds asthma international and u.s safety standards it can be used until your baby is 35 tall or starting to climb and features a low profile design with two adjustable mattress positions for newborns the origami mini is made from sustainably sourced pine wood from new zealand and its mattress support is scott compliant engineered wood it is also green guard gold certified meaning has undergone rigorous scientific testing for over 10 000 chemical emissions and vox its flat strength is 135 elves and its front rail to 4 height is 36 with interior crib measurements of 37 all x24w 4. delta children canton four in one convertible crib the canon 4 in one crib from delta children is the perfect combination of style and functionality its sleek sleigh style headboard and beautifully curved legs make it a timeless piece that is sure to become a focal point in your home versatility is key with this crib as it transforms into a multi-positional crib toddler bed david and full-size bed with headboard creating a warm and inviting atmosphere for your little one the canned crib is constructed from solid hardwoods with a non-dropside design for ultimate safety certified and has gone through rigorous testing to ensure your baby's safety for years to come the three position mattress support allows your little one to sleep in comfort and it fits standard size crib mattresses sold separately assembly is required but tools are included matches perfectly with the canton dresser and espresso sold separately online 3. gamergy kalani four in one convertible crib the kalani four in one crib is the perfect choice for parents looking for a safe versatile and eco-friendly sleeping space for their little one this greenberg gold certified crib is constructed from 100 natural solid new zealand pinewood providing a sturdy gentle curve sleep heaven for your baby with four adjustable mattress positions and the ability to convert to a toddler bed day bed and full-size bed the kalani crib has been one of the highest rated and best-selling cribs for over 10 years designated at greenguard gold certified product the kalani crib has been scientifically tested for over 10 000 chemical emissions and vlogs creating a healthier environment for your baby is sleep play and grow it's non-toxic multi-step painting process and lead and fifthylate safe construction ensures your baby is safe and sound while they sleep 2. babaletta lolly three in one convertible crib experience the joy of the lolly three-in-one convertible crib this convenient crib comes with an included conversion kit allowing you to transition it easily from a crib to a toddler bed to a david plus it's made with sustainable new zealand pine wood and his green guard gold certified meaning it has undergone rigorous scientific testing to ensure it is free of over 10 000 chemical emissions and vox this means you can rest assured knowing your baby is safe and sound in the wally in addition to its practicality the lolly is also stylish the cheerful design is enhanced by the natural beauty of the pine wood and complemented by playful accents and contrast styling plus you can complete your modern nursery with a lolly three drawer or six drawer dresser your baby's safety is a top priority of hours which is why we make sure the lolly meets or exceeds all asthma international and usc safety standards it's finished with a non-toxic multi-step painting and staining process that is lead and fellate safe one bablet of hudson three-in-one convertible crib the hudson three-in-one crib is the perfect combination of modern design and mid-century inspiration crafted from sustainable pine wood this crib is green guard gold certified and tested for over ten thousand chemical emissions and vox is finished in a non-toxic multi-step painting and staining process that is lead and fifthylate safe so you can rest assured that your baby will be safe and secure the crib features an included conversion kit to easily change it to a toddler bed and a daybed its iconic turned out foot rounded spindle design and open silhouette create a versatile look that can be complemented by the hudson three drawer or six drawer dresser with four adjustable mattress positions and a low profile design it's easy to lay down your newborn and get them to sleep its hidden hardware ensures a clean look with no visible screws or bolts seen on the furniture exterior and its slat strength is 135 elves with a front rail to 4 height of 35. thanks for watching be sure to like comment and subscribe for more awesome content until next time take care and stay safe "

----------

"please enable js and disable any ad blocker. like this site? help us to make it better. this article contains links to retailers. purchases made after clicking on those links may help support road.cc\n      by earning us a commission but all of our reviews are fully independent.\n      find out more about road.cc buyer's guides. the topic of the best road bikes used to be a relatively simple one; but where once round, steel tubes dominated and most road bikes were made purely for racing and fast riding on the road, there's now there\u2019s a huge variety\u00a0to suit every budget and every need. off the top of our slightly sweaty post-ride heads, on road.cc\u00a0alone there\u2019s the best endurance road bikes, best aero road bikes, best sportive bikes, best carbon road bikes\u2026 the list is endless! the bad news is that inflation has seen road bike prices rise over the past couple of years.. but the good news is that they\u2019ll still save you huge money over an automobile, are better for the planet and will improve your health. the road bike market is a confusing one, with frame materials, geometry and components all influencing road\u00a0bike design. whereas the endurance road bikes might have a more relaxed geometry for many comfortable miles in the saddle, the best aero road bikes will have a greater focus on cutting drag and boosting speed by using aero tubing, and will often come with deeper wheels for more aero gains. you need to ask yourself many questions on your road bike\u00a0buying journey. the biggest one, of\u00a0course, is what\u2019s your budget? then it\u2019s questions like: what will i be using my road bike for? commuting, long sunday morning rides, the occasional shorter midweek sojourn with friends? is weight important? do you need disc brakes? is a\u00a0carbon frame a need or a must? we're under no illusions that crowning the\u00a0'best road bike' is pretty much impossible, because as we've explained already,\u00a0the road bike genre is a very broad one. if you're just dipping your toe into cycling,\u00a0then consider this guide as a useful introduction to road bikes with a wide selection of top picks from our bulging reviews archive, plus some handy advice under our selections. some might be wildly out of your price range, others you may not like the look of... but whatever you're after, we're hoping there should be something here for you. then, if\u00a0your budget is, say, around three grand but you want to see a wider selection, you can refine your search and\u00a0check out our guide to the best road bikes under \u00a33,000. capiche? check out our choices and hopefully, the perfect road bike for you is amongst\u00a0them! the ultimate has been designed as a race bike and, if you have the legs, canyon\u2019s absolutely correct \u2013 this is one fast bike. upon this carbon beauty, you can sprint, climb and descend swiftly and with style. the test model came in at 7.27kg but if that\u2019s not light enough for you, an even higher-spec model comes in at 6.8kg. but what of the spec of the ultimate cf slx 8 di2? well, as you can tell from the title, it\u2019s equipped with shimano\u2019s electronic groupset, this time in the form of its 12-speed ultegra. it works wonderfully and you\u2019d have to be a real shifting pedant to look to upgrade to the more expensive and ever-so slightly lighter dura-ace di2. wheels come in the form of dt swiss\u2019 arc 1400s and they complement the bike nicely, though they will suit rolling roads a little more than properly hilly routes. the 50mm depth can be nudged slightly by sidewinds, but these are one of the easiest wheels to get along with in gusty conditions. mounted onto these wheels are schwalbe pro one skin tyres that perform well. rocketing bike prices mean canyon isn\u2019t the value-packed brand it once was. but with the ultimate cf slx 8 di2, that doesn\u2019t matter. it\u2019s comparable price-wise with its contemporaries (or better than) and it delivers a fantastic ride, one that\u2019s fast and comfortable. if you have the money, you can\u2019t go wrong. french retailer\u00a0decathlon has\u00a0forged a reputation for fine-value sports gear, but this is next level. at \u00a3300 (\u00a350 more than when we reviewed the older\u00a0b'twin-branded\u00a0version, but still a right bargain)\u00a0the triban rc100, from\u00a0decathlon\u2019s own triban brand,\u00a0is cheaper than some shoes we\u2019ve tested. and that price doesn\u2019t come totally at the expense of ride quality, as this is one comfortable and smooth bike that also comes in a women\u2019s option. the aluminium alloy frame and entry-level components mean it\u2019s a relatively weighty number (11.61kg), with much of that extra bulk down to the steel forks and rudimentary wheels. but, perhaps surprisingly, it doesn\u2019t feel sluggish. it\u2019s a comfortable ride, helped by the 32mm tyres, which have a bit of knobbly tread on the sidewalls, so are ideal for hardpacked towpaths and bridleways. handling\u2019s good and it\u2019s plenty stable enough through corners and when descending. the drivetrain\u2019s a bit of a mish mash but it all works. the seven-speed shimano gear shifter is operated by your thumb. shifting across the range is fine albeit a little clunky. the calliper brakes do a solid job, especially in the dry. overall, this is a good package for very little money. as prices continue to rise, boardman has\u00a0done a sterling job to keep a bike of this quality and componentry under the \u00a31,000 mark. the slr 8.8 delivers a fine ride via a no-nonsense frame and fork with well-balanced handling to suit beginners or those who want to exploit its all-weather capabilities. the triple-butted 6061 alloy frame and slender tube profiles serve up a tasty ride, transferring power proficiently without feeling harsh. the slr 8.8 primarily uses a shimano tiagra groupset that\u2019s based around a 10-speed system. however, the chainset is fsa vero compact, while the brakes switch to tektro. it\u2019s a cornucopia of components but it does the job. boardman\u2019s-branded slr rims are laced to formula dc-20 (front) and dc-22 (rear) hubs and are a solid set of wheels. they\u2019re not light but they are dependable. vittoria\u2019s rubino g2.0 28mm tyres are great for high-mileage riders who aren\u2019t obsessed by top speed. grip levels are reassuring, especially in the wet. at \u00a3850, this bike is an absolute bargain. we described the price of the top-of-the-range s-works tarmac from specialized as \"eye-watering\" when we reviewed it with the previous generation of shimano's dura-ace; and after a couple of years of inflation, supply chain issues and the addition of the all new 12-speed shimano\u00a0dura-ace 9200, that price tag is now considerably higher! what do you get for your 13-14 grand? specialized' highest grade fact 12r carbon fibre, full internal cable routing for a super clean look and superior aerodynamics and lightweight combined. when it launched the new tarmac caused a stir by being aerodynamically optimised and\u00a0bang on the uci's 6.8kg minimum bike weight limit. this led to the \"one bike to rule them all\" moniker, and if you are after one race bike that will handle sprints as well as climbs, the tarmac sl7\u00a0would be our choice. if your pockets aren't quite so deep there are trickle-down versions with less expensive groupsets and wheels, albeit for a slight weight penalty over this top-end model. if you want the best\u00a0of the best, though, this bike should be high up your wishlist. at around the \u00a31,000\u00a0price point, the scultura 300 goes to show you don\u2019t need to remortgage your home to buy a new bike. it\u2019s a capable and comfortable performance road bike that\u2019ll give you many hours and miles of joy. okay, it\u2019s not the lightest out there, hitting the scales at 9.26kg when we reviewed the 2020 model,\u00a0but that doesn\u2019t hold the 300 back on anything but the steepest of climbs. it handles nicely, making this a strong contender for your first road bike or a quality upgrade from bikes at around the \u00a3500 mark. it's constructed from tripled-butted 6066 grade aluminium alloy, which flows into a carbon fork that dampens down vibrations from turbulent uk terrain nicely. the finishing kit\u2019s mainly merida\u2019s own brand including the comp sl wheels. they\u2019re solid and durable but do add weight, so you might want to treat yourself to some sprightlier hoops come the summer. maxxis supply the tyres. this is one of the only let-downs as they\u2019re not the most supple and mute the ride somewhat. another upgrade would help here. still, despite those minor tweaks, there\u2019s a lot to love about the merida scultura 300. it\u2019s comfortable, stiff and will cope with the worst of the uk weather. if you want a bit more stopping power, there's also a hydraulic disc brake version, but you'll pay a little more. one of the few bikes to receive a 10/10 score from road.cc and a road.cc recommends bike of the year winner, the fairlight\u00a0strael 3.0 is even better than the versions before it and wowed our reviewer with its stunning ride quality, genius design and versatility. it takes everything brilliant from its predecessor but includes some updates that not only improve the ride quality but also give the strael an even smoother, more refined look. the forming and butting of the chainstays\u00a0on this model have been reshaped to work better with forces in all directions, and this results in a very stiff bike that responds almost as well as a carbon superbike. it's comfortable and well-balanced too, meaning this bike is at home in races, on sportives or even the commute if you're after a luxury mile-munching bike. the attention to detail on the strael 3.0 is second to none, and with so many mounts for extra gear, it can be anything you want it to be. the price we've quoted is for a build with shimano's ultegra groupset at the time of writing. the frameset currently starts at \u00a31,399, and you can completely customise your build with fairlight when ordering. mason's definition pushes the boundaries of what you think an aluminium frameset\u00a0can be, and in terms of looks, ride quality and craftsmanship, it equals and even surpasses many carbon fibre bikes. receiving high praise for many years on road.cc, our reviewer described the current version built with\u00a0campagnolo's chorus groupset as \"a jack of all trades, yet amazingly a master of all.\" as an all-round road bike it's one of the best out there full stop, not just among aluminium bikes, and the\u00a0ride quality and geometry work\u00a0both at speed or when cruising along \u2013 and that's whether you're crossing town, the county, or even the country. the build quality and finish are flawless too thanks to mason's skilled italian makers, putting many alloy bikes with their fugly welds in the shade. in the chorus build our test bike weighed 8.6kg, and all the cables and wires are\u00a0run internally using mason's multiport system. the build quality and paint finish is impeccable, and as we've already mentioned, the ride sublime. the price we've quoted is for the build with the chorus groupset and mason x\u00a0hunt 4season wheels, though you can pay between \u00a33,045-\u00a36,045 in numerous different builds. incredibly, the ventus is classed as van nicholas\u2019 entry-level option, but the way it performs is anything but. in short, it\u2019s great fun to ride, as well as looking rather beautiful to boot. it\u2019s designed for speed, whether that\u2019s racing or lively group riding. much of that lively attribute comes down to the geometry, which is rather aggressive compared to many modern bikes. it sends you into a good aero position that helps you to capitalise on the titanium frame that maximises every pedal stroke. van nicholas give you the option of configuring your ventus to suit your needs and budget. our test model came equipped with shimano 105 groupset with hydraulic disc brakes, both of which do a fine job. shimano also provide the wheels in the form of their wh-rs171 model.\u00a0 stiffness is good and they\u2019ll take plenty of abuse. continental\u2019s grand sport race tyres are decent performers, too. if you\u2019re looking for some titanium in your life, the ventus is a compelling way to dip your toes in. the scott addict 10 is a well-priced endurance bike that delivers a high-performance ride. in fact, it\u2019s one of the firmest rides of an endurance bike that we know of, but stops short of feeling harsh. overall, it\u2019s as close to a full-on race bike that the majority of us need. the carbon-fibre frame is shown off in all its glory thanks to the lack of any external cables, hoses or wires. it looks slick and adds an aerodynamic edge. scott utilises its evo-lap technology to maximise the lay-up of the carbon fibres and it seems to work, striking a good balance between stiffness and comfort. the addict 10 comes with sram\u2019s entry-level wireless electronic-shifting 12-speed rival axs groupset. we\u2019ve used this groupset several times before and it\u2019s always impressed. you also have enough gears to cope with the steepest of climbs. sram\u2019s hydraulic brakes scrub speed in a nice controlled manner and instil you with confidence. scott\u2019s component brand, syncros, supplies much of the finishing kit including the rp2.0 disc wheels. if you\u2019re looking for all-out speed, look to a deep-rim model, but these perform well in\u00a0 terms of acceleration and climbing. the impressive tyre clearance means it comes with 32mm\u00a0 tyres as standard. they\u2019re schwalbe ones that roll and grip well. if you\u2019re after a smooth-handling endurance bike with a racy edge and plenty of stiffness, this could be the bike for you. the moda finale is the company\u2019s flagship road bike, and it\u2019s certainly a looker with its aero tubing, deep red paint job and fully concealed cable routing. performance is a greater focus than comfort but that doesn\u2019t mean it\u2019s uncomfortable. let\u2019s just say it\u2019s firm, which is to be expected of many aero bikes. the frame and fork\u2019s built from uni-directional carbon. it\u2019s beautifully finished and certainly gives the aura of a high-quality product with a claimed frame weight of 1,090g and 410g for the fork. it\u2019s a clean look with internal cable routing throughout. moda offers a selection of builds, using various shimano electronic and mechanical groupsets, plus there are upgrades possible on wheelsets, handlebars and stems. our test model came equipped with shimano\u2019s 12-speed 105 di2 electronic groupset, which is incredibly impressive and virtually matches the performance of the higher-tier ultegra. the wheels are mavic aksium discs. at 1,800g they\u2019re not the lightest but they are robust and reliable. our test bike came shod with continental ultra sport tyres in a 28mm width. they\u2019re good all-rounders offering decent levels of grip and rolling resistance. the finale not only looks the business but has the ride quality, handling and stiffness to match. this is a proper aero bike that will simply make you smile. the\u00a0\u00e9monda\u00a0is trek's all-round race bike offering, and the higher end models are used by pros on the uci world tour. in this build it's solid with great\u00a0handling, has a stiff platform for performance and a comfortable riding position. it's also clean with no visible cabling. our reviewer described the ride as firm but balanced, and the makeover it had in 2021 has transformed it from a purely lightweight climbing machine to a bike with some aerodynamic credentials, making it more of an all-rounder. we couldn't fault the ride, finding it firm but not too harsh,\u00a0and it looks great too with large tube junctions that flow smoothly, while the chunky down tube gives a hint at just how stiff the \u00e9monda is. at 9kg it's not exactly light, and the finishing kit isn't absolutely top-of-the-range at this price point; but this is a bike that will tackle any kind of topography or race and excel. the frameset is great and it can be upgraded over time\u00a0too. the kinesis r2 is\u00a0a no-nonsense aluminium road bike that accommodates fairly large tyres and comes with eyelets for fitting mudguards and a rack, so it\u2019s a good choice as an all-rounder for typical uk conditions. it\u2019s made from 6061 alloy, which is stiff enough when you put the power down; in fact, it\u2019s really rather quick and not sluggish at all. the groupset is shimano\u2019s 10-speed tiagra. yes, it\u2019s not 11-speed, which some might expect at this price point, but you really don\u2019t miss that extra cassette on uk roads. hydraulic braking is superb and reliable. the wheels are alex draw 1.9p tubeless-compatible rims and novatec hubs with decent sealed bearings, laced together by 28 three-cross spokes. they\u2019re not glitzy but, fitting with the character of the bike as a whole, they\u2019re strong and practical and should prove durable. as for the tyres, continental grand sport races are solid enough performers, although you could enjoy a livelier feel with an upgrade down the line. the r2 is quick, sure, but it\u2019s also designed to be functional and easy to live with, and you\u2019ll really appreciate that in the long term. the 2022 specialized allez sprint disc is a very fast aluminium road bike that handles superbly. specialized has used its d\u2019alusio smart weld technology to make the alloy tubes stronger and lighter. it\u2019s certainly had an impact on the scales, though the whole package still comes in at 8.7kg. that\u2019s noticeable on the hills compared to carbon bikes at this price point but fine on the flats. the only disappointment with those tubes is the welding, which\u00a0is a touch too noticeable for our liking on a bike that price-wise, is\u00a0in smooth carbon-bike territory. the geometry\u2019s evolved over previous editions and is a much more stable road racer than the twitchy model of the past. shimano\u2019s 105 r7020 model takes care of drivetrain duties and performs brilliantly, delivering solid, seamless shifting alongside excellent stopping and control from the hydraulic brakes. dt swiss\u2019s r470 wheels are good \u2013 they\u2019re tubeless ready and have a decently wide 21mm internal rim width \u2013 but a bike of this swift character is crying out for a set of deep-rim wheels. specialized\u2019s own turbo power tyres is fast while offering good levels of grip in all conditions. the allez sprint is a fast bike with excellent handling but might suffer from its strong carbon competition at this price point. as you can see from our pick of the best road bikes, you can bag yourself a new road-going steed for as little as \u00a3300. however, at the other end of the fiscal spectrum, the sky is the limit really, and an\u00a0all-singing, all-dancing option\u00a0can cost upwards of \u00a310,000. as with anything, paying more won't guarantee you better performance but can often result\u00a0in a lighter build and higher quality components (wheels, gears and brakes). as you spend more, be wary of diminishing gains. whilst the difference between a \u00a3300 bike and a \u00a31,000 bike will feel significant, don't expect to experience the same performance benefit between, say, a \u00a33,000 and \u00a310,000 bike. it's also worth remembering that if this is going to be your first road bike, or you're returning to the sport after a significant time off, then you\u2019ll probably also need to budget enough to buy the best cycling helmet for your money plus other bits of clothing and accessories. as we've previously mentioned, there's a vast array of styles of road bikes to suit a plethora of riders and roads. you can start by staring into\u00a0the mirror and (whilst being very honest with yourself) try to understand what your priorities are as a cyclist. are\u00a0you looking to become an out-and-out racer and\u00a0the next tadej pogacar? if so then how mountainous are the roads where you live/will be riding, sprinters and speed freaks will want to check out the\u00a0best aero road bikes on the market whilst those looking to conquer cols might prefer one of the\u00a0best\u00a0lightweight road bikes. many of us, however, simply don't put in enough hours\u00a0on the bike to benefit from the super aggressive position and twitchy/fast handling of machines designed for out-and-out racing. one of the best\u00a0endurance road bikes is what the vast majority of us should be riding thanks to their more stable handling characteristics and more relaxed geometry such as a higher front end which will most likely result in greater comfort on long rides such as sportives. endurance road bikes often also feature wider tyre clearances making them more versatile machines and again boosting comfort on the uk's notoriously dodgy road surfaces. if you\u2019re planning to ride solely on the road, then it\u2019s a no-brainer \u2013 go for a road bike, they're by far the most efficient way of cycling, meaning that you can travel further with less effort thanks to aerodynamics and low rolling resistance. then again, if your main journey\u2019s from home to the office, you might be better off choosing a commuting bike for your needs. this could be a hybrid (usually with flat bars and chunkier tyres), a\u00a0folding bike for easy carrying and storage, or\u00a0an electric bike for some pedalling assistance so you arrive at the office less sweaty. road bikes are also fine for commuting though,\u00a0and offer the advantage of being perfect for longer rides if you fancy riding beyond your commute; at the weekend, for example. you may have also seen the rise in the popularity of gravel bikes, and as the name suggests these are steeds that can also be taken off-road thanks to a more upright/relaxed position, wider gearing and wider tyre clearances. if on-road speed isn't a priority and you fancy venturing... onto the beaten track, then one of these might be a better bet. you can, of course, keep a set of road wheels to put on it too for extra speed on the tarmac. as a reminder, a groupset, or gruppo, is the collection of parts that make up a bicycle\u2019s drivetrain. the components include the shifters, crankset, bottom bracket, front and rear derailleurs, chain and cassette. it can often also include brakes, whether these be hydraulic disc brakes, mechanical disc brakes or rim brakes. often, the increase in a bike\u2019s price as you go through a brand\u2019s range is heavily down to the quality of the groupset. in many cases, the frame is in fact exactly the same! at the top end, you\u2019ll find 12-speed groupsets, such as shimano dura-ace r9200, sram red etap axs and campagnolo super record eps, all of which feature electronic options. electronic gearing has been a thing for quite a while now, and as such has trickled down into lower groupsets from the big players such as sram rival etap axs and shimano 105 di2. at the entry level, you'll tend to find groupsets that\u00a0are weightier, feature fewer gears and with more clunky gear actuation. it\u2019ll also definitely be a mechanical groupset, but if your budget allows and you're running disc brakes then we do recommend opting for hydraulic rather than mechanical in this area. shimano claris\u00a0r2400 is a good example of one of our favourite entry-level groupsets, and it\u00a0features eight\u00a0gears at the back. for reference, shimano, sram and campagnolo are the three major road-bike groupset manufacturers. you can read more about them in our\u00a0shimano groupset,\u00a0sram groupset\u00a0and campagnolo groupset guides. well, beyond groupsets, which we've mentioned above, the biggest upgrade that you can make is purchasing a set of\u00a0the best road bike wheels. swapping out the\u00a0wheelset can drop a huge amount of weight as often the stock wheels that bikes come with are, well, not the best! if you're after performance then you might want to consider carbon wheels, which can also feature\u00a0deeper\u00a0rims for an aerodynamic boost. other popular upgrades include saddles, as they're a very personal choice and can vastly improve comfort on the bike by picking the perfect one for you (you can check out our best cycling\u00a0saddle buyer's guide to see some of your options). there are also some relatively inexpensive upgrades that you can make which can still have a big effect on your riding enjoyment. changing your tyres or even going for plusher\u00a0bar tape, to give two examples,\u00a0can boost confidence, grip and speed. we\u2019ve noticed you\u2019re using an ad blocker. if you like road.cc, but you don\u2019t like ads, please consider subscribing to the site to support us directly. as a subscriber you can read road.cc ad-free, from as little as \u00a31.99. if you don\u2019t want to subscribe, please turn your ad blocker off. the revenue from adverts helps to fund our site. if you\u2019ve enjoyed this article, then please consider subscribing to road.cc from as little as \u00a31.99. our mission is to bring you all the news that\u2019s relevant to you as a cyclist, independent reviews, impartial buying advice and more. your subscription will help us to do more. editorial, general: info [at] road.cc\ntech, reviews: tech [at] road.cc\nfantasy cycling: game [at] road.cc\nadvertising, commercial: sales [at] road.cc\nview our media pack. report an advert on road.cc. all material \u00a9\u00a0farrelly\u00a0atkinson (f-at) limited, unit 7b green park station ba11jb. tel 01225 588855. \u00a9 2008\u2013present unless otherwise stated. terms and conditions of use. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. our pick of the best road bikes we've tested at cycling weekly as well as our buying advice telling you what to look for in a drop bar bike. if you're looking for the best road bikes, there are more and more options available at every price point. road bike prices have seen a lot of inflation over the last few years and the top end models now often retail for over $10,000 / \u00a310,000. we've divided this guide up into bikes priced at under $2,000 / \u00a32,000, those priced under $5,000 / \u00a35,000 and money no object options. but if you find those price tags hard to swallow, check out our guide to the best cheap road bikes which we've ridden. the road bike sector is more nuanced than it's ever been, with frame materials, aero features, wheel construction and tyre width all offering loads of choice. the rise of the gravel bike offers a machine that you can ride on the road but that you can also take on tracks and trails, giving you more choice in where you ride. fortunately we've tested hundreds of road bikes at cycling weekly, enabling us to better help you navigate an increasingly busy and competitive marketplace, and ultimately find the road bike of your dreams. here are our picks of the best road bikes at a variety of different price points. you can trust cycling weekly. \n\n\nour team of experts put in hard miles testing cycling tech and will always share honest, unbiased advice to help you choose. find out more about how we test. the allez is a competitive budget option. specialized\u2019s budget road bike has a lightweight frame and all-carbon fork, with cables routed internally. the geometry was designed using specialized's huge bike fit database, for a fairly upright ride position and a fit that's comfortable for many riders. there's room for mudguards and a rack, so we reckon it has the versatility to serve duty as either a first road bike, a winter bike or even a bike for commuting. the axis sport wheels are on the heavy side though and the tektro rim brakes aren\u2019t the most effective, but nevertheless the ride quality and sporty feel are up there with much pricier bikes. the weight does hold you back a bit on the climbs though, despite the range down to less than 1:1 offered by the shimano claris 8-speed groupset, which shares a lot of the ergonomics of shimano's top spec dura-ace. that range spread over eight speeds does result in some quite large jumps between gear ratios though. a wheelset upgrade would significantly improve performance, while the bike would also benefit from an upgrade as well. but all in all it's an impressive package for the price, making the allez very competitive against the other best cheap road bikes we've reviewed. read more: specialized allez full review. boardman gives you a carbon frame at a budget price. for \u00a31,100 the boardman slr 8.9 delivers a lot of bike for the money. you get an aero carbon frame and forks that have been wind tunnel tested, as well as shimano's reliable 11-speed 105 groupset (albeit with a fsa crankset). the result is a bike that's lighter than its rivals. on test our size small weighed 8.75kg. the ride is exceptional; responsive with just enough compliance. it's also a frame that's worthy of a few upgrades over time, making the slr 8.9 a bike that can grow with you. the bike is available in men's and women's variants, with the difference being in the contact points fitted to the same frame. in all but the wettest conditions, the rim brakes work well and they're a worth trade-off on a bike at this price that boasts a carbon aero frame. read more: boardman slr 8.9 full review. the giant contend sl1 offers wide range gearing and added comfort features. sharing features of giant\u2019s more expensive bikes, the contend has a compact alloy frame with a sloping top tube. the d-fuse seatpost and carbon fork are designed to add compliance at the rear and the front end respectively. along with the endurance frame geometry this gives great comfort and handling, letting you ride for longer and inspiring confidence. there\u2019s bags of low gearing, down to 1:1, to tackle uphills and shimano 105 gives you quality shifting, although the rather heavy weight doesn\u2019t make for sprightly performance. it's a good value proposition for its price though. read more: giant contend full review. decathlon's van rysel ultra cf packs in a lot of value. decathlon\u2019s in-house van rysel brand offers great value in the shimano 105-equipped ultra cf. you get a carbon frameset with aero flourishes and decent alloy wheels that give stable handling and good braking from the in-series rim brakes - it's one of the few bikes that still uses rim stoppers, although decathlon is progressively equipping its range with disc brakes. it\u2019s not particularly light, although a wheel upgrade would definitely up performance and lower weight. the ultra cf is available with a range of groupset options from both shimano and campagnolo, so you can pick a spec to match your budget and there are men's and women's versions. read more: van rysel ultra cf full review. the caad13 shows cannondale's alloy frame mastery. cannondale has long been a master of performance alloy frames and the caad13 follows in that vein. it's got long and low geometry based on that of the pro-level carbon supersix, with aero tube profiles leading to handling which is second to none. priced low enough to be a first bike it's a frame that you won't outgrow. at this price point, you get a shimano 105 hydraulic groupset with a rs510 crank set. the wheels have had a slight upgrade, so you're now getting dt swiss r470 rims with the formula hubs.\u00a0the only thing that we found fault with was the rather high front end stack. it's easy to rectify but means you'll have to have your head tube cut down to avoid an ugly stack of spacers above the stem. read more: cannondale caad13 disc full review. the liv lagma advanced pro 1 is a quality women's-specific option. the liv langma advanced pro 1 disc has recently received significant upgrades. the women-specific, race-ready frameset now has a stiffer front end thanks to the upgraded sl fork. there's also room for 32mm tyres making it pretty future proof too as tyres continue to get wider. incredibly for a bike costing under \u00a34,000, you also get a power meter courtesy of the giant powerpro crankset. as for the ride, it's stiff yet compliant and the liv both climbs and descends with confidence. on test our gripes were minor: big jumps between gears thanks to the 11-30 cassette and rims that lacked some depth. however, both of these are subjective. read more: liv langma advanced pro 1 disc full review. the emonda arl offers light weight and performance. the sub-8kg (17.6lbs) weight is impressive for an aluminium disc brake bike at this price, better than many carbon bikes, while trek\u2019s invisible weld technology makes for smooth welds that look like carbon too. the bike rides more like a carbon bike than alloy as well. the lightweight emonda gives you great braking from its shimano 105 disc brake groupset and plenty of comfort, thanks to its 28mm tyres, carbon seatpost and comfort-oriented ride position. it's available in a really wide range of sizes, from 47cm all the way up to 64cm. there are some great colours too. read more: trek emonda alr 5 full review. ribble offers a lot of value and the option to customise the spec of its endurance bike. as a direct to consumer brand ribble is able to deliver great value for money. the endurance sl r disc is the perfect example of this, with our red etap axs-equipped model costing just a little over \u00a36,500. however, as with all ribble framesets you can use its bike builder to create the machine of your dreams - and, importantly, your budget. the endurance sl r disc is a great all-rounder, benefiting from a few aero tweaks and an integrated cockpit while still being agile and compliant. on test it proved to be quick but still capable of delivering all-day comfort. the only downside, perhaps, is the weight when compared to some of its rivals. read more: ribble endurance sl r disc full review. the pearson hammerandtongs is a fast, comfortable endurance bike. coming from the oldest bike shop in the world - established in 1860 - the pearson hammerandtongs is nevertheless an endurance bike that's bang up to date, with an aero frame design and plenty of tyre clearance for 32mm wide tyres and more. as with most endurance bikes, the front end is a little higher than you'll find on racier models, but otherwise the geometry is designed for fast riding, with a short wheelbase and steep seat tube angle. we liked the front end integration and the narrow aero carbon bars. the hammerandtongs was a fast ride too, although we found the wheelset a little twitchy in a strongish crosswind. it's an impressive performance from a small bike brand. read more: pearson hammerandtongs full review. the merida scultura team gives you a pro-level aero, lightweight ride. the merida scultura team road bike has seen a few updates recently. now in it's fifth generation it's adopted some aerodynamic properties from the brand's reacto aero bike, including boxy tubing, dropped seatstays and a fully integrated cockpit. the result, merida claims, is a few watts saved. however, this being a high-end all-rounder it's perfectly comfortable too, with tyre clearance now at 30mm. and as a bike that began life as a climbing machine it's still lightweight - in fact it's a little lighter than the previous model by just under 50 grams. on test we found it to be a fun ride. with the benefits of both an aero bike and a lightweight climbing bike it balances speed and agility to create a bike that's responsive and assured. the new dura-ace is worthy of mention too, with improved braking to go alongside the reliability and performance you'd expect from this top-tier electronic groupset. read more: merida scultura team full review. the cerv\u00e9lo r5 disc has great high speed handling. the r5 is cerv\u00e9lo's race-ready climbing bike. in fact it's the bike that helped primoz roglic to his third straight vuelta title in 2021. as you'd expect then it's lightweight and climbs like a dream. but it also offers a supreme balance of stiffness and compliance, making it quick, agile yet perfectly comfortable too. for a bike that's built to go uphill, it descends incredibly well, providing plenty of confidence at speed. the r5 comes in a number of high-end build options including those featuring shimano and sram's top-tier electronic groupsets, dura-ace di2 and red etap axs respectively. read more: cerv\u00e9lo r5 disc full review. despite the aggressive looks, the systemsix is a comfortable aero bike. cannondale\u2019s aero race bike gives you top-notch aero features and aggressive looks. it\u2019s still comfortable enough for the usual mixed bag of road surfaces though. that\u2019s in part due to the extra-wide knot 64 aero carbon wheels, which increase tyre width of the 23mm tyres fitted up to 26mm. as for the tyres, the bike comes fitted with vittoria rubino pro in a 25mm width and an upgrade should help add a little more plushness to the ride. at 7.6kg (16.8lbs), the systemsix is adequately light, although not class-leading. read more: cannondale systemsix carbon ultegra di2 full review. the new scott foil is lighter and more aero but also more comfortable. completely updated in mid-2022, the latest generation scott foil rc is now lighter and more aero, but scott has also increased the bike's comfort, with features including a seatpost with a large section shaved from its rear and a 25mm/28mm tyre mix. the new tube profiles are deeper than the predecessor foil, but scott has preserved the previous bike's geometry. scott claims to have shaved over a minute off the 40km time at 40kph. read more: scott foil ultimate rc review. the colnago c68 continues the brand's line of hand built lugged carbon bikes. the colnago c-series bikes are a classic, with lugged carbon fibre construction and hand made in italy in a wide range of sizes and geometries. the lugs are no longer on show in the latest c68 though, but integrated into the frame tubes. the c68 shares its frame geometry with the v4rs race bike ridden by uae team emirates, although it's not as aero and the lugged construction makes the frame a tad heavier at a claimed 925g. there's clearance for 30mm tyres and a t47 bottom bracket. we rated the ride superb: smooth yet zesty and with poise and balance. the c68 springs up hills and descends wonderfully. at 7.3kg decked out with shimano dura-ace, it's still a match for any brand's superbike. read more: colnago c68 full review. the tarmac sl7 is a pro-level race machine with grand tour wins to its credentials. adding aero credentials to its race-ready design and with feedback from the pros, the latest tarmac sl7 is stiffer, more stable and more aero than its predecessor - and 45 seconds quicker over 40km at 50kph. it's also been stiffened up at the rear to satisfy the pros. specialized\u2019s new integrated bar and hidden cable routing aren\u2019t too difficult to work with and there\u2019s more tyre clearance - up to 32mm. it's super-light too, bettering the uci weight limit by 200g. we rode the top spec model, but the tarmac sl7 range starts with the comp for under half the price of the dura-ace build. it's built with a lower spec carbon used for the frame and kitted out with a sram rival etap axs groupset. read more: specialized tarmac sl7 full review. trek still sells its older madone model alongside the latest gen 7 bike with its radical seat tube design. the latest generation 7 trek madone slr turns heads with its radical design with the split isospeed seatpost. trek claims that it's 20 watts faster than the sixth generation bike. we haven't yet tested the new madone, but have been consistently impressed by its predecessor, which is still on sale alongside the new model. our tests showed that the older madone is one of the most aerodynamic bikes available. trek\u2019s in-built isospeed suspension system is tuneable and makes the previous generation madone surprisingly comfortable, despite its chunky looks. we tested the most expensive etap version of the slr 9 but it's also available with shimano's top of the line electronic dura-ace di2 groupset, for around \u00a31000 less. there's also the slr 7 range, which shares many similarities but at a slightly lower price point. read more: trek madone slr 9 (old model) full review. at just 6kg / 13lb the aethos majors on low weight. specialized's aethos made quite the splash on first launch. credited with being the lightest production road frame available it's a bike designed less for racing and more for pure enjoyment. on test we found this to be the case (opens in new tab). it offers a quality of ride that's hard to beat; not the stiffest or the most aero but rather a blend of properties that make it suited to all-day comfort while still being incredibly agile. of course, you could race on this bike, as kasper asgreen did during a stage in the 2021 tdf. it's numbers are pretty similar to the tarmac after all. but this really is bike that excels on long rides over varied terrain. it climbs and descends like a dream and is plenty quick on the flat stuff too. its versatility is strengthened by specialized's desire to make the aethos somewhat more traditional when compared with its out-and-out race bikes. here you have a threaded bottom bracket, as well as a classic looking cockpit, without the full cable integration that saves a few watts but makes swapping out parts or fitting new cables a bit of a bind. the only downside to the s-works aethos is its price tag. the version equipped with shimano dura-ace di2 retails as \u00a312,500, while the same bike with sram red etap axs will set you back a mere \u00a312,000. if you're taken with the aethos' classic good looks but don't have \u00a312k to spare it is offered in a number of other builds. while still very expensive the aethos comp (opens in new tab), for example, hits a lower price point while delivering a ride quality not too dissimilar to its pricey relative. read more: specialized s-works aethos full review. a key decision when choosing the best road bike for you is what you plan to do with it. are you looking to go fast or race, or are you after a more comfortable bike for leisurely rides or long days in the saddle? geometry is the key factor here. a full-on race bike will put you in a more bent-over riding position, with your head and shoulders lower down over the handlebar. that\u2019s great when you have a need for speed, reducing your frontal profile to lower your wind resistance but can be uncomfortable, particularly for a beginner. on the other hand, bikes labelled \u201cendurance\u201d or \u201csportive\u201d will be designed for a more upright riding position, with the bars higher and closer to the saddle. that delivers greater comfort on longer rides, but may make you a bit slower. if you\u2019re riding on hilly roads, or planning a trip abroad to the alps for example, you\u2019ll certainly appreciate a lightweight bike. however, if you're going to spend your time riding fast on flatter terrain then aerodynamics are probably more important to you. and if you\u2019re looking to race, the stiffer, more edgy handling of a race bike will work better than the more stable handling of an endurance machine. an increasing number of bikes are designed to take you off the tarmac as well as letting you ride efficiently on road. a gravel bike will give you wide tyres and lower gears. but many endurance or 'all-road' bikes now offer plenty of tyre clearance as well as an expansive gear range, letting you take in a wider variety of routes. you also need to look at how much you want to spend on a bike. that\u2019s not just the initial outlay, but the cost of replacing worn or damaged parts, the cost of servicing your bike and the cost of any upgrades. there\u2019s a big difference in price between lower spec mechanical parts and top of the range electronic gearing. a bike's specs will vary a lot between manufacturers. in particular, prices will be lower at direct only brands (such as canyon and ribble) and in-house brands (vitus at wiggle or boardman at halfords). but to give you an idea, here's a look at common specifications at various investment levels. in the interest of brevity, some bandings are wide and therefore you would expect variation within them. \u00a3750 - \u00a3999 / $1000 - $1500. an aluminium frame and carbon fork, aluminium seatpost and handlebar/stem, shifting at shimano sora or claris level, aluminium wheels. rim brakes. \u00a31000 - \u00a31499 / $1500 - $2200. either an aluminium frame and carbon fork at around shimano 105 level, or a carbon frame and fork with shifting at shimano tiagra level. aluminium wheels, seatpost and handlebar/stem. disc or rim brakes. we would advise choosing rim brakes or cable-actuated disc brakes. \u00a31500 - \u00a32499 / $2200 - $3500. carbon frame and fork with shimano 105 (lower end of budget) or ultegra (higher end) aluminium rims, carbon seatpost, aluminium handlebars and stem. disc brakes should be hydraulic from this price point. \u00a32500 - \u00a33999 / $3500 - $5600. carbon frame and fork, shimano ultegra or sram rival axs etap (hydraulic if disc), carbon seatpost, aluminium bar/stem, aluminium rims. \u00a34000 - \u00a35999 / $5600 - $8500. carbon frame and fork, shimano ultegra di2 or sram rival / force axs etap (hydraulic if disc) with aluminium wheels, or shimano ultegra with carbon wheels 30mm+, carbon seatpost, aluminium bars and stem. \u00a36000 - \u00a37999 / $8500 - $11,000. carbon frame and fork, shimano ultegra di2 or sram force axs etap, carbon wheels 30mm+, carbon seatpost, carbon handlebar. \u00a38000 - \u00a39999 / $11,000 - $14,000. carbon frame and fork, carbon wheels of 50mm+, shimano dura-ace di2 or sram red axs etap. accept nothing but the best of everything. top of the range carbon frame and fork - usually utilising stiffer carbon and therefore fewer layers resulting in lower weight, carbon wheels of 50mm+, shimano dura-ace di2 or sram red axs etap, power meter as standard. a major difference between cheaper and more expensive bikes is their frame material. bikes costing under \u00a31000 are typically made of aluminium alloy, with the tubes welded together. it\u2019s a material used in more expensive bikes too and can result in a strong, lightweight machine. but pricier bikes are usually made of carbon fibre. the fibres give the bike strength and are embedded in a synthetic resin to hold them together. the mix of fibres used and their lay-up determine the bike\u2019s ride feel and more expensive bikes will use more high modulus carbon fibre, which lowers the weight without reducing the bike\u2019s strength. titanium is another material used in some more expensive bikes. it\u2019s lightweight, strong and doesn\u2019t rust or fatigue. and you can still find bikes made of steel tubing, which was the traditional framebuilding material. it\u2019s not quite as light as other choices, but robust and gives a distinctive ride feel. you should also look at what the bike\u2019s fork is made of. many bikes will have an all-carbon fork or one with carbon fork blades and an alloy steerer. this tends to absorb road bumps well for a more comfortable ride, but you can find alloy or steel forks on some lower priced bikes. it\u2019s important to get the right size bike. most bikes come in a range of sizes to fit your stature and bike makers will usually publish a rider\u2019s height range which a bike of a specific size will fit. you should feel comfortable seated on your bike and be able to put both feet flat on the ground when standing over the crossbar, without it touching you. you\u2019ll usually find more detailed frame dimensions listed too, which give you more details of how your bike will fit you. the most important are reach and stack, although they\u2019re a bit complex to interpret. in general, the higher the stack number (usually shown in cm or mm) the more upright your riding position will be. if you enjoy a 'taller' riding position then look for a more generous stack height. equally, a shorter reach will put you closer to the bars, thus in a more upright position. for the most part, race bikes will feature a lower stack height than endurance models. to make sure that your bike is set up correctly and to avoid the risk of injury from incorrect fit, it\u2019s well worth getting a professional bike fit. a bike fit will cost some money, although sometimes a bike shop will offer one at a discount or free when you buy a bike, but will ensure that your saddle and bars are optimally placed for efficient riding. consider a good fit an investment. bike makers push their bikes\u2019 aero credentials, especially on more expensive machines, with claims of wind tunnel testing and time saved. time was, an aero frameset was significantly heavier than one with the traditional round tubes, but the best aero bikes can now be as light as a non-aero one. on the other hand, around 80% of the wind resistance comes from a rider, not the bike and those time savings are typically when riding at around 45kph/28mph. since wind resistance increases as the cube of speed, if you\u2019re riding at half that, you\u2019ll have an eighth of the drag, so all those aero features won\u2019t make a lot of difference. after the frame, gears are the most important thing to consider when choosing a road bike. today many top end road bikes will come fitted with 12-speed cassettes. when paired with a double chainring this means you'll have 24 gears. remember however that some of these gear ratios will be duplicated in certain chainring/cassette combinations. more affordable road bikes tend to come with fewer gears. these cassette options should range from 8-speed to 10-speed, again most often paired with a double chainset. as for groupset brands, shimano gearing is the most common, but the other major options are sram and campagnolo. shimano\u2019s top end groupsets, dura-ace, ultegra and 105 have an 12 and 11-speed cassettes, while less expensive bikes may come with 10-speed tiagra, 9-speed sora or 8-speed claris. when choosing a new road bike it's important that you think about the gears it comes equipped with. fortunately if you've already matched your potential bike to the kind of riding you plan on doing, there's a good chance that the gear choice will also be well-suited. an out-and-out race bike may come with a more traditional gearing set-up, for example 53/39 tooth chainset paired with an 11-28 tooth cassette. however road bikes that fall into the endurance or sportive categories are likely to have a compact chainset, most likely a 50/34, and a cassette that will have 30, 32, 34 or even 36 teeth as the largest option. the lower gears will help you to both tackle steep hills with more ease and generally pedal with a higher cadence. however, this can mean larger gaps between gear ratios. there are other options out there too. sram, for example, now offers its etap axs groupsets with 48/35, 46/33 and 43/30t chainsets. paired with its cassettes starting at 10 teeth, these give similar highest gear ratios to traditional gearing starting at 11 teeth, but greater low-end gear range for easier climbing and less need to shift between chainrings on undulating roads. electronic shifting is now a mainstream option on higher spec bikes. while the majority of road groupsets are mechanical, using cables from the shift levers to change gears, there are a growing number of road bikes that now come fitted with electronic shifting, where a motor shifts the derailleurs between ratios. the main electronic systems are shimano di2, campagnolo eps and sram etap axs, which all offer 12 speeds. there are benefits and drawbacks of both mechanical and electronic options. mechanical components, such as mechs and levers, are generally cheaper and lighter than their electronic counterparts. they are also, for the most part, easier to fix when something goes wrong. electronic gears benefit from reliable shifting. there's no cable tension at play here. if you've suffered a hand injury, the ease of changing gear with the press of a button could be appealing. electronic gearing can be personalised through an app, allowing you, for example, to shift multiple gears seamlessly. however, all this tech doesn't come cheap and complete road bikes fitted with electronic gears will be more expensive. disc brakes are taking over on road bikes and many high end machines are now disc brake only, although other bikes offer you the option to choose disc or rim brakes. there aren\u2019t many pricier models now that only offer rim brakes. that\u2019s because disc brakes give you more consistent stopping, whatever the weather conditions, better modulation and greater overall stopping power. on the flip side, they\u2019re heavier than rim brakes. most disc brake bikes use hydraulic calipers, although you can find mechanical disc brakes, usually on cheaper machines. discs are creeping down the price range, but several of the most affordable bikes still come with rim brakes. disc brakes are a feature of the majority of new road bikes. road bike wheels are typically 700c size, although the smaller 650b size can be found on some smaller frames. regardless of size, both are available as carbon or alloy options. carbon fibre rims are used on most of the best road bike wheelsets. these rims lower weight and are often deeper, to improve aerodynamics over a shallow wheel. in fact carbon can be produced in a far greater range of shapes, allowing manufacturers to create wheels optimised for a varied range of riding styles. alloy rims are generally cheaper and will feature on many complete road bikes. they are usually heavier than their carbon counterparts although lightweight alloy options are available. wheels are a component where bike makers often look to economise, so a budget wheelset may feature even on an expensive bike. it\u2019s worth considering whether you\u2019ll need to upgrade them to get the best out of your new bike. wider tyres let you reduce tyre pressure, increasing comfort and grip. there was a time when tyre options for road bikes were limited by the frames they were fitted to. a 23mm tyre was commonplace. if you were lucky you might be able to squeeze a 25mm into your frame. however, today road bikes now come with increasingly wide tyres. a 25mm width is now the minimum and even race bikes often have 28mm tyres, while endurance machines may go to 32mm or even more. with wider tyres it's possible to run a lower tyre pressure for more comfort and added grip. wider tyres can mean heavier tyres and slower acceleration, though this can also depend on their casing and tread pattern. in essence, you want to best match the tyre to the riding you want to do. it's also worth checking out the clearance offered by a frame before you buy the bike. it might be that it comes specced with a 25 or 28mm tyre but actually has clearance for something wider. wheels and tyres are increasingly tubeless-ready too. this means that you can add sealant and dispense with the inner tubes, reducing the risk of punctures and upping grip and ride comfort even more. paul started writing for cycling weekly in 2015, covering cycling tech, new bikes and product testing. since then, he\u2019s reviewed hundreds of bikes and thousands of other pieces of cycling equipment for the magazine and the cycling weekly website. he\u2019s been cycling for a lot longer than that though and his travels by bike have taken him all around europe and to california. he\u2019s been riding gravel since before gravel bikes existed too, riding a cyclocross bike through the chilterns and along the south downs. sportive rider and cancellara-beater ian beard shows us around his memorabilia-filled cabin. by david bradford\n\u2022\n\npublished 16 april 23. some of the world's most talented engineers work to make four-wheeled machines lighter, faster and more powerful. and sometimes, those boffins turn their focus to machines with two wheels. by tim stevens\n\u2022\n\npublished 14 april 23. cycling weekly is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher.  visit our corporate site.\n\u00a9\nfuture publishing limited quay house, the ambury,\nbath\nba1 1ua. all rights reserved. england and wales company registration number 2008885. we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. why trust us? go fast, go long, go comfortably on these amazing bikes. we've ridden and evaluated more than 100 of the top road bikes in the past year\u2014everything from budget picks to fully customized carbon superbikes. we found inspiring road bikes for less than $1,000 and excellent disc brake-equipped bikes for about $1,500; something which was unheard of just a few years ago. chances are, since you're reading this online, you're likely looking to shop online as well. we've prioritized brands and retailers that will allow you to do that. if you have the budget, start your search with the specialized aethos \u2013 our 2021 bike of the year.  if you\u2019re looking for tested options, you can buy online or at a local bike shop, these 8 models, each a bicycling bike award winner, are the ones our expert testers most often recommend. check out our top picks below, then scroll deeper for buying advice and reviews of these bikes. our test team carefully chose these bikes based on their value, quality of parts (most of which have been tested separately), user reviews, our experience with the brand, and similar models. we try to update this piece frequently because we know that stock shortages are real and unpredictable. so if a model you like is out of stock, hang tight and we'll do our best to replace it with something similar that is available. any bike that's intended to spend all (or most) of its time on the road can be considered a road bike, so here you will find a wide variety of bikes; all generally meant for \"road\" riding. some will be light and fast bikes intended for racing or fast group riding, others veer into all-road adventure and mixed terrain exploring. we even threw in a few flat-bar options for riders seeking a bit more of an upright riding position. many high-end bikes now launch as disc brake-only platforms. both specialized and trek no longer even offer their range-topping models with rim brakes, and component manufacturers shimano and sram have essentially stopped making new rim brake options. cycling is now far enough along in disc brake technology that many of the woes of first-generation disc-brake road bikes\u2014additional weight, poor brake feel, aerodynamic penalties, noise\u2014are a thing of the past. that means, for the most part, you get the benefits of disc brakes\u2013better control, more consistent performance, better performance in adverse conditions, fewer brake-heat-induced rim, tube, and tire problems\u2013without drawbacks. you can find everything you need to know about disc brakes here. rim brake fans can still find some options. brands such as canyon and colnago still offer limited rim brake models, and campagnolo has shown little interest in abandoning their rim brake groupsets. but the writing is on the wall, and it will likely only get harder to find a new bike with rim brakes for purchase going forward, especially at premium price points. want to learn how to best use your brakes? check out our expert guide. until recently, rim brakes limited many road bikes tires to a maximum of 28mm width. that's because most modern road bikes did not use medium or long-reach brakes, but rather a lighter and stiffer short-reach brake. by using disc brakes, that pinch point is removed, and we're seeing tire clearance of more than 32mm on even the most race-oriented road bikes, such as the cervelo r5, with many disc brake road bikes able to fit tires of more than 34mm. wide tires offer benefits such as increased comfort, better traction, and often improve rolling efficiency. in some cases, they're safer, allowing you to roll through potholes and over gravel patches rather than dart around them. that's what big tires can do. but are wide tires slower? read about it here! the most common materials used to make modern road bikes are carbon fiber composite and aluminum alloy (sometimes just called \"alloy,\" which can be confusing because the titaniums and steels used for bike frames are also alloys). if you prefer something less common, you can also find bikes made of steel, titanium, hardwood, bamboo, and magnesium. while all the materials have their own intrinsic qualities, any material can ride very well or very poorly, be very strong or very fragile, depending on how it is used by the manufacturer. don't buy into myths like \"all carbon frames are weak\" or \"all aluminum frames ride harshly.\". you will find that almost all bikes over $2,000 will be made of carbon fiber. this material is exceptionally strong, stiff, light, and tunable. more than any other material, carbon allows frame engineers to micro-tune areas of a frame with specific attributes. carbon is also more shapeable\u2013with fewer drawbacks when dramatically shaped\u2013than any other material. while a good fitter should be able to make almost any bike fit you properly, it can be helpful to get a professional fit before you invest in a new road bike. knowing your fit details can help you narrow down the list of bikes to those that will fit you best. if you're lucky enough to be comfortable in a long and low position, race-oriented bikes will fit you well and are typically designed to steer properly with more weight on the front wheel. if your fit is more upright, an endurance-style bike, with a longer head tube, will allow the handlebar to be properly positioned without a skyscraper of spacers (which can be unsafe). endurance bikes are usually designed to handle properly with less weight (compared to a race bike) on the front wheel. many road bikes we review have a crank with two chainrings (also called 2x), and 11 or 12 rear cogs (11 or 12 speeds). but there are other drivetrain configurations. when the price of a road bike dips below $1,300, that's when the number of rear cogs begin to reduce. the first step would be 2x10, and with lower priced road bikes you will see 2x9, then 2x8. with fewer speeds, the ratio jump between each gear is larger, which makes shifting feel clunkier and creates more dramatic cadence changes. on higher priced bikes, campagnolo, sram, and shimano all have 12 gears on their groupsets. though, due to the limited availability of shimano's new groupsets, most shimano bikes you'll find right now will likely still have 11-speed drivetrains. another drivetrain you might find is called 1x (pronounced one-by). popularized by sram, this drivetrain is more often found on gravel and cyclocross bikes, but there are a few road bikes that utilize a 1x drivetrain. this system does not use a front shifter or derailleur and can offer the same total range as a 2x system;  but 1x systems do have larger jumps between gears. 1x's advantages are simplicity, chain security, and aerodynamics. want to learn how to better shift gears? or more about electronic shifting?  - check out our guide on better shifting here and if you're considering switching to electronic shifting read everything you need to know here. in the sub $1000 dollar price range, you should expect bikes with either rim or mechanical disc brakes. the number of gears will often be ten or fewer, which will likely not be something you notice if much of your riding is on flat or rolling terrain. riders looking to do lots of steep or long climbs will notice the limited gear range and increased weight of bikes at this price. the closer you are to the $2,000 mark, the more likely it is that you'll get a bike with a modern 11-speed drivetrain with either a single or double chainring. frame material will most likely still be alloy but it will be higher quality and will likely be paired with a full-carbon fork bringing the overall weight of the bike down by a few pounds. you'll also see more hydraulic disc brakes at this price which is a big upgrade in stopping power and ease of use over mechanical disc brakes. road racing bikes at this price range will typically drop below 20 lbs, while adventure or touring bikes will offer a wider gear range. either way, climbing will be a bit easier with most bikes in this range over the sub $1000 bikes. in the $3,000 to $5,000 range, frames get upgraded to carbon fiber, and weights will start to drop even further. electronic shifting begins to show up along with upgraded wheelsets and lighter components such as bars, stems, and seatposts. because the bikes are several pounds lighter, they will feel snappier, especially when going uphill. above $5,000 is when you'll typically start seeing carbon wheelsets as a stock option. combined with top tier groupsets from shimano or sram and bikes in this price range are going to be exceptionally good. it's hard to beat the value and versatility triban packs into the rc120. with a carbon fork, 28c tires,  plus a wide range 2x microshift drivetrain, the rc120 has the versatility to be the ideal road bike for many riders. its ability to fit fenders and a rear rack make it a great candidate for riders interested in commuting by bike or trying some light touring in addition to more traditional road riding. a great looking road bike for less than $700? state cycles is making it happen. sure, the 4130 road issues many modern components and features, but it looks great. plus, the steel frame and fork actually have a very nice ride quality, especially when compared to aluminum bikes in the same price range. for riders that are unsure of exactly the kind of road riding they want to do, the haanjo 2 is a great bike that comes in at under $1000. it uses an alloy frame with generous tire clearance, a dependable shimano claris drivetrain, and tubeless compatible wheels. it's a bike that is easily customizable to suit riders that want to dabble in both road and gravel riding. we are big fans of aluminum bikes. they're light, offer an engaging and efficient ride, and aluminum frames are often more durable than carbon. we loved the entry level diverge e5 for how versatile and fun to ride it was. you can read our in depth review of it here, but this bike performed much better then it's modest price point might suggest. some of my favorite race bikes have carried the caad moniker over the years, and the caad optimo 4 gets much of its geometry, design, and feel from pricier models. cannondale brings the price down by using shimano claris 8-speed parts. but riders looking for a bike to try racing or who simply want the sportiest ride for just a hair over $1,000 will love the caad optimo 4. we've ridden many iterations of state's popular and affordable all-road line. it's been a staff favorite because of its capability to tackle everything from single track to gravel and even bike packing or road riding. combining it with sram\u2019s rival axs groupset takes it to a new level. the new parts add wireless electronic shifting, a wide-range 12-speed drivetrain, and powerful and reliable hydraulic disc brakes. state has kept the price right at two thousand dollars making this the cheapest option for riders looking to try electronic shifting in this roundup. however, riders looking for a lightweight and sporty feeling ride should look elsewhere; the average all-road bike weighs 26 lbs. the ruut al1 frame is as adventure-capable as it gets for drop-bar bikes.  with a plethora of frame mounting points, plus a flip-chip in the fork that allows you to tune the handling depending on if you're spending more time on the road or dirt. shimano's excellent grx 2x drivetrain completes the package with powerful brakes and a wide range of gears to tackle any adventure. if you're after a lightweight, reactive, high-end race bike but don't have upwards of $5,000 to spend, the giant tcr advanced pro 2 will be right up your alley. there's just one catch, it's rim brake. the good news is that rim brakes, while considered old-school by some, stop a bike just fine. they also result in a bike that's typically at least a pound or two lighter than a comparable disc brake model.  a win for riders not looking to upgrade to disc brakes. triban is the more endurance-focused brand of decathalon (which also makes the van rysel edr af 105 that we loved). it features a 2x11 shimano 105 drivetrain with tubeless compatible wheels and clearance for 36mm tires, making it a great option for riders looking for the features of a modern disc brake equipped road bike on a budget. the space horse is a bike that can take on many adventures. from road riding to commuting to weekend touring or bikepacking. it features a classically styled steel frame with roomy tire clearance and an abundance of mounting points for things like fenders, lights, and racks. the frame also features modern standards such as 12mm thru axles and flat mount disc brakes to make future upgrades or customization easy. the trek 520 is a classic touring bike with ultra-low gearing to let riders tackle mountain passes while carrying a full load strapped to the front and rear racks. to do that, the bike is equipped with a shimano alivio drivetrain, with a triple crankset that features a 26x36 tooth low gear as stock. it's a bike that's meant to go far and carry all the things you might need on your journey. the topstone is a great pick for an all-road bike that can handle trail and dirt road adventurers and pull double duty as a commuter. with 38mm tires and a partial shimano grx 2x10-speed drivetrain, it's perfectly suited to long rides over mixed terrain. the wide gear ratios are great for tackling all kinds of hills along the way. the rack and fender mounts add practicality for commuters or riders wanting to attempt multi-day trips. fezzari is a utah based direct to consumer brand that has consistently delivered great riding bikes at prices that are typically far lower than its competitors. the veyo is the brand's latest lightweight aero road bike. with a claimed frame weight of 860 grams, easy to work on cable integration, and aerodynamic shaping, there is a lot to like here for riders looking for a race oriented bike. the specialized tarmac is a very popular bike, and for good reason, it's absolutely brilliant. the problem is it's also pricey. for riders looking for a world beating modern disc brake road bike on a budget, the tarmac sl6 offers a lot of value. it's basically the top of the line tarmac from a few years ago, paired with wheels from dt-swiss and a shimano 105 disc brake groupset. making it perfect for riders looking for a thoroughly modern carbon disc brake road bike. the caledonia is a true all-arounder. it's a fast road bike with an aero design that merges the s-series and the aspero gravel bike, then adds hidden fender mounts. it's a bike that can tackle your local crit and then hit a few dirt roads on the way home. plus, it comes with sram's excellent rival etap axs groupset, which offers hydraulic disc brakes and precise electronic wireless shifting. the giant tcr is a no-nonsense race bike. the refined tcr carbon frame has been honed to help riders fight for race wins or personal records. the tcr is ready for racing right out of the box, with a wireless groupset from sram and tubeless compatible carbon wheels. you can read our in-depth review of the tcr here. the supersix evo cx is a versatile, go-anywhere bike for riders who want to explore trails, fire roads, and pavement. with clearance for 700x45 tires and a dependable sram force 1x drivetrain, it's kind of like the swiss army knife of bikes. tubeless compatible wheels and tires are an excellent value add for riders that want to run the stock vittoria terreno mix tires at suitably low pressures. you can read our in-depth review of the supersix evo cx here. cerv\u00e9lo\u2019s \u00e1spero is the bike for riders who want a plain, fast gravel bike. this bike forgoes many of the features that make some gravel bikes so versatile\u2014you\u2019re not going to slap cargo cages on the fork or mount fenders to the \u00e1spero. but, it does have good tire clearance (up to 700x42mm or 650x49mm) and a longer wheelbase, but overall, it\u2019s a clean carbon frame with some aero shaping (it is a cerv\u00e9lo, after all), a longer cockpit, and a quick-steering front end. it\u2019s an efficient-feeling bike\u2014it\u2019s responsive and very stiff at the bottom bracket, and, though not abusive, it transmits more feedback than many gravel bikes. the \u00e1spero feels like a fast and light road-racing bike, only with bigger tires. the aethos comp rival etap axs. it\u2019s about 62 percent cheaper than the top-of-the-line aethos, rides and handles just as well, and is even superior in some ways. cheap? no\u2014not even a little bit. but it\u2019s far from top-of-the-line money, and it\u2019s a lot of bike for the cash. true, this comp-level frame uses some different grades of carbon and isn\u2019t as light as the s-works frame. so instead of a 585-gram frame, it has a 699-gram frame. yes, that\u2019s heavier, but still far from heavy. in fact, 699 grams is one of the lightest production disc-brake frames in the world. and it still has 32mm tire clearance, common standards, and comes built with the same carbon seatpost and flyweight thru axles. plus, the comp frame has one feature the s-works frame does not: compatibility with mechanical-shifting drivetrains. you can read more about why we named the aethos comp our 2021 bike of the year here. raced all summer by the stars of cerv\u00e9lo sponsored jumbo-visma pro tour team, the long-awaited redesign to the r5 is finally ready for the world to ride. it was worth the wait. the r5 is not groundbreaking in its design, but it is a highly competent road racing and all-day ride machine. it won't make you into wout, marianne, or sepp overnight, but you will sure have fun trying. read our full review of the r5 here. test editor dan chabanov got his start in cycling as a new york city bike messenger but quickly found his way into road and cyclocross racing, competing in professional cyclocross races from 2009 to 2019 and winning a master\u2019s national championship title in 2018. prior to joining bicycling in 2021, dan worked as part of the race organization for the red hook crit, as a coach with endurancewerx, as well as a freelance writer and photographer. best fixies for racing or riding around town. 20 best electric bikes for every rider. tested: 4th generation cannondale supersix evo. the 10 best e-cargo bikes you can buy right now. the best bikes for women. tested: enve's melee road bike. trek\u2019s fuel exe is the best e-mountain bike of '23. yeti\u2019s sb120 is the best trail bike of 2023. the best commuter bikes for work and play. tested: liv intrigue x advanced e+ elite e-mtb. cerv\u00e9lo\u2019s world championship-winning r5-cx. a part of hearst digital media. gear-obsessed editors choose every product we review. we may earn commission if you buy from a link. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. publisher - road bike action. although we\u2019ve all seen it coming, and it\u2019s not really news, still, why has the huge push for aero suddenly seemed so front and center? as most of us have witnessed over the years, the bike industry has poured what seems like an endless stream of aero-optimized products into the market that\u2019ve promised both marginal and magnificent gains. everything from helmets, kits, shoes, bikes, wheels and even water bottles have all played a role in the sport\u2019s aero-palooza. and, what they all have in common is some level of alteration or compromise (versus non-aero parts) that is intended to obtain some mysterious aero advantage. sure, we can all get geared up in the latest aero-refined products and claim they feel faster, but for most recreational cyclists, it\u2019s almost impossible to really know if any combination of products is really offering any measurable advantage. as contemporary as the aero craze may seem, the battle against the wind has been around for as long as cyclists have found themselves caught out in the wind, as in since day one! in short, as much as the industry now obsesses over integrated aero handlebar shapes and kammtail frame tubes, cyclists have been searching for aero optimization for decades. interestingly, for every sensible aero idea that\u2019s come down the pike there\u2019s been an equal number of silly ones that were quickly cast aside. we still shudder thinking back to the days when a handful of big-name bike brands began mounting their rear brakes under the chainstays for some ill-conceived aero gain! thankfully, that fad was a short-lived one. \u201cwe still shudder thinking back to the days when a handful of big-name bike brands began mounting their rear brakes under the chainstays for some ill-conceived aero gain! thankfully, that fad was a short-lived one.\u201d. of course, as much as most recreational cyclists look favorably on being able to go faster in the wind, it\u2019s the products used by racers vying for faster times who\u2019ve always pushed consumer trends. think back to greg lemond snatching back eight seconds from laurent fignon to win the 1989 tour de france, thanks in large part to the wild-looking scott handlebars (designed by boone lennon) that exploded in sales after the race. and speaking of the influence of racers on the rest of us, one needn\u2019t look any further than the current pro peloton to find riders (and already some production bikes) opting for narrower-width handlebars for the sole purpose of decreasing the rider\u2019s frontal area no matter the impact on proper ergonomics or comfort. we still recall asking a specialized product manager at a tour de france time trial a few years ago why they hadn\u2019t made many changes to their tt bike over the previous year. the reply was simple: \u201cgoing fast is expensive!\u201d such were the days when the best way to verify speed gains was only by spending time in a wind tunnel, which is not cheap. while the big brands have the resources to play in the wind tunnel, for smaller brands it\u2019s never been economically feasible. however, starting around 2010 when the advances in computer-simulated technology evolved, many bike brands could now run thousands of aero tests without ever leaving their desks. not only did this significantly speed up the evolution of products, but it also lowered the price of development as companies no longer needed to produce an actual product to test it. \u201cgiven the uci regulations regarding frame shapes that have limited aero advances in the road world, it\u2019s been the triathletes (free from uci dictates) who\u2019ve provided the most advanced aero thinking and designs.\u201d. this led to what many would consider the fastest evolution in go-fast cycling products, as every component, frameset and accessory could now easily (and cheaply) be optimized to reduce drag. then we had a bit of an industry-wide pause in regard to aero as companies struggled to find ways to reduce drag numbers. brands like zipp, who have historically prioritized aero over everything, were stuck looking for other ways to manipulate the numbers. specialized, giant, cannondale and the rest of the bike brands found themselves in a similar situation and moved their focus to the growing world of gravel, leaving aero on the back burner but implementing as much of the wind-cheating knowledge across multiple disciplines. given the uci regulations regarding frame shapes that have limited aero advances in the road world, it\u2019s been the triathletes (free from uci dictates) who\u2019ve provided the most advanced aero thinking and designs. if there are two names that are most often associated with bringing tri-bike design theories to the road world, it would be steve hed and jim felt. as tri geeks themselves, starting in the late \u201980s,. they each began bridging the aero divide between the two venues (with wheels and frames respectively) with great commercial and racing success. the design and technology freedom afforded to triathletes was never more evident than this year when bmc, felt and giant/cadex each rolled out exotic tri bikes that took aero design and theory to a radical new level. and proving the worthiness of the effort was when kristian blummenfelt used his step-thru cadex tri frame to win the ironman world championships in st. george, utah. while gravel riding in and of itself isn\u2019t concerned with aero discussions, when it comes to winning gravel racing, we\u2019ve seen top riders just as convulsed with aero efficiency as any road racer. in fact, some have said that as gravel racing grew in popularity, it\u2019s also been a one reason that aero is making a comeback. whether you like gravel or not, the off-road side of things has helped push the evolution of many new aero-optimized products, theories and components that impact road-specific gear. disc brakes are probably the most notable change that helped unlock a new world of rim and frame design options. beyond introducing larger-volume tires to the masses, gravel has more importantly started the deep dive into the relationship between air volume, rolling resistance and real-world riding surfaces. it was then that many old-school rules on how to go fast got tossed out, and both companies and consumers alike began to realign\ntheir compasses. so, what is modern aero? modern interpretations of what\u2019s aero now looks beyond the bike itself, and now includes the rider, bike, components and gear as a total system. it puts less priority on maximizing a single aspect or component, and instead how they all work together. nathan schickel from sram said, \u201cproduct optimization has led to slower total systems.\u201d what he is saying is that if zipp makes the fastest and most optimized wheel on a computer but doesn\u2019t account for the tire, bike, road surface and everything else a rider might experience on the road, then it is not the fastest anymore. \u201cwhile gravel riding in and of itself isn\u2019t concerned with aero discussions, when it comes to winning gravel racing, we\u2019ve seen top riders just as convulsed with aero efficiency as any road racer.\u201d. this new standard for testing is important, because a typical road rider is 75\u201380 percent of the total system drag. when the bike and its components are optimized to work together with the rider, the results are far more significant. the fastest bike sitting alone in a wind tunnel might not even rate among the fastest bikes with a rider on the saddle, and without a rider, it\u2019s not going anywhere. looking back at the history of aero, we weren\u2019t completely wrong about the theories to limited testing technologies. a low and narrow riding position is fast, and even in modern racing you will see the riders at the front who are doing the heavy lifting who are optimizing their fit to reduce their physical drag. for professional-level racing there are a variety of design regulations, which has limited progress. for the rest of us, there are no such restrictions, and we are free to super tuck or run any combination of components or riding position for an advantage. there is no doubt that most cyclists are always looking for ways to improve their speed. from power to speed todistance and beyond, we all have ample opportunities to improve. while aero might seem like it could sit much lower on the list of priorities, it shouldn\u2019t. from what we have been told, every brand claims the aero advantage starts between 9\u201312 mph. it\u2019s hard to say where things will go but undoubtedly more refinements will continue to be made across all disciplines of cycling. with new mobile aero sensor technology, some wonder if cycling is going to be more like f1 racing with the ability to make in-the-moment changes to the ride. this, paired with live power data, live tire pressure data and advanced analytics technology, will be able to be delivered in real time and would add a new dimension to racing. this technology will also be more accessible so smaller brands can make big improvements without needing to head to a wind tunnel. the more interesting thing is how much of this technology is already available to us, the average rider. sure, too much data can take away from the simple enjoyment of pedaling and distract from the bigger picture of simply having fun on a bike. but, cyclists of every stripe should realize that there is room for both. currently, we are seeing brands looking at different ways to manipulate the air as it moves past the bike, components and rider (see trek\u2019s isoflow madone, page 48). other brands have reduced weight by refining frame tube shapes. everyone continues to also put a huge priority on optimizing the carbon layup in an effort to reduce weight, but, more important, leave more room for building in compliance, along with tube shapes that are slippery. the biggest and most evident aero adaptation is already here, with most bikes now running fully internal routing for brake lines and shift housing. let\u2019s also not forget that science (as popularized by gerard vroomen) has shown that losing the front derailleur and running a 1x drivetrain can also bring added aero benefits. with both his 3t and open brands, vroomen has also experimented with tubes that are specifically designed to pair with certain tire sizes and wheel depths as a system. and, if considering the aero detriment of a front derailleur seems odd, consider that even water-bottle placement has become part of the aero debate. \u201cwith new mobile aero sensor technology, some wonder if cycling is going to be more like f1 racing with the ability to make in-the-moment changes to the ride.\u201d. the most obvious adaptation of aero refinement will be the same thing that look cycles has done for years by designing component-specific bikes where the handlebars, stems and even cranks are optimized to work together, and specifically for that model frameset. while the \u201csystem\u201d approach can be a compromise in convenience and compatibility, it is one we think many brands will follow. at the end of the day, we can all be assured that the bike industry will continue to deliver products that claim to be faster than what came before. they might perform better under specific conditions, but we think the priority for improving as a system is going to lead to more significant changes. what would be really good to see is cycling computers that analyze your riding and help you refine your position and identify opportunities while you\u2019re riding. the one thing that we have learned is a sharp edge doesn\u2019t cut through the wind like we thought it once did. the 795 is the french brand\u2019s aero road bike, and the frame is 300 grams less than its predecessor. the frame will fit up to 30mm tires. the top-line bike runs a sram red axs drivetrain with corima wheels and sells for $11,000, but the blade family starts at $3250. a frameset option is also available for $4000. when it comes to top-flight racing bikes, bianchi has a stable of performers that includes the shapely oltre xr4. with a 12-speed shimano ultegra drivetrain, there\u2019s also a one-piece vision metron handlebar/stem and an italian wheel package of fulcrum hoops wrapped with pirelli rubber. bmc redesigned the timemachine to decrease air separation and keep air flowing across the back end of the frame and built in a storage module beneath the integrated bottle mounts. even the front brake rotor has its own wind-cheating fairing. by combining refined kammtail shaping for the frame tubes with the new slr handlebar/stem combo, trek claims a 19-watt energy savings or 60-seconds-per-hour faster than the previous generation (measured at 45 km/h). trek said that of those 19 watts saved, 9.3 watts come from the bike itself and 9.7 watts are derived from a position change of the rider thanks to the new handlebar/stem.there will be six madone models available ranging in price from $8000 to $13,200, and yes, unfortunately for anyone living in yesteryear, the bikes are dedicated to both electronic drivetrains and disc brakes. in fact, in another tip to modernity, the front derailleur can also be removed for anyone looking for the added aero benefit of running a 1x drivetrain. the aeroad has made huge strides with its shapely new design that cuts weight at an impressive consumer-direct price. sure, $9000 is a huge budget hit, but the aeroad starts at $3999. the impressive top-tier model hits the scale at a claimed 16 pounds. the new blue chinook g2 is constructed of toray t800 carbon and is available in a range of electronic and wireless groupsets from shimano and sram. the g2 frame has room for up to a 34mm tire, as well as an acr 1.5-inch head tube, providing full internal cable routing. a sram rival axs 12-speed build sells for $4800, while a chinook built with 12-speed shimano ultegra di2 lists for $6399. felt has been a leader in pushing the aero platform, and they\u2019ve upgraded their ar line with new wind-cheating features, and felt unveiled two models of the ar platform, ar advanced and the ar frd. prices start at $5549 for a complete bike, and the ar frd frameset will set you back $4999. orbea\u2019s orca aero continues the spanish brand\u2019s eye-catching legacy with a unique blend of an aesthetically pleasing and watt-saving design. we were drawn to the in-line aero water bottle and downtube storage container that doesn\u2019t disrupt the clean lines of the frame. our favorite tech features include clearance for 30mm tires and compliant ride characteristics. the rz7 is east coast builder bob parlee\u2019s flagship performance road model. colors are stunning with a new platinum metallic. the rz7 includes all-new parlee-designed carbon cages, an integrated out-in-front computer mount, as well as most models rolling on enve foundation wheels. scott engineers and designers are redefining what an aero bike can be, and claim a 1-minute, 18-second gain over 40 kilometers compared to the previous foil. with a focus on the bike, components and rider as a system. scott has a 30-percent reduction in the number of carbon pieces and joints used compared to\u00a0the previous foil rc\u00a0for an incredible sub-16-pound build. since its release in 2017, the strada had to overcome doubt from consumers concerned about the 1x gearing and disc-brake-focused wheel designs, but industry-wide evolution of such tech designs have only proven that the 3t was ahead of its time. for 1x skeptics, 3t now offers a 2x version as well. the 1x strada was designed to optimize a 13-speed drivetrain and now have it with campagnolo\u2019s ekar drivetrain. blending time-trial design cues and oversized tubes, cipollini\u2019s ad.one is as shapely as the former world champ mario himself. handmade in italy, the flagship model features campagnolo super record eps, but six models are available, and you can customize your build through the mycipo frame personalization tool. get real time updates directly on you device, subscribe now. the challenge and charm of an irish bike trip back in time. vuelta a espana 2022 stage 20 results. throwback thursday, 2015: alex dowsett breaks the hour\u2026. tom pidcock shows off insane descending skills. watch 2023 tour down under prologue highlights. bike of the week: fezzari veyo. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. our top picks of the best road bikes from the budget to the pricey and across all the different categories. the best road bikes now come in a bewildering array of different guises. whereas once road bikes were a fairly uniform army of steel framed machines, now there's a lot of differentiation. that complexity is increased by the trend for bikes to share features across genres. so whereas the best lightweight road bikes typically came with round tubing and shallow wheels a few years ago, now they'll typically sport similar tube profiles to the best aero road bikes. likewise, those aero bikes can now be light enough that the pros will be happy to ride them even on hilly races for their performance gains, particularly on downhill sections. endurance bikes are another category that now overlaps significantly with other bikes. the best endurance road bikes may ostensibly be built for comfort, but they often add aero flourishes. and all the best road bikes have increased tyre clearance over their predecessors, often close to that of the best gravel bikes. that helps increase comfort, so that even the toughest races like paris-roubaix have been won on aero machines. this merging across categories means that some brands have given up on differentiating their offerings, so there's a class of all-rounder race bikes. add in the best electric road bikes and you've got a huge amount of choice from the leading brands. meanwhile, if you're looking for an entry level road bike, there's more choice than ever and bikes are increasingly competent, although prices have increased across the board. the best budget road bikes now often come with disc brakes, with hydraulic braking at higher specs and again will typically sport wider tyres and can often be set up tubeless. if all that's set your head spinning, we've got a separate post on how to choose a road bike, or read on for our selection of the best road bikes across the different categories, in each case including a lower priced option and a money-no-object superbike. you can trust cyclingnews \n\n\nour experts spend countless hours testing cycling tech and will always share honest, unbiased advice to help you choose. find out more about how we test. if you're looking in this price range you should be able to find an alloy framed bike, usually with a carbon fork to help absorb some road chatter. you should find one of shimano's lower spec groupsets, either 8-speed claris, 9-speed sora or 10-speed tiagra, although the best budget road bikes may stretch to 105. decathlon makes some excellent value bikes with great specs. the triban rc520 disc is a good example. at a price at which you'd expect 8-speed shimano claris it gives you 11-speed 105 with a good gear range from its 50/34-tooth chainset and 11-32-tooth cassette and much smaller jumps than you'd get with claris. not only that, you get disc brakes in the form of trp hy/rd calipers that are cable operated but with hydraulic actuation for better modulation and resistance to fade. decathlon specs a lot of its own brand components including the wheels, which are tubeless ready. the bike comes stock with 28mm own brand tyres, but you can swap these out for rubber up to 36mm wide, which would add an extra dimension of plushness to the already comfortable and relaxed ride. you can add mudguards for all-weather riding and a rack for load lugging duties. as you'd expect at this price, the triban rc520 disc isn't particularly light, but it's on a par with the competition. specialized's stalwart entry level alloy road bike comes with a pedigree that stretches back for years and it gets some trickle-down tech from the brand's high end road bikes like an all-carbon fork and a frame with butted tubing to save weight, smooth welds, dropped seat stays and internal cable routing. the range of specialized components is designed for comfort, like its body geometry bridge saddle and shallow drop bars. specialized fits its own axis sport wheels with 26mm tyres. groupset-wise the shimano claris 8-speed gives you a cassette with 11-32 tooth range and a compact 50/34t chainset, so you can keep going when you hit the hills but still have plenty of top-end speed. there's lots of versatility built into the allez, with rack and mudguard mounts, so you can use it for the commute as well as faster recreational rides. spending twice as much cash as the bikes above will get you some significant upgrades - usually a more sophisticated frame, often hydraulic disc brakes and better components. you'll still usually find an alloy frame, although carbon fibre will sometimes make an appearance. don't think that carbon is essential though as quality alloy frames on the best budget bikes can be lighter and ride better than a lower priced carbon number. the contend family is giant's alloy entry level road bike, but the sl is the top end of the range, with a lightweight frame with giant's trademark sloping compact geometry, an all-carbon fork and a d-shaped carbon composite seatpost designed to dampen road vibrations. it's well specced, with a shimano 105 hydraulic disc brake groupset and a wide range cassette that goes down to 1:1 for easy hill climbing, and is finished with an array of giant components. the contend sl 1 is equipped with a giant s-r2 disc alloy wheelset. tyres are 28mm but giant says that they measure 30mm on the wide rims and the frame has clearance for 34mm. the frameset of the alloy \u00e9monda\u00a0has a quality look with smooth welds that make it appear to be carbon at first sight. it's also lighter than many carbon framesets at this price point, and even ones that are in the next price band above. this spec of the \u00e9monda\u00a0alr headlines with shimano tiagra 10-speed shifting and with tiagra hydraulic disc brakes for great shifting and stopping power. there are tubeless-ready bontrager alloy wheels, although the 28mm wire bead tyres would need a swap-out if you want to set up tubeless. other kit includes bontrager bars and a bontrager stem that's compatible with its blendr system, so you can bolt on lights, computers and other kit. there's a huge range of frame sizes available, with the \u00e9monda\u00a0coming in nine sizes from 47cm up to 64cm. spend this much money on the best road bike and you can expect a quality, performance machine. you'll invariably get a carbon frame and fork, often with higher grade carbon fibre to help keep weight down. many bikes at this price will include a 12-speed electronic groupset, although don't discount mechanical options. you should also find quality, deeper section carbon wheels with tubeless-ready rims and tyres. kitted out with shimano's latest 12-speed ultegra di2 groupset complete with a lightweight, compact power meter from 4iiii, the ultimate is canyon's all-rounder lightweight performance bike. the bike's frame is designed for aerodynamics without the all-out aero design of the canyon aeroad (see below). the ride position is set for all-day comfort on longer rides, but still aggressive enough that higher spec ultimates are ridden by the worldtour pros. canyon bikes usually have great specs for their price and highlights here include canyon's cp10 aerocockpit cf carbon integrated bar and stem and a selle italia slr boost superflow s\u00a0saddle. this spec is equipped with dt swiss arc 1400 dicut db 50mm deep aero wheels with continental grand prix 5000 28mm tyres, again quality options that exceed what you often get at bikes at this price. when the cannondale supersix evo had a makeover a couple of years ago, it evolved from a highly competent lightweight bike into one with aero tube profiles and an integrated cockpit, while still retaining its edge in handling and performance. that's made it more of an all-rounder that's fast wherever you're riding, not just a bike that's great for climbing. ride comfort has improved too and you can now fit tyres up to 30mm wide in place of the stock 25mm vittoria rubino pros with which this spec is shod. cannondale fits a good selection of its own brand kit to the supersix, including hollowgram 35 aero carbon wheels, complete with cannondale's own wheel sensor, and hollowgram chainset with 52/36t chainrings paired to an 11-30t cassette and manual shimano ultegra 11-speed shifting. a race bike should give you something of everything. expect tuned aerodynamics for more speed on the flat, paired with a light enough ride for efficient climbing and handling that's race-ready while still being predictable enough for all-day riding. you'll want the comfort for long rides too. at a price where alloy frames and shimano tiagra are the norm, boardman somehow manages to give you a carbon frame complete with shimano 105, although this is the rim brake version with calipers swapped out for tektro rather than disc brakes. there is a model with in-series 105 hydraulic disc brakes available in the range too though. the frame comes with aero tube profiles as well, with features like dropped seatstays and a recessed seatpost clamp. boardman even gives you tubeless-ready wheels, although you'll need to swap out the folding vittoria zaffiro pro 25mm tyres to take advantage. but that does give you the option to fit 28mm rubber at the same time, taking advantage of the frame clearance. the pinarello dogma has been the quintessential all-round race bike since team sky first put a leg over the f8 in 2014. now, three generations later, it's better than ever, with increased integration, more tyre clearance and disc brakes. the f8 was one of the first bikes to mix aero tube profiles with a light(-ish) overall weight, while the latest dogma f manages to shave that down to 7kg even with its disc brakes. there are a host of 3d printed titanium parts, like the seatpost's saddle clamp, that help keep that weight off. pinarello has upped the dogma's aerodynamics too, with its flatback tube profiles, integrated bars and stem with hidden cable routing and redesigned down tube and seatstay profiles claimed to improve aerodynamics by 5 per cent. it all adds up to a bike that's good at everything: climbing, flat-out downhill runs, fast twisty roads... it's comfortable to ride longer distances too. gone are the days when lightweight bikes and aero bikes were two non-overlapping categories; the best lightweight bikes will nowadays include truncated aerofoil tube shapes to give you an aero advantage, while still edging towards or undercutting the uci's notorious 6.8kg weight limit for bikes used in competition. that's despite additions such as disc brakes - still heavier than rim brakes - and often deeper section aero wheelsets. although decathlon says that edr stands for \"endurance\", the edr is also lightweight thanks to its sub-kilo frameset made from high modulus carbon fibre. as with all decathlon's bikes you get a high spec for the price too with a shimano ultegra r8000 mechanical groupset with mid-compact 52/36t chainset and 11-28 tooth cassette. you get in-series ultegra hydraulic disc brakes, while the deda cockpit and fizik antares saddle add to the quality spec. the edr cf comes with good quality fulcrum racing 3 db alloy wheels as well. along with the hutchinson fusion 5 25mm tyres, they're ready for tubeless running. at 7.7kg claimed weight, it's a bike that's light without breaking the bank. hitting the uci's 6.8kg weight limit, even in a road-going consumer spec with 28mm tyres, the zero slr is wilier's pro-level climbing bike with a claimed frame plus fork weight of just over a kilogram. despite the low weight, wilier says that it's increased the frame's stiffness-to-weight by 24 per cent over its previous generation climbing bike, thanks to features like asymmetric chainstays and fork legs. like many of the new crop of lightweight bikes, the zero slr doesn't compromise on aerodynamics though, with flat-backed tube profiles and an integrated, aero cockpit with hidden cable runs. you can get as flashy as you like with the spec, with options that range from shimano ultegra di2 12-speed up to campagnolo super record eps. although some brands have stopped making separate aero and lightweight bikes, many still offer machines specifically designed for aerodynamic performance. the best aero road bikes typically have deeper cross-section tubes and are kitted out with deeper carbon wheels too. that can make them a little heavier than a climbing bike or an all-rounder, but ensures the best possible aerodynamics. vitus took the zx1 to the wind tunnel and refined its tube shapes, adding a vision integrated cockpit to the highest spec models. the frame's chunky tubing certainly looks aero, though we found the bike a little harsh when riding over rough road surfaces. all specs get the same reynolds deep section aero wheels, with differential profiles and rim depths front and back to mix front end aerodynamics with rear end power delivery. \u00a0they're shod with michelin power road tlr 25mm tyres. there's a choice of groupsets, with everything from mechanical shimano ultegra up to sram red etap axs on the menu. the ultegra spec tested came with a sunrace cassette; it won't match an in-series piece for shift quality, but higher specs get better cassette options. the aeroad cfr (for canyon factory racing) is raced by a quiver of pro teams, including movistar, alpecin-deceuninck, ark\u00e9a-samsic, movistar, and \u00a0(unsurprisingly) canyon-sram. the frame lay-up includes toray m40x carbon fibre for a stiff, lightweight build, but despite this the aeroad cfr is surprisingly comfortable. it's well priced for a pro-level bike too. there are a range of canyon-specific parts, including the adjustable width cp0018 aerocockpit which lets you alter the bar width by 20mm and height by 15mm without needing to cut anything. it's also handy for travel, as the bar can be disassembled. wheels are dt swiss arc 1100 dicut, with a 25mm continental grand prix 5000 tl tyre at the front and a 28mm at the rear. they're now updated to the newer model and you now get a fizik antares versus 3d printed saddle to top off the canyon seatpost, so canyon has addressed our major gripes about spec from when we reviewed the bike. the best endurance road bikes are designed around long distance comfort and usually have a more upright ride position and increased stability over more race-oriented machines. expect plenty of tyre clearance so you can fit wider tyres, an important promoter of ride comfort. you'll often get specific comfort features built in like microsuspension or a seatpost or front end designed to add compliance. cannondale takes its aluminium expertise to the synapse, incorporating save microsuspension into the bike's chainstays and its all-carbon fork, for comfort over longer rides. add in 30mm wide tyres and you've got plenty of isolation from the worst of the road buzz. the synapse 1 is kitted out with a shimano tiagra 10-speed groupset, with a 50/34 fsa omega me chainset and 11-34 tooth cassette to help you haul yourself up hills. it comes complete with in-series hydraulic disc brakes for consistent stopping power whatever the conditions. raced at paris-roubaix by jumbo-visma, the cerv\u00e9lo caledonia looks to blend performance, aerodynamics and comfort for a ride that can handle everything well. the geometry is designed for stability and comfort over rough terrain and you can fit 34mm tyres. at the spec level we tested, there's a sram force etap axs groupset with sram's 10-36t cassette and a quarq integrated power meter. finishing kit includes cerv\u00e9lo's ab07 bars, which have a slight backsweep for a comfortable hand position for long days in the saddle and allow hidden brake hose runs. the higher specs are electronic-only, but lower spec models can accommodate the cables from a mechanical groupset. to up its endurance capabilities, the frame has a range of mounts, including for lights, and removeable mudguard mounting points. the best electric road bikes combine race-bike like handling and specs with a motor and battery that often are hard to spot without a closer look. the quality spec means that on the flat you can usually ride them above the speed at which the motor cuts out and this in turn saves battery power and increases range. the motor is still there to support you when you hit a hill though, making tougher terrain much more manageable. the ribble endurance sl e lets you choose from a variety of specs from mechanical shimano 105 or sram rival up to dura-ace di2 and including the latest electronic 105 di2 12-speed. as with all ribble's bikes, you can choose to upspec certain components too via the ribble bikebuilder app. ribble uses the mahle ebikemotion motor/battery system that's a popular choice due to its low weight and stealth format and is found in many of the best electric bikes. it leads to an electric bike that doesn't weigh a lot more than many non-assisted bikes, while the 40nm output from the motor helps out without giving you too much of an assist. range is decent, particularly since it's easy to ride the ribble sl e above the motor's cut-off speed. the single button controller mounted on the top tube is slightly tricky to keep tabs on and use while riding though. the specialized turbo creo sl range heads up to the very expensive s-works version. stick to the expert spec and you get something a little more affordable but with the same frame, tuneable future shock 2.0 headset and lightweight motor. there's a sram rival etap axs single chainring groupset and roval c38 disc carbon wheels with 30mm tyres, along with specialized's comfort-oriented bars and saddle. if you want more than the 80 miles claimed range, you can fit an optional extra bottle cage range extender battery to add another 40 miles. as well as the standard spec, there are evo versions of both the turbo creo expert and the s-works turbo creo that are specced for gravel riding. we're well aware there are a bewildering array of options out there. aero, lightweight, endurance, it can be a confusing landscape so it's natural to have a couple of questions. fortunately we've a whole guide on how to choose a road bike, so if you're absolutely awash with confusion then head there, but otherwise we'll cover the basics below. this is the most important question, and one that will depend on the type of riding you intend to do. if you are only going to ride on the road then a road bike is the natural choice, but if you're going to be riding a bit of gravel then perhaps a gravel bike will be a better choice. likewise, if you're primarily going to use it for commuting then you may well have more joy using a bike designed for the purpose of transport rather than speed. another question that you'd do well to answer honestly. are you going to be racing? in which case an aero or all-round race bike may well be the ideal choice for you. however, if you're just riding for the fun of it, doing long miles, or just weekend club runs you may get more enjoyment from the additional comfort offered by an endurance road bike. likewise, the minor weight savings offered by a climbing bike can make all the difference if you're heading up alpe d'huez, but if you live in norfolk or somewhere else flat as a pancake then you'll not really gain any benefit. at the top end of things, where 12 speed, all electronic shifting is the norm there is little to separate the main players, so it's all a matter of personal preference. at the mid range, now shimano has introduced electronic shifting at 105 level, there is still nothing significant between shimano and sram, and while campagnolo is specced as standard on far fewer bikes it'll still compete perfectly well. at the lower end you'll likely find only shimano, and it's sora and tiagra groupsets. for the price they represent excellent performance, and while they don't have 12 speeds or electronic shifting they are a little more user friendly and cheaper to maintain. if you're still concerned we've a comprehensive guide to road bike groupsets to help you. the only real way to get a feel for a road bike is to put plenty of miles into it, which is what we do. collectively we're ridden enough bikes here at cyclingnews to know what's hot and what's not. we'll pay attention to the handling, see how the geometry affects things day to day and when going hell for leather. are the tyres any good? we'll find out. is it comfy over eight hours, or even over 18? moreover, we'll find out if it's easy to live with too; can you swap parts easily or is it away with proprietary bits? there's no substitute to time on the bike, in all weathers, so if we've given a bike a review you can be sure we've put it through its paces thoroughly to find the hidden gems and highlight any duds so you can spend your hard earned cash with confidence. the latest race content, interviews, features, reviews and expert buying guides, direct to your inbox! paul has been on two wheels since he was in his teens and he's spent much of the time since writing about bikes and the associated tech. he's a road cyclist at heart but his adventurous curiosity means paul has been riding gravel since well before it was cool, adapting his cyclo-cross bike to ride all-day off-road epics and putting road kit to the ultimate test along the way. best budget bike helmets of 2023 - look good and stay safe at reasonable prices. paris-roubaix crashes spark debate about tubeless tyre safety on the cobbles. drafting controversy at amstel gold race - vaughters complains, pogacar explains, director defends. by immy sykesapril 11, 2023. by alasdair fotheringhamapril 11, 2023. by daniel ostanek, kirsten frattini, peter stuartapril 10, 2023. by fabian cancellaraapril 10, 2023. by laura weisloapril 09, 2023. by laura weisloapril 09, 2023. by laura weisloapril 08, 2023. by laura weisloapril 08, 2023. by kirsten frattiniapril 07, 2023. by fabian cancellaraapril 07, 2023. by lyne lamoureuxapril 06, 2023. cyclingnews is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). \u00a9\nfuture publishing limited quay house, the ambury,\nbath\nba1 1ua. all rights reserved. england and wales company registration number 2008885. partly fueled by the pandemic, cycling has become an even more popular form of recreation as an increasing number of cyclists are riding in the name of fun, fitness and transportation. how do we know that cycling has really increased that much in popular? well, aside from the fact that many of the best bikes are harder to find and the fact that you probably know a few people yourself that have began riding (and never stopped), there\u2019s also data covering the spike in bicycle sales and the increase in bike-friendly city infrastructure. whether you\u2019re hopping on a bike to work up a sweat, commute to work or connect with nature, you\u2019ll be joining the ever-growing ranks of cyclists that discovered (or rediscovered) biking during the pandemic. once you start riding a bike, be it your oldie but goodie beater bike or whatever old clunker you found in the back of your neighbor\u2019s garage, you may find yourself in need of a ride that serves a specific role in your life. if you\u2019re researching some of the best bikes out there, know that there is no single best bike that will suit all of the needs of every single rider. you may be considering road bikes, commuter bikes, e-bikes, gravel bikes or mountain bikes but not know exactly what would work best. kristin mayer, founder of cycling apparel company betty designs, suggests one way to approach your search is to narrow down your options by considering a few key criteria. first, mayer recommends determining what kind of surface you\u2019ll mostly be riding on, which she says \u201cwill help you narrow down what type of bike you need.\u201d for example, if you ride on flat and hilly pavement, you\u2019ll want to search for a commuter, road bike or e-bike. if you prefer dirt roads or trails, you may want to choose one of the best mountain bikes or gravel bikes. if you need your bike to fit into small spaces, you may want a folding bike. depending on your needs, the best bike for you could be a mountain bike, road bike or even an ebike. ... [+] we've rounded up the best of each. next, consider your goals. \u201cdo you want to cruise around and be comfortable? or are races more of your thing?\u201d mayer asks. if you value comfort over speed (and if you won\u2019t be riding very far distances), cruiser bikes can be a great option for flat regions. but if you\u2019re training for a race, a road or gravel bike with a more aerodynamic design will suit you better. lastly, decide if you want advanced features (like a dropper post for mountain biking or a lightweight carbon fiber frame) or if you want to stick with the basics. knowing this will help determine your budget. for example, if you\u2019re concerned about bike weight and want to reduce impact on your joints, you may want to spend the extra money on a carbon frame. if you won\u2019t be riding that much and you need a bike for more casual commuting, you can probably stand to skip the upgrades and save yourself some money. if you\u2019d like a boost to your pedal power regardless of the type of bike you choose, getting an electric version could be a great option, as there are now a tremendous variety of electric bikes, from folding and road to mountain and gravel. keep in mind, however, that electric bikes do tend to be a bit heavier so they may be harder to haul up stairs or lift onto a bike rack. (unless, of course, you get a bike rack with a handy ramp designed for e-bikes). if you plan to ride your bike frequently, kyle mcfarland, a usa cycling certified coach of white pine athletics, suggests you think of your bike as a \u201clong-term investment that will receive a ton of abuse and, ultimately, be responsible for your health and safety.\u201d now that you\u2019ve honed in your search, you can zero in on the best model for you. read on to learn more about the best bikes you can buy today. frame material: aluminum |\u00a0brake type: mechanical disc |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a0700c. rei's cty 1.1 step through is an excellent choice if you're looking for an entry-level bike. it's made for riding around on pavement, with a 24-speed drivetrain, mechanical disc brakes for quick stopping (even in rainy conditions) and a low crossbar to make getting off and on easy. its sturdy aluminum frame is lightweight, so it's easy to maneuver and carry up stairs should you need to haul it from a to b. despite the reasonably affordable $649 price tag, it has some quality components, including shimano\u00a0shifters and derailleurs, as well as beefy 40mm-wide tires which make it versatile and capable of handling a variety of road surfaces with ease. as an added bonus, rei offers free adjustments on all bikes for one year after purchase. frame material: aluminum |\u00a0brake type: mechanical disc |\u00a0wheel size: n/a. for those commuting to the office via bike, we\u2019re keen on electric models for two important reasons: they\u2019re faster thanks to the boost from the motor, and you\u2019re not nearly as sweaty when you get there as you\u2019d be on a traditional bike. schwinn is a brilliant choice as it features both pedal assist and throttle options. we also like that it has integrated lights (helpful when you\u2019re biking home in the dark) and fenders (great for keeping mud off your work clothes on rainy days).  there\u2019s also a built-in rear rack that\u2019s perfect for strapping your briefcase to. with the provided cable and a standard outlet, it can fully recharge before your lunch break (and it can go 45 miles on a single charge). frame material: carbon |\u00a0brake type: hydraulic disc |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a0700c (29 inches). when you\u2019re ready to move beyond casual rides and start training for distance and speed on pavement, a road bike will be the best fit. cervelo is known for designing high-quality, modern racing bikes, but you don\u2019t need to shoot for a pr to appreciate the lightweight carbon frame and aerodynamic design of the caledonia ultegra. mcfarland recommends cervelo because he looks for \u201ca reputable brand with a history of producing bikes for elite teams and pro athletes.\u201d although this may seem like overkill for a recreational user, he explains that \u201cthey have generations of research & development that have culminated in a finely tuned bike that is lightweight, responsive and can take a beating.\u201d. with so many road bike options out there, it can be confusing to know what type of bike to get because each is designed with a specific goal in mind. \u201cyou will see words associated with the bike\u2019s geometry like performance, race or endurance,\u201d says cycling coach garret seacat of absolute endurance. \u201con race and performance bikes, you\u2019ll be more bent over to get into an aerodynamic position compared to an endurance bike, where you\u2019ll be slightly more upright with the bars a little closer.\u201d the caledonia ultegra is an endurance racing bike, so you\u2019re working with a bike designed for long-distance comfort, without sacrificing speed. frame material: alloy|\u00a0brake type: hydraulic disc |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a029 inches. if you're looking for that goldilocks mountain bike that can handle a variety of trails and conditions, look no further than the specialized stumpjumper line. lightweight, maneuverable and complete with just the right amount of suspension, it can climb challenging terrain and glide over rock gardens with ease. despite being a short-travel bike (which is usually ideal for smooth trails and heading uphill), specialized made this bike to mimic the engineering principles of their longest travel bikes. the result is a suspension that\u2019s supremely stable and supportive, even on harrowing descents. range: 37 - 93 miles |\u00a0brake type: hydraulic disc |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a028 inches. vanmoof has fostered something of a following amongst gear heads, and that approval is quickly extending to casual riders too. sleek and stylish, the s3 e-bike boasts four speed settings, making hills nearly as easy as straightaways. a class 3 e-bike, it can reach 20 miles per hour at top speed but has a fully integrated hydraulic braking system, so it'll stop on a dime, even in poor weather conditions. there's also a turbo boost button for a little extra oomph, but it's whisper quiet no matter how fast you\u2019re going. depending on how you ride it, vanmoof has an impressive range of 37 to 93 miles (a top-end number that beats much of the competition). there's even a built-in security system that immobilizes the rear wheel and sets off an alarm through a mobile app, making it that much harder to steal\u2014but a built-in tracking system will come in handy if someone does make off with your wheels. frame material: carbon fiber |\u00a0brake type: hydraulic disc |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a027.5 inches. gravel bike sales skyrocketed in the last two years and it\u2019s easy to see why: their hybrid nature makes them a great option for cyclists looking to maximize their time on both dirt and pavement. the specialized turbo creo sl does not disappoint in that regard (or otherwise). it\u2019s equally at home during mixed-terrain adventures, gravel races or long-haul bikepacking trips. this gravel grinder allows for wider tires, which can increase traction and comfort and decrease the likelihood of flats on chunky terrain. but a gravel bike isn\u2019t just a road bike with beefier tires\u2014it was designed with a longer geometry and a slacker angle of the head tube (the tube that runs to the front wheel) than a road bike. these features \u201callow for a slightly more upright riding position, more responsive and stable handling on off-road surfaces and a more comfortable ride,\u201d says mcfarland. and while this bike is great on gravel, it works perfectly well on pavement and it\u2019s ability to attach multiple racks and pannier bags mean that it could also be used for running errands and picking up groceries, making it an excellent all-purpose bike. the electric nature of the bike means that you\u2019ll get up to 80 miles of range from the internal battery so you can ride longer. and because this is last year\u2019s model, you can also save several thousand dollars on it, which is never a bad thing. frame material: aluminum |\u00a0brake type: hydraulic disc |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a0700c (29 inches). although women don\u2019t need to invest in a women\u2019s-specific bike,\u00a0there are some benefits to buying one. \u201cwomen have different proportions than men and, sometimes, women have a hard time finding a bike geometry that fits them well\u201d explains mayer. \u201cso look for brands that offer women\u2019s specific bikes\u201d like liv cycling. while they have dozens of models available, from road bikes to mountain bikes, the alight 2 disc is a mid-range hybrid option that\u2019s perfect for daily cruising and commuting because of its sleek design and upright riding position. it comes equipped with reliable shimano components and accessory mounts so you can add fenders, racks or a kickstand depending on whether you use your bike for grocery runs or commuting during the rainy season. the aluminum frame is lightweight, and the hydraulic disc brakes (which are usually reserved for pricier bikes) will instill confidence if you ever have to screech to a stop. frame material: aluminum |\u00a0brake type: mechanical or disc |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a012 inches. if you\u2019re looking for an folding bike, chances are you\u2019re trying to save on space. whether you need to fit your bike into your tiny home, load it into the trunk of your car, or bring it with you when you board the subway, bike friday\u2019s surprisingly compact designs can meet the minimalist demands. the company hand makes all of their bikes in portland, oregon, including the world\u2019s first \u201csuitcase travel bike\u201d (which fold up to fit inside a suitcase), in addition to building tandem bikes, cargo bikes and everything in between. bike friday\u2019s new world tourist is a highly versatile bike that can be used for short, quick trips around town but also for long-distance bike tours where you need to haul heavy loads of supplies. because the bike can handle being loaded with both front and back touring bags, it\u2019s also a great option for city riders, particularly car-free cyclists that rely entirely on their bicycles to run errands. the bike works well for riders who may use it to carry paperwork and laptops (and perhaps a spare change of clothing) to the office, to haul groceries or farmers market finds home, to ferry picnic supplies to the park or to pick up items from their local hardware or department store. because these bikes are handmade and built to order, you can customize them any which way you want. when ordering your bike from bike friday, you can add on an electric assist battery, a soft travel case or hard travel suitcase, a trailer attachment and accessories like kickstands, fenders, and front and back touring racks. you can also choose between 9 and 18 speed gearing systems, flat or h bar handlebars and between v brakes (easier to pack) and disc brakes (better for wet conditions and hauling heavy loads). if all of that sounds like a lot, one huge perk of ordering a bike friday bike is that you can arrange a free consultation with one of their bike experts to determine the exact set-up that would work best for the type of bike you want and the style of riding you\u2019ll be doing. frame material: steel |\u00a0brake type: mechanical |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a020 inches. if you\u2019re looking for an folding bike, chances are you\u2019re trying to save on space. whether you need to fit your bike into your tiny home, load it into the trunk of your car, or bring it with you when you board the subway, lectric\u2019s surprisingly compact designs can meet the minimalist demands. because folding bikes have smaller wheels, they tend to move a bit slower and require a bit more effort to pedal. that\u2019s where electric folding bikes come in. sure, they\u2019re going to be heavier than non-electric folding bikes so they may not be ideal for riders who want to quickly fold them up and carry them up and down stairs or store on an upper shelf, but if you\u2019re looking for a small solution that will minimize the amount of pedal power required, an electric folding bike may be the answer. with high-quality brakes and pedal assist, the xp step-thru 2.0 is ideal for commuting and everyday riding. while some folding bikes feel unstable because of their small tires, the long wheel base of this model adds stability and finesse to your ride. it also comes with fenders and a front attachment point so you can add a bag to your bike. frame material: steel |\u00a0brake type: coaster |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a026 inches. cruiser bicycles are built to be comfortable to ride and easy to maintain. they often have a wide handlebar, knobby tires and a cushy seat. you\u2019ll frequently see them on boardwalks and in beach towns because they\u2019re engineered for a fun, relaxing ride, in which you get to sit up straight, rather than hunched over like you would on a performance bike. and all of that is very true of this charming cruiser from electra, which makes it perfect for your leisurely pedaling. although you won\u2019t win any speed records, the single-speed drivetrain keeps maintenance to a minimum, and the rear coaster brake is intuitive to use even if you haven\u2019t been on a bike since childhood. this bike also features a full-length chainguard to prevent chain grease from spoiling your ride. plus, you can choose from six cheery colors, including beach bronze and spring green. frame material: aluminum |\u00a0brake type: rim |\u00a0wheel size:\u00a020 inches. while it may be tempting to pick up a ride from a big box store just in case your kid quickly outgrows their bike or doesn\u2019t treat it with proper care, you\u2019d be wise to consider a specialty option. superstore bikes are often heavy and aren\u2019t built to withstand child play (or wipeouts)\u2014you\u2019re better off getting something of a higher quality. woom is known for their lightweight bikes for kids because they make their frames out of a high-quality aluminum and rely on lightweight components. their bikes are easy for kids to maneuver but also durable enough to handle whatever they happen to encounter, from rolling hills to dirt piles. this specific model is made for kids age six to eight, so it has slightly advanced features like 8-speed gearing. woom keeps it beginner-friendly by using twist shifters so your kids can learn without taking their grip off the handlebars. but, if you\u2019re looking for something a bit simpler for your little ones, you could opt for the woom 3 instead. bicycles can be a very serious investment and here at forbes vetted, we want to help you find the best possible ride no matter your needs and goals. to achieve this, we work with industry experts at identifying the key determinants that every rider should consider when choosing the best style of bike. we also work with them to identify the features that constitute a great bike, regardless of the category, such as quality of build and ease of use. we then weigh various factors considered most important to specific use cases, including how and when you plan to use your bicycle, to zero in on top-tier options. we also scour the internet far and wide to source real reviews from verified customers when determining the pros and cons of each model. after all, real customer feedback is far more reliable than any manufacturer-made description on their website. finally, we also love riding bikes (and some of us own many, many bikes) so we rely on our own first-hand experience. many of the bikes on our list were extensively tested by forbes vetted staffers and contributors and we even own a few of these picks. as such, all of the bikes featured in this article are those we\u2019ve deemed the best of the best. bikes come in a variety of styles, and each style is built for a specific purpose. some bikes can be used for different styles of riding while others really are only appropriate for a singular pursuit. for instance, cruiser bikes are comfortable but they tend to be very heavy and not well suited for long or hilly rides. and while mountain bikes could, technically, be used for road riding (and many people do use them as all-purpose bikes), their heavy, bulky tires will slow you down and make you work harder than you need to. to help determine what style of bike may be best suited for you, have a look at the list below, which includes the most common styles of bikes and what they\u2019re intended for. it may be the case that you need (or just want) multiple bikes, in which case, you may also want to check out these bike storage solutions to keep your rides safe and secure at home. maybe, but not necessarily. bicycle manufactures have always made bicycles that they claim were specifically designed for women but until recently, that wasn\u2019t really the case. up until about 20 years ago, these so-called \u201cwomen-specific\u201d bikes usually followed the \u201cshrink it and pink it\u201d sales approach. the frames were made a little bit smaller and they came in stereotypical female colors (because we all love pink and purple and dream about unicorns, right?), but the bikes themselves weren\u2019t actually any better suited for women. historically, the biggest difference between men\u2019s and \u201cwomen\u2019s\u201d bikes was that a women\u2019s bike had a step-through frame, meaning it had a lower top tube so that the rider could wear a skirt or dress without having a wardrobe malfunction. the design dates back to the days when most women wore large, voluminous dresses that required a lower top tube to mount a bike. obviously, this is no longer the case. in recent years, however, bike companies have worked with ergonomic experts to design bikes that actually account for the anatomical differences between men\u2019s and women's bodies (height, hip width, hand size, etc.). women\u2019s bikes are built to accommodate those differences, in addition to being available in smaller frame sizes. that being said, unless you\u2019re a very serious rider, you probably don\u2019t need a bike made specifically for women\u2014a unisex bike will do just fine. we\u2019d recommend testing out a couple of styles to determine what feels most comfortable for you. absolutely. and you should. bicycles can be a pretty big financial commitment so you should always make sure that you actually like how it rides\u2014if you don\u2019t, you probably won\u2019t end up riding it much. think of it like this, you would never buy a car without first taking it for a test drive. taking a bicycle for a test ride serves the same purpose, as it can help you and the shop determine if the bike fits you well and meets your needs. if the bike shop doesn\u2019t allow you to take it for a spin for some reason, consider that a warning sign and take your business elsewhere. that depends. some bike manufacturers and brick and mortar bike shops do offer some sort of warranty or new-buyer guarantee but others don\u2019t. some shops allow customers to bring their bike in a couple times a year for complimentary servicing and minor repairs. others may offer a single tune-up after a certain number of miles. others still may service your bike in the future, but it\u2019ll cost you. be sure to ask what your shop\u2019s policy is when purchasing your bike. another question to ask is what the manufacturer\u2019s warranty covers. often, it will cover defects and normal wear and tear within a period of a couple of years. it won\u2019t, however, cover crashes or damage as a result of misuse. \\> -bargaining in person and with knowledge is the best way for people to drop prices.  this is terrible advice. if i make an arrangement for someone to buy something from me at an agreed-upon price, and i meet them, and they start trying to bargain with me, i am going to leave. that is very rude unless you genuinely find a new issue with the object that wasn't in the listing. i don\u2019t think you\u2019re doing gravel bikes enough justice mate. if i wanted to do 30% mtb trails 60% pathways and 10% road i\u2019d definitely go with a gravel bike, as long as those mtb trails are not overly technical. obv if you want to do proper technical mtb nothing will replace a real mtb, but a gravel bike is arguably the best all-rounder. people underestimate the comfort of a crit bike on long distances. i take my allez sprint on weekly metric centuries with zero comfort issues.it's not something to start off on, but if you're used to a road bike, don't be afraid of it. i think it\u2019s a mistake to dismiss the 1x10 deore (it is not at all uncommon to consider it more desirable than entry level sram 1x11/12 setups), steel bikes (lol what) and hy/rd brakes. great distillation of replies to about 4,762 posts of \u201ci\u2019m a noob - what bike should i get?\u201d should be perma-posted on the top of r/whichbike for us europeans other reputable value brands are: merida, cube, sensa, lapierre, focus, bulls, rose, van ryssel/triban/rockrider thought on bikesdirect.com? this isn't bad advice but there are other ways.if you're not afraid to change tires and tubes -- and every cyclist should learn how and have a set of tire levers and a patch kit on hand anyway -- then a garage queen can be a great bike. my two main daily riders are both former garage queens, '80s steel-frame roadies that i picked up for $60 and $100 in cherry shape. the $100 one was \\*during the pandemic\\* and it was in immaculate shape.aluminum is stiff and jiggly, they put the \"numb\" in \"aluminum\". steel's real. carbon and titanium are for people with lots of money who never, ever need to lock their bike in a public place. >avoid 3x front derailleur systems for all bike including hybrids, roads, and mountain bikes. 3x systems are ancient and will take a lot of fiddling to get the system to work properly.then what should i get? > avoid 3x front derailleur systems for all bike including hybrids, roads, and mountain bikes. 3x systems are ancient and will take a lot of fiddling to get the system to work properly. no they really won't? triple chainset is fine with quality components; alivio, deore or sora front mech will be fine and most likely problem-free (cross-chaining can be an issue, but if you're aware of which gear combinations to avoid, not much of one). trek, giant, specialized. if it's your first bike, you should probably buy it from your local bike shop-- bikes come in different sizes, and they'll set you up with something that fits you correctly. i'd get a hybrid or a comfort bike if you aren't going off road and riding less than 10 miles.  basically any well know brand will be a good start, trek specialised giant however you will pay a bit more and get less spec i like surly. they're relatively inexpensive, durable as hell, and they're just downright cool. you'll get help in here but i'd provide a bit more info to point people in the right direction:where are you? what's the terrain like? are you likely to stay on roads or do you fancy a few trails at the weekend? what budget are you looking at?  if you're in the uk, can you do the 'bike to work' scheme that will boost your budget?you're probably aware of the big brands - a quick look at most bike shop websites will fill you in but i'd pin down if you want a road bike, mountain bike, cyclocross or hybrid then go from there. get a hybrid or a road bike. don't get a mountain bike if you only plan on using it on concrete/asphalt. just about any bike will be good for that distance. just about anything that's sold at a reputable bike shop should be fine. don't buy a bike from walmart or any other department store. they are low quality, but worst of all, they often aren't assembled properly. trek, specialized, giant, and jamis, are a few brands that i know that make affordable models. khs also makes some hybrid bikes that are in the under 500 mark. what is the opinion of reddit on those? i picked one up a few months ago (2015 model) and have had no complaints in the last 250 miles.  i ended up going cervelo for my first road bike. canyon's bikes are pretty sweet and not too expensive. giant is generally the mark that's going to provide the best value for money. the other brands mentioned here are good to look at as well. marin and jamis are two other brands that have been providing compelling bikes at great value lately. surly are great as well as another user mentioned, but in high enough demand that you aren't likely to find one on sale. for what you're looking for a mass market, aluminum frame hybrid, mountain bike or maybe cyclocross bike should be about right, and depending on which of those categories you gravitate toward you should be able to find the right ticket in a brand new bike for somewhere in the $350 to $700 range.  i'd stick with the major brands. giant, trek, specialized, cannondale, etc. look for a good gravel bike. i know you are going to use it for commuting but a gravel bike will be much more comfy than anything with a cheap front suspension. used is fine but if you aren't handy, i'd  at least go visit a local bike shop and talk to the people there. check decathlon for those good entry - mid level bike something used from the local online marketplace. trek marlin.  get the highest level one you can afford. i had a specialized sirrus comp for putting around town. loved it. i only mountain bike now so i sold it but i\u2019d recommend something like that.i sold it used for $200 so you could probably find something like that. what is your budget? 80usd will probably land you a bike for sure, but you will have to put time, effort and money in to make it fun in most cases. i'd say stick with reputable brands. a tip from me would be cube bikes. they are nice and decent quality without breaking the bank. also i would look for at least 8 speeds in the rear on a normal derailleur setup. that being said there are decent hub gears with their own advantages out there and depending on what you want to do a single speed could also be right for you (and cheaper in a lot of cases). low end reid bikes are absolute shockers. when looking at reids, anything with 7 speeds at the back should be avoided (freewheel hub which is weak and will bend axles). 8 speeds at the back or more is the nicer stuff, and are almost as good as the name brands. giant, decathlon, merida, canyon. giant is probably your best value for brands sold in bike shops.    canyon is a good value too and is sold direct.  companies like specialized and trek, not to mention the boutique euro brands like pinerello(sp), conlago, and wilier all come with a name brand tax, even though companies like giant make most of their frames in taiwan. fuji, which doesn't spend nearly as much on marketing as the bigger, more prominent brands. good stuff. boardman i've recently been down this rabbit hole and for my personal needs (aka not electronic shifting) i have landed on the quintana roo srfive. i\u2019ve been checking out fezzari recently. another direct to consumer brand that seems to make pretty decent road and mountain bikes apart from the others already mentioned:co-op from rei seem pretty good scott is pretty good value, imo, even after recent price increases.scott addict 20 full 105 disc $2500: [https://www.scott-sports.com/us/en/product/scott-addict-20-disc-stellar-blue-bike?article=280635022](https://www.scott-sports.com/us/en/product/scott-addict-20-disc-stellar-blue-bike?article=280635022)vs specialized tarmac sl6 full 105 disc $3500:[https://www.specialized.com/us/en/tarmac-sl6-sport/p/199469?color=321604-199469](https://www.specialized.com/us/en/tarmac-sl6-sport/p/199469?color=321604-199469)seems like a good value and a well known brand to boot. canyon is also a good bet, although you may get some grief if you need to get it serviced from the lbs (most won't care, they make most of their money on service, but some get crusty when shopper go the direct-to-consumer route) i\u2019ve seen many posts talking about giant, and more specifically, the giant tcr being excellent value. steer clear of pinarello, cervelo, bianchi, and the likes for \u201cvalue\u201d. pinarello in particular seems low yield. for hybrids there isn't really a ranking, other than: pure shit: canadian tire, walmart; pretty shit but it goes: sportchek, costco; real bikes: everything else. some of the newer european style bikes are very different in quality (linus, public) but i wouldn't call those hybrids. you generally get what you pay for in hybrid bikes. the base tier of components is now pretty good on the standard kona dew, trek fx, giant escape, jamis commuter, norco indie, etc. and within these bike models, they usually have tiers that reflect the addition of higher quality/lighter components (the shifters/derailleurs/cassette/chainring) upgrades to disc brakes (i recommend discs if you want it for commuting and will be in the rain), maybe better stock tires and sometimes even the inclusion of fenders and racks. except the disc brakes, these are all things you can add on or replace once the original components break.if you want to support canadian, look at norco and jamis, but all the major brands make their bikes in asia. you might get better warranty support with a bike company located here though. my only hybrid was a trek dual sport 4. its not a budget bike at 1400cad. it was mediocre at everything and it was excellent for a hybrid bike.i ride a trek checkpoint alr5 now because at the end of the day a bicycle tailored to your needs is leaps and bounds better at everything you want it to do.the alr5 is a gravel bike and i do take it off road. i've gone cross country \"mountain biking\" on it no problem. if you want to do anything besides mountain biking on rough trails or downhill i highly recommend a gravel bike for its versatility. you don't need to spend 2600 cad either. kona makes some nice bikes in this style. same with giant or trek or any other large manufacturer. if your mountain biking you want flat bars and at least front suspension in which case a hardtail mountain bike would serve you much better. full suspension if you can swing it. tl:dr... don't get a hybrid. even the great expensive ones are mediocre at everything. cannondale, trek, giant are safe bets. canyon for gravel is great as is norco. stick to the bigger brands for your first bike. i got mine at from gears and if paying is challenging, they do interest credit for 1 year. that being said, watch out for thieves. there\u2019s lots of good feedback in these forums around where to leave your bike and such. have you considered a touring bike? they're usually built to be comfortable over long distance and specced to perform fairly well as heartier road bikes.hybrids are built in this kind of grey area, so a strong criteria by which you would judge components gets kind of murky. road components, mountain components, track components, touring components are all really easy to categorize into pro/mid/beginner teirs.i've had to ride hybrid bikes a few times, i frame it as 'had to' because i don't enjoy them. i own 5 bikes right now and love all of them, well built bikes that know their purpose are a delight to ride. hybrids i see as having odd geometry, goofy gearing, heavy components and are generally pretty confused and overpriced builds, just awful. garneau are also great bikes. canadian company as well northrocks at costco and bikes from decathlon are likely the best value (new) bikes available at price points less than $1000.for what you specifically asked for, trek fx and giant escapes are also very popular.as nearly everything is sold out now, i recommend using bikeshare for the next few weeks and then buying either a northrock/decathlon (or something like a trek fx or giant escape) when they restock in the next few months. probably not allowed here, but i have a cannondale quick cx with only a couple hundred km on it that i hardly ever ride (i bought a road bike, that's my thing). pm if interested. i bought a trek fx 4s hybrid for $1400 4 years ago and i've put 8,000 km on it in daily commutes. its a fast, light, and sturdy bike without disc brakes. in service over the four years i've had one new wheel, a new chain and rear cassette, and about 4 flats. it still takes the city streets like a dream. it pays for itself each year in transit savings alone. it allows me to eat 3 squares a day and not snore at night. you get what you pay for. what's not to like? bike novice here... was looking for a hybrid as well a couple of weeks ago to break free of the quarantine blues and settled on a garneau urbania 5 for around $500. it has been the object of all my joy since, and at that entry-level price point (plus its a canadian brand) i can't reccomend it enough. as most others are recommending, go for either a gravel or cyclocross bike. much more versatile than a hybrid and they will fool most non-bike aficionados into thinking you have a road bike.i have an emonda alr5 but the checkpoint alr5 is basically the same. they\u2019re always sold out at my lbs cause they\u2019re super reliable and fun. almost all 'italian' bikes are the 'cool' kids who do nothing academically and get by on looks.giant is the one that just does well on everything but doesn't make a big deal about it. trek could also fit in here but seems to vary based on your countryspecialized and cervelo are the ones who always complain about how hard a test is and that they didn't study but it turns out they got a super high score and studied more than anyone. all the other dudes are mad because canyon rolled up with his own homebrew ipa and the ladies love it. orbea - the exchange student that is extremely attractive and a little intimidating but, upon getting to know them, you realize is actually pretty similar to you, yet is just *slightly* cooler in every way because they\u2019re the only exchange student at your school from that country time- the bike specialized and cervello wish they could make.look - it's french but in a good waybmc - it's swiss with all the positive stereotypes. - kona: outdoorsy, and in a band, but low key about it. - bike friday: has nearly every imaginable life skill, always wears monochrome polo shirts. - soma: makes all her own clothes, and dresses well. only listens to music no one else has heard of.- linus: 20-something hipster who wears tweed suits unironically. and pulls it off.- trek: has an mba, can't really describe what they do. wears beige, drives a station wagon. my take on a bunch of brands follows.  kuota:  not very well known and sounds like a japanese brand.  they try to project a leading edge technology image rather than old world craftsmanship.  bianchi:  sometimes called treckini.  it's the everyman's italian brand.  colnago:  twenty years ago people would have given their left nut for a colnago.  today they aren't as popular but they still have that boutique cache and price tag.  pinarello:  the new colnago.  if you are a dentist that wants to do their once a month ride on a $7k bike at 12 mph this is the bike for you.  the cool factor comes from the fact that chris froome won some tdfs on them.  (disclaimer:  i met a guy riding a pinarello last weekend that could actually maintain over 20mph.  not everyone with these bikes are posers.)derosa:  a storied name with a history of beautiful bikes.  the perfect combination of beauty and function.  they aren't cheap, they aren't winning tdfs, they are premium for a reason.  (full disclosure, if i had the money, i would totally own one.)focus:  brutally efficient and impossible to get in the us now.  (i own one and love it).  factor:  it's a brand i see at races.  that's all i know about them.orbea:  in my opinion a really cool brand that doesn't get enough attention in the us market.  they have a great semi-custom paint program.  argon 18:  another brand that seems to project an image of technological excellence.  ribble:  a really nice direct to consumer brand.  they have a coolness in the us just because they aren't that well known.boardman: the chevy of the english market.  (i don't think that they sell them in the us)trek:  the everyman's bike.  they peaked in the early 2000's when lance dopestrong was winning tdfs.    specialized:  damn close to trek with a little more cachet.  the s-works label is where they really have the cool factor.  cannondale:  a brand that built its reputation on aluminum bikes when everyone else was still making steel frames.  their image was tarnished by an attempt to make a motorcycle and a subsequent sale to a conglomerate.    giant:  bang for the buck!  you will get more for your money than a lot of other brands.    canyon:  direct to consumer with some very popular designs.  if you want an affordable aero bike this is your brand.fezari:  direct to consumer that advertises a \"custom\" fit.  this if a far from complete list and these are the opinions of one idiot on the internet so feel free to weigh in with your thoughts. masi: has trouble making friends, spent 20 minutes awkwardly standing around trying to drink a beer, ended up hanging out with the dog in the back yardsource: have a masi salsa is the one that is always wearing sandals regardless of the temperature... giant is the nerdy/serious guy in the group project who actually does all the work while everyone else copies off of him. trek is the guy who has a respectable job as a middle manager but is obsessed with his glory days playing high school varsity soccer.specialized is the guy who got into an ivy league school as a legacy. not dumb but is really overconfident in his abilities and manages to fail upward at every opportunity. cannondale only because my current bike is a cannondale and i like my current bike. love my bmc timemachine road, and their general design aesthetic over the whole road range. habanero-super nice titanium frames for $1200-$1400 and full custom for $1800soma-bomb ass steel frames at very reasonable prices (like surly but without the corporate overlords)poseidon-where else are you going to get a nice road bike for $650 and a nice gravel bike for $750state bicycle co.-best deals on quality single speed/fixed gear bikespriority-amazing belt drive bikes at great prices (for example the $1300 continuum onyx is almost identical to the $1700 trek district 4, but actually has better integrated lights)brompton-one of the most fun and versatile bikes i\u2019ve ever ownedbike friday-the idea of a top-of-the-line folding road bike just amuses me to no endvaast-magnesium frames, because i\u2019m a sucker for weird and unusual fuji. great quality bikes and fair prices. been around since 1899. kona because i love \ud83d\udc08! orbea for many reasons. love that they're an employee owned co-op. long and interesting history to the company as well. and they produce beautiful bikes. love my orca and love the custom paint scheme. giant. 100%. they\u2019re the champions of value, quality, and morality in the corporate bicycle universe. they\u2019re the winner in my mind in all that a bicycle company should strive to be; they\u2019re truly the bike company for the people. brand: bianchireason: cost to benefit analysis tern. i've ridden xtracycles and yubas too, but the tern gsd is my favorite long tail cargo that i've had. electric helps, sure. but it also has really good cargo capacity, great handling, and is cool looking. klein, before they were bought by trek.  modern brands: vsf \\*puts on hipster glasses\\* but you probably haven't heard of them. this is really good. for anyone not well versed in bicycles, i\u2019d caution against the used market, particularly for mountain bikes. you could wind up with a bike that has a worn cassette, chain, cable housings, bearings, suspension pivots, etc. a couple of these issues combined could cost you several hundred, maybe even a thousand dollars. for example, sram gx eagle cassette and chain common on many midrange mtbs will run you $300 if you do it yourself. with covid issues, you might not even be able to source the parts! it is not cool to agree to pay a price online and then when you meet in person try and get them to lower it. i just got a trek fx1 realized after a few days i wanted a road bike but nothing is in stock so i'll be rocking this trek for a while awesome guide! note about raleigh, they apparently license out their name in at least the southeast asia market so probably shouldn't count on the brand in that case. i'm really interested in trying out crit racing, but i also of course want to go on some longer rides. would a racing road bike be too bad on longer rides or would an endurance bike be too bad for racing? i can only buy one for now, so what do you recommend? look for a nonprofit bike organization, in my city we have salt lake city bike collective which refurbishes and sells donated bikes at fair prices. craigslist can be an option but be wary of stolen bikes. bikes are sized differently depending on type as well so google around to find what size you need. i prefer a road bike for speed around town but mountain bikes are a good option too.   definitely check out /r/bicycling.i live in a major us city and 95% of my non-walking transportation is by bicycle. you can ride a mountain bike on city streets but mountain bike tires are wider (which means that kind of bicycle is slower on pavement). if you'll be spending any significant amount of time on paved roads, there's really no substitute for a good road bike.some information that would be useful:* how frequently will you be riding on roads and how far? will you be commuting to work every day by bicycle? if so, how far away is your office from where you live, and what are the roads like?* you mention you want to go to use your bicycle for grocery shopping, and presumably other errands. how much do you generally buy during a shopping trip? how far away is the grocery store?* how much time will you be spending on mountain biking trails, etc.? what are the trails like?i don't ride off-road so i know less about mountain biking. but i have been commuting to work and just getting around the city by bicycle for several years now. i have a touring (road) bike with a steel frame (a jamis aurora elite), 28mm tires (wider than more common road tires but we have lots of potholes), fenders and disc brakes (essential for riding in the rain), two grocery-bag sized baskets on the back (excellent cargo capacity), and a bunch of accessories (lights, air horn, u-lock). my bike as configured is the station wagon of bicycles, but it's very practical and solid (and i can still get up to a pretty good speed with it). my opinion is that when it comes to bikes you don't want to be cheap. i'm not saying you need to go out and buy a thousand-plus dollar road bike, but going cheap and buying used is a penny-wise, pound-foolish approach.i bought a kona dew plus hybrid bike in 2010 for $550. i already had a lot of the accessories (lights, helmet, u-lock, pump) so that's something a new owner would need to account for. i've put a few thousand miles on it by now. even after accounting for maintenance, tune-ups and occasional part replacement, this bike costs peanuts per year compared to what a car would cost. now, go to a reputable bike store. the reason why is that good stores don't stock junk and you don't have to worry about buying something that's not going to last. they'll size you up and put you on a bike that actually fits your body. they'll let you test ride any bike before you make a decision (if they won't, don't buy from them). avoid walmart, target, etc. at all cost. the stuff they sell is low-quality junk that will not last if you put significant mileage on it. there are horror stories out there about walmart bikes being assembled so badly that the owner had to take them to a real bike shop to be completely rebuilt. the cost of that cancelled out any savings of getting it cheap in  the first place. the other reason to buy from a reputable store is that they'll often throw in maintenance for free for the first year. this lets you build a relationship with the mechanic and have someone who will help take care of your bike over the years. this is one of the biggest things overlooked, imo, by the walmart bike shopper. bikes don't maintain themselves. if you don't plan on doing your own maintenance, a good mechanic is essential. >would a mountain bike be ok to use in the city? don't buy a mountain bike for the city. buy a decent mid-range hybrid bike if you don't want to ride a road bike.>are sites like kijiji and craigslist a good option for a used bike? generally no. craigslist is littered with stolen bikes and there's generally no guarantee that the bike isn't a lemon. if it is, you're probably stuck with it.  there's no reason you can't buy a decent bike(used trek, specialized, giant) for $150-200.  don't buy a bike you'll cry over if it gets stolen.  invest in a good lock to deter thieves.  mountain bikes without suspensions are fine for city commuting, i prefer them.  just switch your tires to something more urban friendly. (cost ~ $50 for tires, tubes, labor). you might want to ask the experts on [r/whichbike](http://www.reddit.com/r/whichbike) or [r/bicycling](http://www.reddit.com/r/bicycling).  just let them know your price range and they should have some good suggestions.to me, the most important thing is that you buy a helmet and a good set of lights to keep you safe.you might also want to join us in [r/lowcar](http://www.reddit.com/r/lowcar) if you have questions about how to get around comfortably without a car. my suggestion: 1. go to wal-mart, target, or whatever your local equivalent is. look at the bikes they have there. 2. look at your used bike options at pawn shops, craigslist, police auctions, etc. do not buy any brands that you saw at your big box discount store. 3. when considering a bike, either post it on /r/bicycling or /r/whichbike and ask for advice or ask a knowledgeable friend. there are many subtle details to understand and if you just want to get something good without becoming an expert yourself, you'll need a little help.edit: [here is a good guide.] (http://www.reddit.com/r/whichbike/comments/1h5tzs/a_brief_guide_to_buying_a_used_bike_by_a_prio_lbs/) if you are in a big city near the mountains check out [pinkbike](http://www.pinkbike.com/) , if you get a hardtail (no rear suspension) you should be able to get a great used bike from the buy/sell section of that website.  pinkbike is essentially craigslist for mountain biking.  head over to [r/mtb](http://www.reddit.com/r/mtb) for advice on which bike would be best for your needs.  if you also want it for commuting you might look at a hardtail 29er (29 inch wheels), bikes like the kona kahuna, giant xtc 29er, trek superfly, or the norco charger.  there are several other great manufacturers, however they start becoming more expensive from there.  you can probably find a entry level used bike for $600-800, or a midrange from $1000-1500 depending on the components.  these bikes are designed more to last when compared to department store (supercycle/ccm) bikes.  department store bikes a lot of the time have faux shocks, or steerer tubes, which will literally fall apart on a mtb trail.    mountain biking can be a very expensive hobby, but so so rewarding as well.    edit:  looks like you have some world class trails right at your fingertips (esp. fernie), i hope you are able to take advantage of your location, i went on vacation there just to ride! it's been a busy year for new bike launches as we approach the end of 2022 i reckon it's a good time to look forward to some of the most exciting road bikes coming out in 2023 before we dive in this video is brought to you by squarespace squarespace is a powerful platform that enables you to create an online store for your bike shop a website to sell your own cool bike products or just start blogging and with an intuitive interface and powerful analytics to unlock your full potential it really can be any easier and you get a free trial and 10 discount use my special code linked down below right let's dive into some of the best bikes for 2023 and first on my list is probably the most radical new road bike for 2023 the all-new trek madone slr and it's rikel thanks to the iso flow their name for a hole in the seat tube which replaces the old is beater coupler on the previous generation model it's definitely a talking point but it's claim to make the bike lighter and more aero than the old bike with no impact on the comfort but i found when i wrote it recently a link to my review above is that it's not quite smooth as the old bug which is a real shame but thankfully there's space for wide tire so you can replace a 25 meter wide tires it comes with and fit a nice chunky tire for more real world comfort our distinctive as the iso flow it's a brand new one-piece hannah bar and stem which is way narrower than most handlebars and narrower in the hood than a dropped just 39 centimeters from hood to hood that brings your shoulders and your arms in to reduce your frontal surface area to make your body more aero than a wider handlebar and a result of that handlebar and that new isoflow it's a bike of course claims to be more aero and therefore faster than the bike it replaces but how aero is it really well i took it to a wind tunnel to find out and you see the results of that in a video linked up above [music] another brand new aero race bike for 2023 and this one looks really exciting it's your new giant propel now this aero race bike has never been the most popular in the business but this new version might change all that because not only is it aero thanks to all those aero profiles and their one-piece hannibal stem and drop race days is now really lightweight an actual 6.9 kilograms for a size ml with a top end generated di2 12-speed group set lighter than that trek madone slr and that makes a decision to choose a tcr in the company's range even trickier when you have all the aerial performance and only a small weight penalty compared to the old days where aero robots were definitely much heavier and i've ridden the bike review linked above it does worry really well fast great handling and a comfort seems to be near the best in the class looks great too good design no crazy area gimmicks and giants usual value of money should make this one of the best contenders in 2023 for a fast lightweight good looking aero race bike away from aero to the world of endurance bikes are really popular with us me immortals we want maximum comfort for riding day in day out and one of the big contenders in 2023 is your new candle synapse the synapse has long been a popular model in this endurance category and one of my personal favorites as well but the new bike is a big step change from the previous model with an error makeover that looks modern and should be faster of more interest to us mere mortals it's a factor space where a 35mm wide tire front and rear we don't have a press fit bottom bracket anymore we now have a threaded button bracket on a candle round of applause everybody and we have mud guard mouse as well so really neat sensible real world features i can definitely get on board with the downside to new synapse perhaps possibly is a bold attempt to make daytime running light a key feature of the new bike so a front and rear lights and a battery all all baked into a frame design but the downside you can't easily upgrade replace the light for your own personal preference leaving like a smart sense to one side it's a fantastic riding bike you can see my detail first ride linked above it's definitely faster definitely more responsive than the old bike but thankfully the smoothness the comfort is just so good so if riding long sporties ground fondos on crappy road surfaces making this a fantastic option if you want comfort and speed [music] another very popular endurance road bike it's a track demani which has been fully updated for 2023 that's a really nice changes firstly it got on a diet and saved a ton of weight i claimed 300 grams on a frame which readjusted one of the downfalls of the old track demanding as well as the road as good as a performance and comfort was the weight was an issue it's definitely on the portly side so the weight improvements are definitely appreciated one of the reasons for the weight saving is a front iso speeded coupler has gone but thankfully the bike retains the class leading 38 mil tie clearance and down tube storage the rear ice speed remains but sadly is no longer adjustable which is a shame but you do say wait as a result thankfully the changes on the slr filter down to the more affordable sl model where it's a massive 700 gram weight saving very impressive indeed now i haven't ridden a new domain yet there is a review coming on the channel very soon so make sure you're subscribed if you want to see that and you see my review of the previous generation damani by checking that video linked up above all these improvements and changes definitely an exciting option for 2023 back to speed focus bikes and way back in the early 2000s the original cervelo solos was one of the first game-changing aero road bikes a road bike i borrowed all the aero from a time trial bike and for 2023 well savello had brought it back and it looks fantastic as well interestingly the new bike isn't positioned at a top level money no object race bike has so many new bikes are because they already have the s5 for that but instead the new soloist is a bike aimed at being more accessible and dare i said more affordable with prices starting from 3 000 pounds and topping out at seven thousand pounds still a lot of money but a long way short of a 13 000 pounds of some range shopping bikes so a new bike is lighter but not as aero as the s5 and more error than the r5 there's arena details that should make it easier to live with and do maintenance on at home so for example they kept a regular two-piece hannah buying stem with very simple internal cable routing that goes underneath the stem so you can change the handlebar change the stem to get your fit just right and then add in space for a 34 mil wide tires so great for rough road comfort or even dare i say it light gravel and you have a bike that looks great should be fast pretty lightweight and won't cost an absolute fortune and a really exciting and interesting option for 2023 [music] easily the most extreme what they think in road bike for 2023 is the all-new updated yankee ultra it is truly a big departure from the old bike which in my opinion and i'm sure you'd agree was a very good looking handsome road bike the new bike clearly takes inspiration from the cebello s5 where raised and split handlebar but most controversial are the air deflectors small flats on the head tube apparently inspired by the motorsport world but not use illegal as it turns out so if and when the new bike appears and the pro pads on expect these air deflectors to stay in the mechanics toolbox they do look cool though and definitely a talking point the whole bike saves a claim that is 17 watts over the old model but a 50 kilometer per hour so very pro level speed that rather than any real world speed what that difference is at 30 or 35k now is anybody's guess but probably a lot less than 17 watts now this bike is so new that nobody has ridden it yet and there are no reviews out there yet hopefully i will get my hands on one for review very soon and i can't wait to see how it rides the old bike was a fantastic performance by one i rode really nicely you get that great comfort from the canterville technology good geometry as well so hopefully this new bike retains the essence of the old bike and i haven't lost that in that pursuit of aero and extra speed that a new bike clear looks to go after the canyon ultimate is a modern classic it's been around for years and years it hasn't really changed that much but it's an easy choice does everything you want from a road race bike the new bike doesn't mess with the formula but improves in a few areas to make it more refined to be the perfect all-round xl everywhere road bike light enough aero enough stiff enough that works in the mountains works on flat rows for racing and grand fundos the new bike has a few small but key changes we now have four internal k routing with a brand new handlebar and stem something many people wanted from the old bike there's also space for a 32 meter wide tire in line with many other bikes like a giant tcr and a special atomic so7 and would you believe it you can fit a wide gravitar if you really want to link to that video link above definitely an interesting experiment probably wouldn't recommend it but you can if you really want to it's clay to be more aero than the old bike but have to be going now 45 kilometer per hour to get the claimed a 5 watt drag saving that for the rider on board so really small saving nothing to get excited about at all it shows how they haven't really chased aero on the new platform and really left aero to the air road in their range the geometry is racier than the old model more in line with the air road that really fits the purpose of a race bike but my experience is good when you aren't racing a really nice fit and geometry and it's also a lightweight bike you're looking at 6.3 kilograms clean for the range chopping cfr model and thankfully prices start for the cssl from just over 2 600 pounds so really good affordable model three tiers cfsl cfs legs in the middle and then cfr at the top and see my review of the cf slx versus ram forced screw set by checking that video linked above the scott foil is one of the original aero road bikes launched way back in the early 2000s but for 2023 it's a regular new bike that apparently pushes the limit of the new user rules as far as possible and the result is a bike claimed to be 20 faster 90 lighter and 10 comfier very impressive indeed it's a bike that apparently makes the most of the usai relaxing in some of its rules around a frame design a rare rare thing indeed so most noticeably something called compensation triangles between the main dungeons are now loud and the biggest example is a one on a bottom bracket that shelf between the seat tube and a down tube extra comfort comes courtesy of space with 30mm tires and then a really clever seat pose inside the fairing for aeroness we have a skinny d-shaped seat post provide more comfort than a fat seat pose on his own very very neat and a sort of detail we expect from scott hopefully a new bike with that seat post and wide tires obviously a smooth ride than the old boy and doesn't trade in comfort in pursuit of aero because definitely one of the more aero looking road bikes available right now aero and lightweight don't usually go hand in hand there's usually compromise somewhere but german brown cubes brand new lightning air c68x aimed to change all that the top end model of a new bike comes in at a claimed 6.6 kilograms which is very impressive and makes it one of the lightest aero road bikes you can currently buy so the frame is brand new but it's not an out and out aero road bike the company still has a full air bike in a range this is aimed as a lightweight aero crossover in the mold of a specialized tarmac sl7 so brand new frame weighs a claim 799 grams which is lighter than a typical 900 grams or so of an aero frame such as scott foil i showed you earlier and as you can see from the pictures the two profiles are all smaller than a typical error race bike but i still have a truncated profile to reduce drag so really exciting bike and as usual the cube there five money is really good so a shimano ortegra dit bike will take you back just six thousand pounds which is really good [music] and now for something a little different something that isn't carbon fiber a super magnesium robot from u.s company vast this is a brand new r1 and you see my detail review by checking the video right up above now super magnesium isn't a super popular frame material yet but definitely could be in the future and has loads go for it when i wrote it i found the comfort and performance was fantastic lighter and aluminum almost as light as carbon fiber and a ride quality is smoother than aluminum and almost on a par for a good carbon fiber frame but at a fraction of the price for comparison you're looking at about 1200 pounds less than a similar equipped carbon fiber road bike so rigor value money great performance lightweight nice smooth ride quality all good things you want in a road bike if you enjoyed this video and you want to see some more of the best road bikes available right now then check this video right up here and don't forget to subscribe by hitting the button right here but that's all for now thank you so much for watching i'll see you again very soon  the industry might still be getting back up to speed post pandemic but there was no shortage of bike launches in this last year we're going to take a look at the new bikes that have impressed us the most the ones we'd recommend if you're after the latest and greatest that doesn't mean the most expensive sure we have some so-called halo bikes on our list but we've looked at value for money as well as pure performance and they're not all made of carbon thank you let's kick things off with a bike that is definitely in that halo category and that we would say is truly heavenly the colon argo c68s the perfect blend of tradition and technology this really is a next generation classic it's still handmade in italy as all the c series coronargos have been and is still made up of separate tubes rather than a monocoque this time though the lugs are incorporated into the tubes themselves for example the top tube includes the lugs that join it to the head tube and the seat tube giving it a smooth modern look cole nogo also offers a version with a 3d printed titanium lugs so that you can have a fully made to measure c68 it comes with a brand new cc-01 handlebar that will be used with other new colon argos in the future and so that you don't have to worry about the time-consuming job that is dismantling an integrated cockpit it comes with a ceramic speed headset that has a lifetime guarantee we gave the c68 five stars when we reviewed it if you're after the classiest superbike out there this has to be it as you'd expect it's reassuringly expensive with the frame set costing just over 5 000 pounds while the dura sdi 2 build that we reviewed is just under 12 and a half thousand pounds cannondale's new synapse comes with smart sense integrated lights and radar that run off a single battery this sort of a thing is commonly built into e-bikes but it's the first time we've seen a major player like cannondale implement it into one of its big selling models nadel says it's all about convenience and confidence and when we rode it we absolutely understood where it was going with it daytime running lights and rear-facing radar are two things that a lot of us don't leave home without and with this bike you actually can't leave home without them the bike itself has been completely redesigned and has a beautiful ride quality it has a classic endurance geometry the same as before but comfort has been improved it has clearance for 35 mil tires and according to cannondale offers the smoothest ride yet and we're inclined to agree you can buy the synapse carbon 4 without lights and radar but still smart sense compatible for 2 400 pounds with a tiagra spec or you can go right up to nine thousand pounds for the synapse rle with durase di2 and all the lights and radar game changer is an overused word but it's the only one to describe the synapse if you haven't heard of vast yet well you have now and we think you'll be hearing a lot more about this exciting new american brand in the future the vast r1 is made from magnesium tubing which it says is lighter than aluminum stronger than steel and is priced competitively against aluminum alongside the claim performance benefits magnesium is easier to recycle than aluminum and vast also uses fiber-based plastic free packaging and partnering with green worldwide shipping to offset the carbon emissions of its shipping so we've got strong light and cheap can we really expect all three or must we pick two as keep on treasure famously said the vos r1 list price of 2299 pounds and 99 pence is towards the cheaper end of high performance alloy bikes equipped with shimano 105 whilst the weight is 8.93 kilos towards the lighter end the weight to price ratio is actually really quite impressive we didn't test it long enough to be able to comment on the strength but there are some very industrial looking worlds holding the tubes together that could be a bit neater and don't look as if they will be breaking anytime soon the vast is in this list not just for the magnesium novelty factor it stands out as a great option at this price point on its own merit the fifth generation of the german brand's lightweight climbing bike is an evolution rather than a ground up redesign however what to the naked eye may look like minor refinements have yielded some major improvements according to canyon it lists the key areas where the new ultimate improves over its predecessor as better comfort and improved ergonomics with room up to 32 mil wide tires reduced drag saving up to a clean 10 watts for the frame set alone compared to the previous model invisible integration of cables and lines in an easy fitting cockpit with simple height and width adjustment and no steerer tube cutting needed and a very low weight acclaim 6.3 kilos for the flagship ultimate cfr di2 we rode it at its launch and were impressed by the refined ride quality and the new geometry which is now the same as the air roads but we also love that canyon has kept the ultimates instantly recognizable aesthetic in a world full of bikes with drop seat stays and deeply sculpted carbon the ultimate provides a breath of fresh air with its gentle lines classic looks and colorways pricing starts at 2699 pounds for the ultimate cf sl7 with mechanical shimano 105 and goes up to 10 899 pounds for the ultimate cfr etap with sram red axis and zip 353 nsw wheels the third iteration of british brand fairlight steel road bike is made from reynolds 853 and 725 tubes all custom made for the brand and it's these two profiles that make it something really special the triple butted top tube made from reynolds 853 is particularly distinctive it's fully ovalized which fairlights say is a critical component in its desire to deliver a comfortable ride and if you're really looking for luxury the rear dropouts are made in partnership with bentley the impressive workmanship and attention to detail are mirrored throughout the trail every area of the bike seemingly has a clear purpose which is then beautifully executed few added details complete the strayer's thoughtful design mounts for mud guards a rear rack and an extra bottle cage on the underside of the down tube a modular cable guide system that works across mechanical group sets as well as shimano di2 and sram etap and internal routing for a dynamo light on the carbon fork to ride it excels across the board with a connectivity to the road that inspires confidence whether you're cruising along or looking to put the hammer down the frame set costs just under 1400 pounds while the ultegra build we reviewed goes for 3099 pounds it's fairly priced for a bike that will last you well beyond 2023 or even 2033 [music] hang on isn't this the bike that cycling journalists always claim was the first ever aero road bike back in the early noughties well yes and no the soloist has come back as what cevello says is an affordable practical bike for what it calls the weekend week out amateur racer it's a touch lighter than the s5 and significantly more aerodynamic than the r5 according to cervelo there are a few similarities to the latest caledonia in there too including the dropped rear stays which allow up to 34 mil wide tires you can buy the caledonia with cable operated gearing but the soloist undercuts it by a few hundred pounds the soloist 105 retails for 3 000 pounds while the ultegra spec model cost 3 500 pounds while we'd never try to convince anyone that this isn't still a large sum of money to spend on a bicycle it does make the soloist far more affordable than civello's other race focused offerings the most expensive models are equipped with shimano duro sti 2 and sram force rival etap axis and a 6800 and 7 100 pounds respectively around half as much as the top s-works ethos wow [music] track overhauled the domane's iso speed suspension system in the pursuit of reduced weight and greater simplicity it's now a rear end system only and it's non-adjustable with trexane domane users told them that the adjustability function was rarely used slr builds are as much as 700 grams lighter than the outgoing models while sl builds shave around 300 grams off the total weight you might think this will make the bike lighter but at the expense of comfort not so says trek it claims the iso speed on the new bikes is set to mirror the previous system in its most comfortable setting this bike is too new for us to have tested but earlier in the year when we reviewed the outgoing version we said it was the smoothest thing on two wheels but its weight had crept up over the nine kilo mark that was really our only criticism pricing starts at 3 300 pounds for the new domani sl5 which features bontrager paradigm sr wheels and a mechanical shimano 105 group set and it goes up to 12 500 pounds for the red etap axis slr9 so we have incredibly high hopes for the fourth generation damani and despite not having ridden it yet ourselves we'll stick our necks out and include it in our best road bikes for 20 23 well there we have it that's our roundup for what we think are the best road bikes for 2023 do let us know though what's on your list is there anything you've got your eye on that maybe we haven't included here let us know down in the comments if you've enjoyed the video then drop it a like subscribe to the channel for more content and we'll see you again very soon [music] [applause]  this video is sponsored by squarespace you don't have to spend 12 000 pounds on a brand new road bike so in this video i picked six amazing samples of road bikes that cost about 2 000 pounds or two thousand dollars and demonstrate that you can get amazing performance whether you're going road racing doing a grand fondo or just want to ride for fun and fitness now before we dive into the first example it's worth talking a little bit about what to expect at its price range to help you make the right choice there are a few decisions and the big one is a frame material you can definitely get a carbon road bike at its price point and pick some good examples later in the video but it's worth remembering that carbon frames at its price range are often quite a bit heavier than the top end flagship covered frames you definitely won't get a 700 gram frame at a price point they're more likely 900 grams to a thousand grams or often over a kilogram even though on a surface on the outside they look the same the other popular frame material at this price point is aluminum or alloy for short and often doesn't have the best reputation compared to carbon but it shouldn't be discounted modern alloy frames offer a fantastic ride quality plenty of stiffness so good for racing and pretty lightweight as well and sometimes as light or lighter than a cheaper carbon frame the other big decision is in the component and the group set the gears and brakes on the bike and really they're one option shimano they are king at its price point and neither sram or cam pack of any auctions at a price point so shimano all the way but within the toronto range you had quite a few options from the best valley offering a shimano ultegra mechanical shifting group set as i'll show you in a few minutes and then down to 105 so old 11 speed 105 mechanical or sometimes tiagra which is a company's fourth tier group set and then other parts on a bike shows bikes in the price range are good upgrade options because sometimes the wheels the tires the finishing kits so the seat posts the saddle handlebar and stem aren't the highest quality concessions and compromises do have to be made to get a bike down to the price point but that means plenty of upgrade options down the path and new wheels and tires are often away get more performance and more comfort from a bike at its price point so if we're bearing in mind what's most important to you the overall package or a high quality framing upgrade in the future plenty of options to consider through the rest of this video and we dive in with probably the best value bike in this category the giant teasia advance one now the reason i'm recommending the giant is because personally i think they offer fantastic performance ride quality and value money i own a mid-range giant teaser advanced pro you might see it on the channel i'll put a few links down below a fabulous bike does everything you want probably not the sexiest bike brand in the world but one you definitely buy over your head but when it comes to valley well this bike is hard to beat so you have a really nice carbon frame and fork space with 32 meter wide tires internal key routing for the most part and then a shimano ortegra 11 speed mechanical shifting hydraulic disc brake group set so not the new 12-speed electronic stuff but the previous generation group sets which in my humble opinion is one of the best ever made i did a video on it about two years ago linked down below and it really is a fantastic group set good shifting good brakes no battery to charge up it just works so even more reason to rush out and buy the bike right now while it's still available and even more so as it's on offer you even get nice tubeless ready wheels and tires but definitely an area of the bike you can upgrade put some nice deep session carbon wheels in there and you have a bike race racing or doing sport teams the bike i can hand the heart recommend fantastic ride quality does everything you want and a value from the bike it's just fantastic so we could stop the video here but don't got a few more good options for you to consider as well foreign choice because they've made a name in value for money and also high quality and high performance bikes and here they have a few interesting options their endurase offers a carbon frame with a shimano 105 disc brake mechanical group set for this price so the endurance is a endurance bike hence a name with a more relaxed geometry so more upright fit and position which makes it a comfy bike good for long rides sporties and ground fondos and it also has space for 35 mil wide tires so loads of options for a comfy smooth ride now if you want something a bit racier like a tcr perhaps from canyon then the cheapest ultimate which is their flagship race bike doesn't quite hit our price band but if you're prepared to spend about 150 pounds more you can get a nice ultimate that entry level model or their cheapest model in this range so the ultimate is very similar to the enduros they both have a carbon frame but it also it has a more aggressive geometry so a shorter head tube for a lower stack and a slightly longer reach so a bit more stretched out a bit more aero that may suit you it may not depends on what you're doing if you're racing the ultimate is a better choice if doing grand fundos and right for fun and leisure then that endurance is probably a better pig especially with the wider tires the bike can take looking through the track range and they don't actually offer a carbon fiber bike at its price point and the best offering in this price range is the imonda al4 now the amanda is their lightweight platform comes in carbon fiber at a pricey end and aluminum or alloy at the lower end and not many bike brands do aluminum or do aluminum really well but trek is one of the few buy brands still investing and still supporting aluminum that's a really good option it's well on the budget at 1750 pounds as well but you only get a shimano tiagra group set now tiagra is shimano's fourth tig group set underneath jewelries ultegra and 105 it's a 10-speed group set so not 11 or 12 and mechanical shifting with higher joint disc brake and the worst thing about a group so really it sounds a bit heavier than a group that's above it but in terms of performance functionality and ergonomics it works just fine so not a group set to be discounted but the amanda with the aloe frame and the tiagara group isn't as good value on paper as a bikes i've already mentioned but it's quite a bit cheaper and some people at its price range might prefer aluminum it's potentially more bomb proof uh nice fragile as carbon fiber antiagra is a reliable workhorse group set and like the aerobics you can upgrade the wheels and tires they make a bit flashier and a bit sportier as well and the geometry on the track is fantastic as well so great handling basically the same handling as you get from the higher end carbon fiber amanda but a slightly heavier package now before we talk about why specialized doesn't offer a road bike in its price range let me tell you about today's sponsor squarespace squarespace is the best platform for building a brand new shiny slick website it really can be simpler takes minutes and the whole interface is fantastic really easy to use so if you need a website for your bike shop want to grow your presence online you're running a cool bike brand you need a website to show off your products in beautiful glory or you're a photographer any nice gallery to show off your photos with squarespace it couldn't be any easier the squarespace interface is really easy to use super intuitive drag and drop click and edit and there's loads of templates to choose from working up and running really quickly you've got loads of powerful analytical tools you plug in your social media channels very easy and around the clock support if anything goes wrong but it won't because that if you need a website in 2023 squarespace is a platform for you and you get 10 discount off your first purchase right now using my special code and link down below in the description now looking through the specialized range and it's really interesting that they don't actually offer a road bike in this price range which seems crazy there's no tarmac there's no alley at its price range where you can buy an alley frame that's not a whole bike but if you look to a diverge range which is a gravel and avenger bike lineup you can get the bike in price and it might seem a bit crazy including a gravel avenger bike in this category or road bike but here in the uk especially many people are lean towards gravel and adventure bikes as road bikes it's a nice fat slick tires you have the more upright precision and the easier gears which make them perfect for road riding when the road conditions are terrible in terms of potholes and gravel we rise to the rain and snow here in the uk and you're riding on narrow lanes as well not nice smooth well maintained tarmac road so gravel and adventure bike if you're looking for more comfort more versatility and more practical options might be good pay compared to other race bikes i've talked about so far so with a diverge elite e5 you get a nice alloy frame a cover fork no future shock suspension probably not a bad thing and a shimano grx400 group set so hydraulic disc brakes and mechanical shifting so an interesting option a bit of a curveball perhaps but definitely want to consider if your aspirations are more comfort and long distance than racing and high speed and marginal gains foreign ers or vitus is a chain reaction cycles house brand and offers amazing and values money and some really sleek looking bikes i've got some coming in for review very soon so make sure you stay tuned to see those a sub to channel hitting that button down below would be fantastic but this bike looks a good option definitely fits our category in this price range for sure so i called the xenium crs not a bike i've ridden but on paper looks really good and i have seen some good reviews of the bike elsewhere like a giant tcr there is space with 32 meter wide tires are good for rough road comfort re a race bike you max out of comfort and smoothness on for sure the frame is also uci certified should you want to go racing as well but a new size sticker just means it beams through a series of tests where mass to you depends on your aspirations for road riding and being chain reaction cycles you can buy it online have delivered to your house in a big box anywhere in the world as well and they're regularly doing sales as well so worth checking out if you want a bike on a good budget now hands up if you've heard or rose of bikes some of you have some of you haven't they're a german bike shop now a german bike brand and very popular for good value money and well-designed bikes they often go under the radar which is a shame but over the years i have reviewed quite a few of the bikes but not here in the channel thanks to you break it but that aside they are good bikes and i hope to review some on the channel in the future so this is a pro sl disc and you get a really nice looking carbon frame it's really modern and one of the standout features is the full internal care routing now internal k routing is a feature on top end bikes good or bad some people love some people hate it depends on your point of view in terms of maintenance and durability and just ease of living with such a bike but it's now coming to lower end bikes and this pro sl disc is the only bike in the video to have full internal care routing so in that way it looks modern looks expensive and looks high-end we also have internal sea compass where i was a whole bite looks super clean super sleek and emphasizing the value of money offered by rose we have a shimano ultegra 11 speed mechanical shifting hydraulic disc brake group set the same as on a giant teaser at a top of the video earlier so not the new charles lee stuff the older generation group set but just as good as you need these days so fantastic group sets a good option on a really high end looking carbon frame if you enjoyed this video and want to see a roundup with some more expensive bikes costing about three thousand pounds see what difference they offer over bikes in the video do check out that video right up here and don't forget to subscribe by hitting the button right here but that's all today i'll see you again next time thank you so much for watching  this video is sponsored by squarespace the development and the rise in popularity of aerodynamic race bikes has been an interesting one ever since the original cervelo soloist arrived on the scene and changed the game forever now clearly the bikes are popular with pros paid to win races because marginal gains do matter the difference between winning and losing can often be very very small indeed but for us mere mortals these bikes are still very appealing for a simple thrill of speed they offer and putting all the marketing claims for these bikes to one side what their bikes offer me at the end of the day is an excitement a thrill a sensation and bikes are ultimately are fun to ride and for me personally that is more important than saving a few seconds so in this video i picked six amazing air bikes that i personally would consider if i was in a market for a new bike this year i put links and price down below in the description section so you can check them out further after the video so without further ado let's dive in one of the most exciting new aerodynamic race bikes in my opinion is a brand new fully updated the giant propel you saw it last year here at just ride bikes a link to it down below and it is a fantastic looking air bike and way better than the company's previous effort with a giant propel where you have a very nice looking frame horizontal level top tube clearly aero in a down tube the fork profiles and the rear stays and a brand new internal k routing with an all-new handlebar and stem that's much simpler and much easier to work on for the home mechanic and adjust a bike fit than the old design which had the cables going over the top of the stem into the frame so much better solution and a much better looking bike as a result and also a much lighter bike as well with a range topping dur hdi2 spec coming in at 6.9 kilograms on my scales for a size ml so we are finally getting to a point where aerodynamic race bikes proper aero bikes are now truly lightweight yes we have aero crossovers like the pinarello dogma f and a specialized tarmac sl7 which are pretty lightweight they're not pure aero race bikes and the way the giant propel is and the great thing about the propel is it's a very conventional design no holes in a seat tube or any other jazz like that a very simple very solid design and with giant engineering and manufacturing know-how it should be a reliable biker as well yes we have a press bit bottom bracket but it is a more reliable bb86 standard at least and giant of course are good value for money although this is more expensive than we can receive from giant in the past the price is definitely more appealing than ever more mainstream brands so definitely a good option if i'm buying an aero bike in 2023 this will be at the top of my shortlist for sure if it's good enough if it's good enough for matia vanderpol then it probably good enough for you and i yes the canyon air road it's definitely on a short list for new era bikes in 2023 recently updated we now have four internal k routing on the cf slx and the cfr the two range chopping models while the entry-level cfsl does with normal external k routing it's not the most radical or futuristic or extreme looking air bike and neither in my experience is it the fastest out there but it is a very fast bike nonetheless and a bike that offers pretty good comfort despite those massive deep profiles as well the bike they'll need to look after on a long ride on rough roads for sure and you also get a collateral handlebar that makes it easier to travel with than other bikes in this category and that's ideal if you've got an early season training camp or you want to go traveling or your aero race bike because those internal k routing systems can be tricky to disassemble to put in a bike bag and despite price rises canyon are still good value money and no need to go to bike shop the bike is delivered to your front door in a box civello ugly started a whole aero race bike genre way back in the early 2000s with the original sailors and the s5 is their most aero race bike to date been around for about 10 years now but has definitely evolved quite a lot over the years and the latest version is one of the most radical and extreme looking error bikes all thanks to a v-shaped riser handlebar and thanks to jumbo fisma clear one of the fastest bikes in the pro peloton right now and if you want a bike they're proven in the world tour without a stamp of approval then there's clearly a good option despite the rifle v-shaped handlebar the new version has claimed to be easy to work on than the old bike to ideal for home mechanics or privateer raters and also easy to make fit adjustments for as well something that's pretty tricky with one piece handlebars and stems you're pretty tied in to what the bike comes with but sevilla says a new bike it's easier to make adjustment too so that is a good thing this new version also makes use of the latest uci rules around two profiles and a three to one rule so we have a deeper down tube deeper bottom bracket and a much deeper head tube than the old bike to improve the aero over the previous model so a faster bike overall with very little downside and a weight has also been improved well although it's not one of the lightest bikes coming in about 8.2 kilos for a top end model so fast yes rifle for sure but definitely not the lightest and quite a bit heavier than that giant propel but with spaced with 34 mil wide tires this could be a buyer that really excels away from racing and the local rough roads that most of us have to deal with but we're still going to ride as fast as possible with a markum of comfort now before we carry on any further this video is sponsored by squarespace a new year means a shiny new website and with squarespace it really can be simpler so if you need a new website for your bike shop your cool bike brand or you just want to start blogging with squarespace it really could be simpler you've got an intuitive interface very simple to use loads are called templates that you customize your heart's content round-the-clock support and loads and loads of powerful tools as well it really can be simpler quicker or easier and more affordable thanks to a 10 discount and a free trial by using a code and link down below in the description okay let's carry on like civello scott we're right there at the beginning of the birth of the aero race bike category with the original foil i remember testing the bike and being blown away with a speed offered over traditional round tube bikes over time but at one big downside was a comfort it was a rigid harsh experience but thankfully air bikes in that regard in terms of comfort have improved a lot over the past 10 years or so and there's new scotville where the big departure from that original and definitely shown that program address of air enhancements on the new version and not only is it more error than the old bike but it's also much lighter which is a good thing with a weight of about 7.4 kilograms not the lightest in the world but definitely lighter than that cervelo solos as an example so let's wait it's good when you encounter climbs which most of us have to deal with unless you live somewhere flat like the netherlands where you just have headwinds to deal with instead one of my favorite things about scott as a brand is their attention to detail and doing things really smartly and very neatly an example of that on the new foil is a brand new seatpost they have an elasma section built into the top of the seat post to provide more comfort and more smoothness on rough roads so it's a really neat way of adding more comfort without doing anything really complex to the frame like say putting a hole in the seat tube there's then space for up to 28 mil wide tires not the most generous in the aero bike category and a geometry is the same as the addict rc race bike so handling should be responsive fast and agile it's just what you want for a race bike aero bikes definitely make a statement of intent and none make quite a statement as the new or bear orca arrow which i reviewed on a channel about a year ago linked our review down below one of the most extreme looking air bikes i've ever ridden and definitely a bike that pushes the rules to the absolute limit as you can see on screen now the bike has an aero water bottle which is pretty standard on time trial bikes but then we have this belly downtooth storage area on the bottom of the down tube which is something i've never seen on a road bike before we have integration of storage on mountain bikes holes in the down tube for snacks and tools by noticing anything like this on a road bike thankfully you can remove the down tube storage and the aero water bottle and put a normal setup on which you have to do to make it use illegal because with a bit fitted it isn't use illegal but with these bits fitted it's apparently much faster than without so if you want maximum aero i don't mind how it looks there's definitely a bike to choose and consider for 2023 little bear orca era has all the usual aero tricks as well a nice level top tube because more aero than a drop one we have a seat tuber really hugs the rear wheel as does a down tube so rear aero and almost like a tone trial by with drop handlebars we then have internal key rooting but with a two-piece handlebar and stem giving you plenty of fit adjustment on a front end so you're not locked into a one-piece handler by a stem like there's so many other air bikes so maybe a small trade-off in pure aero and looks as well but being able to change the stem or handlebars to get the setup you want is definitely a good thing in my opinion easily one of the most divisive new bikes launched in the past few months but also one of the most popular air bikes of the past few years the track mode has been a good choice if you want speed and good comfort thanks to your i speed decoupler but on the new 7th generation madone that feature has gone and been replaced by the isoflow the hole in a seat tube that apparently conte claims gives the same compliance and comfort as the old bike with the isolated coupler but also saves a bunch of weight the new bike is much lighter than the old bike which is a good thing the bike was a bit poorly before and also apparently improves the aero but most of the arrow series actually come from a new handle by a stem much narrower than the old bike and really sleek looking as well they save a bunch of weight in that area alone giving over 300 grams between a frame and a handlebar as them it's a bike that looks rifle definitely gets loads of attention when you're out riding it in my experience and the real talking point whenever you stop at a cafe or a set of traffic lights and while many air bikes are increasingly looking the same the fact they look so different and i think it looks cool it's not a bad thing at all and so far there have been no concerns around structural durability of that unique iso flow setup and if you watch my review on the track mode link that video down below you'll know i found an amazing fast bike with fantastic handling really nice and stable at high speeds which are more easy achieved on the bike and a sensational speed even the wind tunnel is not quite as fast as i would have thought it'd be it's still amazing it just builds up speed really quickly really easily and maintains those higher speeds more easily compared to other bikes strava doesn't lie this is a quick buy let's quick goes quick but it's very expensive hopefully there'll be an sl version which brings all the technology to a low price one thanks to a low-grade carbon fiber sometime in 2023 if you're watching this video you might be wondering if an air bike is really worth it and worth the upgrade over a non-aero race bike well all things being equal an aero frame will be more aero and therefore faster or save you watts at every speed compared to a non-aero round two frame and the difference is between between their two frames will vary depending on the brand and the model and the difference is between a two byte but generally all things being equal they will be faster or safely drag at different speeds now it's worth remembering that when you're riding a bike about 80 of the drag you face is from your body the rider is the biggest bulk of the air assistance you face when riding at every speed above about 15 miles per hour where aero really kicks in and the faster you go the bigger the gains become which is why most air bites come attached with big claims made for speeds in excess for 40 45 or 50 kilometers per hour because the games make those highest speeds are easier to extract and also because of pro pattern rise at those speeds often much faster but it's worth remembering that the gains are also achievable at low speeds from 15 miles per hour so about 20 to 25 kilometers per hour the games might be lower than at 50 kilometers per hour but the gains will still be there and it's not always about going faster it's about saving watts at those low speeds so you arrive fresher less fatigued at the end of your ride but providing you've optimized your fit your clothing you've got deep section wheels and error helmets and other bits and bobs an error frame would definitely be the final step in unlocking your full potential over a non-aero frame  [music] there are plenty of brilliant road bikes to look forward to in 2023 from carbon aero racers that will thrive in the tour de france to titanium all-road machines which you'll have to sell a kidney to afford while most of these bikes were launched in mid to late 2022 the bike industry is lagging behind with supply so some of these bikes are yet to actually hit the shelves let's hope that they're a bit faster than that on the road all of these bikes will turn heads but which is your favorite let us know down in the comments below and i'm sure you'll let us know if your favorite machine isn't included rub your eyes and look again no giant hasn't just bolted the front end of an aero bike to the back half of a ttr this is the latest version of the propel and also one of last year's worst kept secrets in cycling we first saw shots of the propel on instagram before team bike exchanges dylan gronovegan and michael matthews went and won very different stages of the tour de france on it those winds are super fast sprint and a punchy climb would have been giant's dream scenario for pr perfection as they backed up their claims with the new propel namely that you can have aero and lightweight in a single package for example the dreamy jura ace spec that we tested tips the scales at only 6.91 kilos so if you have a secret don't trust giant with it but you might want to give them your cash if you're after a bike that can climb and sprint with the best [music] while aero is great we're all about shiny things here at bike raider and the new vermouth crd from moot is some serious titanium temptation with round tubes and seat stays that run beautifully into the top tube moots has made this titanium dream fully integrated for the cleanest look and to that end the crd is compatible only with electronic group sets to keep that seamless look the hydraulic hoses are rooted through an envy aero stem before passing through the chris king arrow set upper headset bearing the vamut crd retains the double-butted rsl titanium tube set as well as the 3d printed dropouts the brand is renowned for the latter apparently helps to save weight while adding to axle stiffness moots are stuck with an 86.5 millimeter wide t47 bottom bracket for screw in simplicity giving you space for plush 32 millimeter tires and they've opted for a 27.2 millimeter seat post to make things easy for the customer what isn't easy is finding at least thirteen thousand dollars to buy one ouch possibly the most radical road design that we've seen in years the trek madone introduced the whole also known as isoflow it aims to reduce the effect of the trailing low pressure zone behind the bike and rider reducing your overall drag in real terms the scores on the doors are that this bike is 19 watts more aerodynamically efficient at 45 kilometers per hour you've just got to get to 45 kilometers per hour first actually you don't even have to be doing pro speeds to see the aero benefits trek says that you'll see savings at 35 kilometers per hour which is much more attainable to the average rider trek sega fredo's pro riders like ellen van dyke contributed to the design so it's no surprise to see that this is a go faster bike which excels in bunch racing if you manage to draw your eyes away from the hull you'll find that trek has kept some of the important stuff the same the geometry is based around trek's h 1.5 fit slotting in between the old pro racer h1 and more comfortable h2 geometry that you'll find on trex domane sl and slr endurance road bikes there's also a new handlebar system which trex says puts the rider in a more aerodynamic position in fact this new bar does a lot of the heavy lifting when it comes to making you faster it's claimed that the bar helps to save 9.3 watts or around half of the overall claimed saving and it does this by reducing the bar width of the hood by a whopping three centimeters so if you're buying a madone be prepared to get rather narrow it certainly worked for trex pro team with mads pederson taking a stage win at the tour de france but we probably joined the majority of you as seeing this bike as the one with the hole in it envy has been a rather desirable brand for years but they have only recently moved into the world of making frame sets typically for envy their melee isn't a budget option with frame sets starting at a cool five and a half thousand dollars the monocoque melee follows on from envy's custom road which as the name suggests focused on allowing customers to configure their bike to their specific needs while the custom road is made in the us the melee is built overseas this bike pushes what we define as a road bike and really it slides into the all-road category where you'll typically find a racy geometry combined with enough tire clearance for well-graded gravel roads here you've got space for 35 millimeter tires and envy will even treat you to some of their real world aero with the melee optimized for riding speeds in the 32 to 40 kilometers per hour range you might only be saving 2 watts at the lower end but over the course of a big day on the bike that will add up away from air claims the melee oozes the bling factor and we're not expecting to see a huge number of these bikes on the local club run so if you're after something a little bit unique then this would be an option for those with deep pockets [music] [applause] as i cast my mind back to the heady days of 2007 i can remember the first road race bike that i really fell in love with watching the csc riders on their civello soloist bike complete with fancy deep carbon wheels left me wide-eyed and yearning for a spare five thousand dollars by that time the soloist was an established model pushing the development of carbon as a frame material back in 2002 when we first saw the soloist savella revolutionized aero by using actual naca air refoils for the aluminum tube shapes rather than mere approximations what a time to be alive after a period where cevelo ditched the soloist in favor of the s and r models my first true love is back on the scene in a classic disney remake and while the price for the top end model has more than doubled the more significant thing is the soloist rebranding from air eraser to an aero or rotor for all the highest spec soloist has ultegra ti2 and the range starts with a mechanical 105 edition showing that the bike is aimed more at amateur racers than the pros civello being savello you'll find a bb right bottom bracket though helpfully for the home mechanic this is of the t47 variety that we first saw on the r5 cx cyclocross bike during his review of the ultegra di2 model senior tech editor warren rossiter sang the praises of the soloist saying that he loved the smooth ride and front-end simplicity that should make the bike lovely to own could only own one which would you buy and what bytes just had to be on this list that we've left out let us know down in the comments below if you want more brilliant bikes we took a look at eight of the best from the gravel world championships before you go remember to hit the like button subscribe to support the channel and we'll see you in the next one  hello and welcome back to just ride bikes now if it's comfort you crave when riding a road bike and who doesn't want a bit of comfort these days well you need an endurance road bike these are bikes with bigger tire clearance relaxed geometry easier gears and often have a compliance features like bendy carbon seat posts and suspension stems designed to give a smoother more relaxing easier and more pleasant ride experience than a road race bike they're often based on and despite the popularity and rise of gravel bikes endurance bikes are still really really popular and most bike brands offer a range of choice but with so much choice with so many options where do you start well lucky for you i picked 10 of the best in today's video although i'm wearing a jumper i'm not sponsored by candle but the synapse has long been a popular endurance road bike and an easy bike to recommend but for 2023 there is a brand new bike and in my experience it's a faster sportier ride than the old bike but retain the smoothness and that easy gear in geometry that made it all bike so popular the all-new frame is much more aero than the old bike but it's still a space for up to 35 mil tires so you can fit some fat rubber and get a really cushy ride and also do some light gravel if you fancy as well thankfully we now have some really sensible details a threaded bottom bracket mud guard mount and a regular round seat post with an external seat clamp so really sensible details makes the bike easier to live with the only downside to a new bike is smart sense their name for a battery front and rear lights and radar built into the bike actually a hard wide bait into a frame in theory it's a great idea you had lights on a bike all the time daytime and night time and a raid for extra safety with one battery powering the whole lot so rather than three batteries yeah one single battery so if you buy into it it's a great concept but you can't buy into it well you can't easily remove it so a bit of a downside but remove that or ignore that and it is a fantastic buy smooth fast and great geometry [music] why some brands go for big tire clearance and bendy carbon seat pose and compliance built into the frame or fork like a john defy and bmc row machine later in the video will attract demonic slr we get the long running iso speed decoupler and essentially it separates the seat tube and seat post from the rest of the frame the top tube and the rear stays to allow the seat post and a saddle deflects back and forth more than it would do on a normal bike and they give more comfort when in a saddle and it really does work if one of those smooth running bikes from the saddle in my experience compared to most other bikes in this video that feature coupled to massive 38 mil tiger still the biggest in class potentially gives you one of those smooth riding endurance light gravel road bikes in the video and to ride it's a really planted bike fantastic road manage well balanced geometry plenty of comfort but still a sporty and engaging ride as well and thankfully for 2023 trek has addressed the weight issue of the old bike it was definitely on the heavy side and locked 3 hundred grams of the nearby so that lower weight should make it easier on the climbs when you're doing ground fondos and sportives as well as a massive tire clearance i previously mentioned we have down to you storage for snacks and tools a t47 bottom bracket and mud guard manager well making it a really versatile option [music] the specialized ruby is in my humble opinion at least one of the smoothest riding endurance road bikes you can buy right now it's all down to their future shock this is a very distinctive and very novel suspension underneath the stem at the front of the bike and the comforter delivers is incredible we have 20 mil of front suspension with a dies you can turn it on and off and it does deliver a fantastic ride and really filters out all the vibrations and robust compared to other bikes in their video meanwhile comfort in the saddle is also pretty good thanks to the power of a carbon seat post in an oversized seat tube allowing the flex back and forth more than a regular setup the balance front to rear is pretty good definitely smooth out the front and the bag but overall a good setup on the downside we only have space for 33 mil wide tires definitely at a narrow end of the spectrum compared to other bikes in this video but thankfully the future shock and that part of a sepo do deliver a smooth ride and offset the need for a bigger tire on their bike all that come comfort and their features are wrapped up in a lightweight frame definitely one of the lighter options here and an aero frame as well more air out in the company's old tarmac sl6 if their claims are to be believed so very fast very speedy bike and it's definitely a sportier racier feeling bite than ever bite in the video but that feature delivers a smooth ride where we're bashing down the arenberg cobbles or just your local rough lanes now since we're talking about new bikes in this video you'll have no doubt noticed that price of a new bikes have gone up steeply over the past two years or so after that the fact we're living through a cost of living crisis and we're rising inflation our disposal income for buying new bikes have been squeezed ever more so with all that in mind how nerve are we supposed to afford the new bikes we all want well you can do what 8 in 10 ultra high net worth figures are already doing a look at alternative assets outside the stock market and invest in fine art yes that's right fine art thank you today's sponsor masterworks we can all invest in fine arts without it costing millions that's because masterwork do all the hard work they select the artist purchase the art and securitize it when the painting sales so that means you benefit from a potential profit and so far masterworks has sold eight paintings achieving up to 33 net returns for a 600 000 members our new paintings being added every week shares are sending out a minute but you can get priority access just by click on the link down below in the description giant defy kind of goes under radar compared to other bikes in this category like the rube the domani and the synapse name three examples three really popular bikes in the video but a giant defy shouldn't be discounted for a start you get great value for money as you always do with giant and a really sensible gimmick free design and it's a lot smoother than a t-shirt thanks to the way the carbon frame and fork is allowed to flex and that defuse d-shaped common seat post and matching handlebar on this bike we also have space with 35mm wide tires you can go up to a nice wide tire and get a really smooth ride on the roughest roads you might encounter the defy has a more relaxed geometry than the company's ratio tcl and propel putting the handlebars higher and closer to you so you're not as stretched out and you're not as slammed in that aggressive racing position so the teaser is too racing for you the defy is probably the perfect bike for you canyon is tough to beat when it comes to a value for money and bank with buck and endurase is a great example where why raise your price points and three model tiers to choose from at the entry level is the al the alloy model with a really good price and component package then in the middle we have the cfsl which is the mid-range card model and then at the top the cf slx which is really light for an endurance road bike with big tire clones and that shows a little compromise despite the fact it's an endurance like it's still just as light as a road race bike the sport geometry on the endurance really lives up to a name and is a sporty ride definitely a racier ride than some other more laid back more sit-up and bait endurance bikes in this video so you want the endurance features in terms of comfort and wire tires but don't want that position being too high and too relaxed the injuries could be a good option it's definitely more relaxed than their ultimate but the difference isn't huge in my experience tire close is on the generous side so it's 35 mil max is plenty for most people buying a bike like this unfortunately there are no mud guard mounts so there's not the most versatile option especially for uk cyclists like a giant defy the enduros is a simple carbon frame and full lots of sculpting and shaping of the carbon fiber and of course the carbon fiber layer which you can't see within the frame itself but then the most unique feature on the bike is a leaf spring carbon fiber seat post or a vcls split seat post and allows way more flex than a normal rigid carbon seat post and is a big reason why is so smooth when you're sat in a saddle the front end isn't as smooth as the back end so not most balanced compared to say the specialized ruby but that rear end comfort is almost as good as the track to marinate with ice with a coupler but much simpler design i love how bmc bikes still managed to stand out in a crowded marketplace or bikes that increasingly look the same thanks to that re-angular design and a row machine inherits the same design language as a team machine race bike but more relaxed geometry and wide tire clips to give a smoother more comfort focus ride but still a sporty re-engaging and fun bike to ride the comfort mostly comes from space and wide tires and a frame and fork featuring what they call tune compliance concept i've always found the row machine on the thermo side of endurance comfort spectrum in my own testing nice move as a special ruby or attractive mining slr so if you like that extra level engagement from your road bike but you want that more lay back geometry and space wire tires then the row machine cuts arena balance it's definitely a bite to choose if you're lucky enough to have smooth roads and is that geometry and more relaxed fit you're after from your endurance road bike rather than a bite aimed at delivering a smooth ride on rear rough roads crappy seal roads and light gravel as well the company offers a wide range of options and i particularly love the x version with fatter tired and one by gearing for an already setup that were handled like gravel now the 33mm titles isn't the most generous of all the bikes in the video but probably enough for most people and if you want internal cable routing on your endurance bike then bmc happy obliges with their own integration system that's easy to work on unless you change a stem and handlebar if you're aim fit requirements most of the bikes in this video have been carbon fiber although some do offer an alloy option at the entry level and carbon fiber is popular in this category because we want a lightweight stiff aero focus frame but not everybody wants carbon fiber so here's an option with titanium the j laveric jack disc is a bite of fantastic smoothness from a three stroke 2.5 titanium frame yes not the cheapest option but it is a bike built for life it looks amazing and it rise as well as it looks fantastic geometry really looks after you a long ride on rough road surfaces and amazing comfort compared to carbon fire bikes in the category and it's packed full of details and it's fully customizable as well from a geometry to a specifications on it the build kit and away it looks too now titanium isn't the cheapest option in the world and quite often more expensive than carbon fiber but it's a lot cheaper than it used to be 10 or 20 years ago but it's still a desirable to you still exotic still very rare very unique finish and it is built to last it's a frame a material that will last you a lifetime now if titanium is too expensive you and too exotic then how about still i can't think of a better option than the fairlight cycles trail this is a beautiful renault 853 frame with some lovely details from the bentley dropouts that overlife top tube and a chunky carbon fork external bottom bracket mud guard mounts base of wire ties you fit dynamo front and rear well so reverse our option first summer riding sporties grand fundos all daxing touring with a rack and pan is this is a bike they can do oh the geometry is great for long rise with comfort and you have a choice of two stack heights with each frame size a tall and regular as well offering a high level customization than most other bikes in this video yes it's far from the cheapest option in this video i know but you want something a bit different a bit special something that'll really help you stand out outside of cafe on a sunday morning then the fairlight trail would definitely be that bike that company with such a rate focus background asavello with all race it says produce one of the most exciting and most on trend endurance bikes was a big surprise when launched a few years ago the caledona offers a fast and pacey ride thanks to a big dollop of inspiration from the r and s series race bikes but it's much more versatile you have space for 34 mil wide tires or 31 mil with mud guards yes this bike had mud gun mounts there are also two versions well the higher n5 has a lighter frame with full internal cable routing while the regular model has no more handlebars and stem the only downside is that the value of money isn't really the best here but if you can look past that the cardona is a really exciting a re-enticing option in the endurance all-road light gravel market great geometry really fast pacey ride and looks great too rather confusingly scott uses the name addict for his road race bike i can see in a pro peloton it's new gravel bike and also its endurance bike as well so let's make sure you're looking at the addict not the addict rc which is the race bike so the addict has a lot of inspiration from the race bike in terms of frame design carbon engineering integration and other features but with a wide tire clearance and more relaxed geometry you expect from an endurance bike the fact that scott is such a competition and race focused company reasshines through on a bike it's not the smoothest plushy ride in this video definitely on a firmer sporty end of the endurance bike category it definitely owes a lot to that rc road race bike definitely a fun bike and that competition really shows through in the integration on their bike the same integration the same internal cable routing with the same handlebar as stem as you get on the addict rc you do though get the more relaxed geometry compared to the attic rc with a higher stack a shorter reach longer wheelbase and a slacker head angle giving it a more stable planted ride on all surfaces and all speeds it's an easy bike to ride if you're doing a sporty or grand fondo or comfort is your main priority in terms of fit and position on the bike right if you enjoyed this video and you want to see some more of the best endurance road bikes currently available then do check out their video right here and don't forget to subscribe by hitting the button right here but that's all for today thank you so much for watching i see you again very soon "

----------

"kbb.com editors test drive hundreds of new cars every year and rank them based on factors like performance, value, safety, fuel economy, comfort level, features and more. 2023 chevrolet bolt euv. the honda civic is our compact car best buy for 2023. it\u2019s feature-rich, comfortable, looks good, drives well and is built on an established track record of resale value and reliability. 2023 hyundai elantra hybrid. the all-new 2023 honda accord looks all set to repeat history by taking the top spot in the midsize sedan class. 2023 honda accord hybrid. the 2022 toyota avalon full-size sedan is a roomy, comfy and well-equipped luxury car for people who don\u2019t want to pay luxury car prices. 2022 toyota avalon hybrid. the 2023 ram 1500 classic full-size pickup truck does the job and meets a need. that\u2019s why it\u2019s still sold alongside the newer model. the 2023 mazda mx-5 miata is the little sports car with the capacity for big fun. it has a perfect blend of handling, power, and affordability. 2023 mazda mx-5 miata rf. 2023 chevrolet corvette. drivers looking for a simple, affordable, and efficient commuter will appreciate the humble 2022 hyundai accent subcompact sedan. the 2023 toyota prius prime plug-in hybrid embarks on an all-new generation, with greater electric range, extra power, fresh technology, and more style than ever before. the redesigned 2023 kia niro hybrid enters its second generation. it is an ultra-efficient, user-friendly small car with ample passenger and cargo space, as well as dramatic new styling. 2023 kia niro plug-in hybrid. the all-new 2023 honda accord looks all set to repeat history by taking the top spot in the midsize sedan class. 2023 honda accord hybrid. the 2023 chevrolet corvette is the latest chapter in the story of a supercar. and this year marks the debut of the 670-horsepower z06. the 2023 mazda mx-5 miata is the little sports car with the capacity for big fun. it has a perfect blend of handling, power, and affordability. 2023 mazda mx-5 miata rf. 2023 porsche 718 cayman. 2022 mercedes-benz a-class. 2023 mercedes-benz e-class. 2023 mercedes-benz s-class. 2023 mercedes-benz e-class. 2023 chevrolet corvette. 2023 dodge challenger. 2023 honda civic type r. 2024 mini convertible. 2022 hyundai ioniq hybrid. 2023 hyundai elantra hybrid. 2023 chevrolet bolt ev. 2023 mercedes-benz mercedes-eq eqe. 2023 toyota prius prime. take a drive through time. every year, the experts at kelley blue book test and rate the latest cars to hit the market. check out the average ratings for each brand by model year from 2014 to the present.*. rather than pulling random numbers out of the air or off some meaningless checklist, kbb\u2019s editors rank a vehicle to where it belongs in its class.\n    before any car earns its kbb rating, it must prove itself to be better (or worse) than the other cars it\u2019s competing against as it tries to get you to spend your money buying or leasing. our editors drive and live with a given vehicle.\n    we ask all the right questions about the interior, the exterior, the engine and powertrain, the ride and handling, the features, the comfort, and of course, about the price.\n    does it serve the purpose for which it was built? (whether that purpose is commuting efficiently to and from work in the city, keeping your family safe, making you feel like you\u2019ve made it to the top \u2014 or that you\u2019re on your way \u2014 or making you feel like you\u2019ve finally found just the right partner for your lifestyle.). we take each vehicle we test through the mundane \u2014 parking, lane-changing, backing up, cargo space and loading \u2014 as well as the essential \u2014 acceleration, braking, handling, interior quiet and comfort, build quality, materials quality, reliability. roomy, comfortable, efficient, tech-savvy, and sometimes even fun to drive, today\u2019s midsize sedans deliver more bang for the buck than perhaps any other category of vehicles. it\u2019s no wonder they remain among the top-selling cars in the country. explore your 10 options below \u2014 listed in alphabetical order \u2014 or scroll past the cars to [\u2026]. here are the year\u2019s best sedans with starting sticker prices under $25,000. it\u2019s not always easy to get parents and students to agree, but this list of new cars can serve as common ground. 2020 genesis g70 starting price: $36,445 | price yours above average: optional manual transmission with the base engine; great warranty; good suspension balance between comfort and performance; plenty of standard equipment at all trim levels below average: rear seat space is a bit tight on legroom, and the middle space is very small; narrow trunk [\u2026]. 2020 genesis g80 2020 genesis g80 starting price: $43,545 | price yours above average: great value; loaded with standard features; great warranty; comfortable seating for five below average: lacks cachet of established luxury brands; styling\u2019s a bit understated consensus: as the newest member of the competitive premium sedan segment, genesis knows full well that it [\u2026]. 2020 acura tlx starting price: $33,995 | price yours above average: excellent build quality; rock-solid reliability; lots of standard equipment; super-handling all-wheel drive system is excellent. below average: rear-wheel drive is not available; unremarkable styling; neither the base nor the upgrade v6 makes a lot of power. consensus: in keeping with the company\u2019s philosophy, the [\u2026]. kelley blue book can show you how much your car is worth.\u00a0you just need the year, make, model, style (aka trim level), mileage, and zip code. factors that go into how much a car is worth:. you can also see the value of new and used cars. a hybrid car combines a gas-burning engine with an electric motor. it also uses its brakes to re-capture some of the car\u2019s energy in a process called regenerative braking. hybrids have the traditional 12-volt battery that other cars have to start the car and operate the lights/radio, but they also have a high voltage batter pack which is replenished from captured energy from the car decelerating. at times, the engine and motor work together and sometimes they work individually. this system results in better fuel economy because the vehicle uses less gasoline. our editors have tested and evaluated every vehicle on the market, but editors' choice honorees are the cream of their respective crops. if you're shopping for a new 2023 car, truck, or suv, you've landed at the right place. here at car and driver, we've got the information you'll need to help you find exactly what you're looking for. we have the scoop on virtually every one of the 432 models available on the market\u2014and those coming soon. we put hundreds of vehicles through our intensive instrumented testing regimen every year to catalog every data point, from how much cargo they can hold to how quickly they accelerate. then we crown the 10best cars and the 10best trucks and suvs\u201420 brilliant vehicles that best fulfill their mission, deliver great value, and are engaging to drive. beyond the special vehicles that earn our 10best award, though, there are many more that are excellent at what they do. these are vehicles that we'd happily recommend to our family and friends\u2014and you. that's what editors' choice is all about. think of this list as the automotive honor roll: a place where the cars, trucks, and suvs with the best grades are acknowledged for their excellence. based on our objective testing and subjective driving impressions, we rank every vehicle within its segment\u2014its grade point average, if you will. the vehicles on this list are the few from each segment that earn top marks comprising approximately the top quarter of the vehicle market. scroll down to shop them, and click through to read more about the ones you're interested in. review, pricing, and specs. highs: funky exterior styling, high-value feature list, turbo engine wakes this car up. lows: less cargo space than in other small suvs, underpowered with the base engine, steering could be more feelsome. verdict: hyundai's junior suv is also one of its most satisfying\u2014as long as you don't have plans to haul bulky cargo. review, pricing, and specs. highs: perky optional plug-in-hybrid powertrain, futuristic appearance, well-equipped from ex trim and up. lows: base powertrain is pretty poky, buzzy engine sounds under heavy throttle, not as fuel efficient in our testing as last year's model. verdict: it isn't perfect, but the niro offers stylish looks, a practical cabin, and an attainable starting price that should help more buyers park a hybrid at home. review, pricing, and specs. highs: stands out in traffic, spacious interior, strong value proposition. lows: could be more fuel efficient, all-wheel drive is unavailable, poky four-cylinder powertrain. verdict: style, substance, and a funkadelic hamster-powered image make the kia soul a serious threat in the small-suv class. review, pricing, and specs. highs: fun-to-drive nature, premium cabin finishings, desirable driver assistance and tech features are standard fare. lows: base engine is rather lethargic, not much more practical than a normal hatchback, some drivers may not appreciate the firm ride. verdict: the cx-30 is tailor made for those who enjoy driving, which wins it our favor, but other suvs offer more space for people and cargo. review, pricing, and specs. highs: big space in the subcompact segment, plenty of cargo room, impressive fuel economy. lows: modest performance, plastic paradise interior, isn't as spirited as the golf hatchback it replaces. verdict: with an attractively low base price, the volkswagen taos offers big fuel mileage along with big space for such a small suv. review, pricing, and specs. highs: solid offering of standard equipment, roomier than ever, quiet and controlled ride. lows: no hardcore m version, steering lacks meaningful feedback, cumbersome climate controls. verdict: there's nothing radical about the new version of bmw's smallest suv, but it offers a lot for a smallish price. review, pricing, and specs. highs: youthful design, practical cabin, generous standard tech features.lows: not as luxurious as larger volvos, all-wheel drive only available with more powerful engine, infotainment icons are too small.verdict: the xc40 suv delivers much of the same experience as other volvos but adds its own unique flavor. review, pricing, and specs. highs: fresh new look, low-stress road manners, efficient optional hybrid. lows: not as exciting as some rivals, all-wheel drive not standard, base turbo engine provides only modest acceleration. verdict: the redesigned cr-v is made to maintain its place on the bestseller list, with a smooth ride, practical cabin, and fuel-efficient powertrains. review, pricing, and specs. highs: future-forward styling, top models' near-luxury cabins, hybrid powertrains are worth the upcharge. lows: base four-cylinder is poky, push-button shifter takes getting used to, hybrid-suv competitors deliver even better mpg. verdict: the tucson's broad lineup provides compact suv buyers with an abundance of choices, including some that elevate it with surprisingly luxurious touches. review, pricing, and specs. highs: responsive optional hybrid powertrain, forgiving ride, spacious cabin with plenty of tech. lows: poky base four-cylinder engine, boring driving dynamics, exterior styling isn't for everyone. verdict: the new sportage proves it has what it takes to compete with segment stalwarts and does so with flair. review, pricing, and specs. highs: artful exterior design, refined handling, richer interior than similarly priced suvs. lows: rear-seat legroom is tight, tows less than rivals, cargo space is merely average. verdict: the cx-5 is true to mazda's philosophy of building cars and suvs with driver-friendly road manners and chic, upscale interiors. review, pricing, and specs. highs: zesty turbo engine, high-class cabin, pleasing to drive. lows: just-average warranty coverage, wireless smartphone charging only offered on top trim, less headroom than in a cx-5. verdict: the cx-50 brings refinement and driving joy to the compact suv class in the way that only a mazda can. review, pricing, and specs. highs: lithe chassis, roomy inside for people and cargo, can be ordered with a third row. lows: could use a little more power, seats may feel too firm for some, interior design is a bit too businesslike. verdict: the tiguan is a stylish, european take on an american favorite, and its crisp handling is a breath of fresh air. review, pricing, and specs. highs: classic bmw driver engagement, inline-six is potency incarnate, both engine choices are exceptionally fuel efficient. lows: auto stop/start feature is rough-edged, interior design could offer more glamour, puny side mirrors. verdict: yes, it's an suv, but the x3 channels its 3-series sports sedan cousin to surprising effect. review, pricing, and specs. highs: strong-performing engines, wears designer-chic sheetmetal, top-spec interiors are gorgeous. lows: limited rear-seat legroom, awkwardly placed infotainment control knob. verdict: the gv70's high-end looks and posh cabin steal the spotlight from established players\u2014and make the genesis look like a steal. review, pricing, and specs. highs: joyful driving demeanor, perky turbocharged engines, uniquely porsche exterior design. lows: base interior accouterments are too basic, the rear seat isn't very spacious, doesn't haul as much cargo as some rivals. verdict: the macan is one of our favorite suvs mainly because it adheres to porsche's sporting ethos while providing extra space for passengers and gear. review, pricing, and specs. highs: sleek scandinavian styling, efficient four-cylinder engines, premium cabin ambiance. lows: disappointing infotainment interface, puny interior storage bins, the ride can be stiff on the largest available wheels. verdict: volvo's unique take on luxury is in full effect in the upscale and handsomely appointed xc60 suv. review, pricing, and specs. highs: rewards spirited driving, looks and sounds the part, prolific powertrain. lows: spaciousness is not its forte, lackluster interior materials. verdict: the stelvio qf mates the giulia qf sedan's nimbleness and power with all-wheel-drive traction and wagon-like practicality and begets an suv that makes your heart pound. review, pricing, and specs. highs: endless fun on a twisty road, room for kids and cargo, powerful twin-turbo v-6.lows: tall riders won't care for the rear seat, lofty starting price, some rivals offer more cargo space.verdict: almost magically, porsche makes the macan gts a credible family suv with the soul of a sports car. review, pricing, and specs. highs: thoroughly livable ride, vast configurability, multiple advantages over the jeep wrangler.lows: interior skews more farmhand than fancy, exhaust note doesn't live up to the excitement of driving one, epic wind noise on the highway.verdict: the ford bronco can scratch almost anyone's itch for a cool-looking suv with mega off-road capability without sacrificing good paved-road behavior in the process. review, pricing, and specs. highs: rock-crawling, desert-flying capability, 4500-pound tow rating, the 418 bucking broncos under the hood. lows: fuel mileage is not its forte, ultra-wide stance fills up road lanes and parking spots, begs for the f-150 raptor's hairier turbo v-6. verdict: an off-road predator with surprising versatility. review, pricing, and specs. highs: plenty of space for cargo and passengers, scrappy v-6, base model gets a lot of standard features. lows: unremarkable driving experience, conservative styling outside and in, lacks a full-on off-road model. verdict: the passport is a well-rounded family suv with lots of standard safety tech and a spice-free personality. review, pricing, and specs. highs: refined powertrain, actually capable trailsport model, just as family-friendly as the last version. lows: city fuel economy could be better, entry-level infotainment display is dinky, honda's odyssey minivan remains the more practical choice. verdict: improvements and a styling refresh make the pilot a more rugged and more desirable option at the top of honda's lineup. review, pricing, and specs. highs: intuitive control layout, generous standard equipment, value-oriented pricing. lows: narrow door cubbies, exterior styling isn't for everyone, large mirrors create wind noise at highway speeds. verdict: if you're in the market for a comfortable family suv with a luxury bent, the 2023 palisade should be on your short list. review, pricing, and specs. highs: affordable pricing, lower trims offer desirable equipment, comfy ride. lows: base engine is a slouch, some rivals achieve better fuel economy, rear seating could offer more headroom. verdict: the hyundai santa fe is a good value boasting popular features as well as myriad powertrain options\u2014just steer clear of the base engine. review, pricing, and specs. highs: modern design with a rugged vibe, plethora of models, luxury-car trimmings on high-end versions. lows: all-wheel drive costs extra; top models are priced in luxury-brand territory; we'll miss you, hemi v-8. verdict: with legit off-roading chops and a refined on-road nature, the grand cherokee is equally at home on the trail, on the turnpike, or on its way to the kids' soccer game. review, pricing, and specs. highs: top-spec interiors are downright luxurious, three rows of seats are standard, legitimate off-road ability. lows: higher pricing than competitors, v-6 engine is rough-edged, v-8's fuel economy isn't pretty. verdict: if a big, family-friendly, off-road-capable suv with luxe accommodations is on your wish list, you might want to put a bow on a grand cherokee l. review, pricing, and specs. highs: a smaller but more fuel-efficient telluride with more powertrain options, spacious second-row, pleasant ride. lows: third row is for kids only, front-wheel-drive models are prone to torque steer, limited towing capacity. verdict: the sorento offers a lot for a little. it also features a comfortable and spacious interior, as well as a variety of powertrain options. review, pricing, and specs. highs: stylish and comfortable family transport, long list of standard features, top models offer near-luxury experience. lows: sedate on-road demeanor, could be more fuel efficient, occasionally overzealous driver-assistance features. verdict: well-priced, nicely equipped, and unquestionably refined, the telluride is the complete package. review, pricing, and specs. highs: engaging road manners, nicely-trimmed cabin, stylish and upscale looks. lows: larger rivals offer more rear-seat space, snug cargo area with third-row in place, a few more horsepower wouldn't hurt. verdict: it won't trick you into thinking it's a miata, but the cx-9 embodies the spirit of mazda's lovable sports car in a three-row family suv. review, pricing, and specs. highs: broad range of powerful powertrains, deluxe interior finishes, intuitive infotainment software. lows: the optional third row is cramped, turbo v-8 is a pricey option, more luxe than sporty. verdict: the x5 offers impressive performance and a whiff of driving fun to go along with its luxury look and premium feel. review, pricing, and specs. highs: designer-chic luxury ambiance, well-integrated tech, refined road manners. lows: snug passenger space in optional third row, twin-turbo v-6 adds a lot of coin to the bottom line, no hybrid or plug-in hybrid option. verdict: when passers-by ask if the gv80 suv is a bentley, you know you're driving something special. review, pricing, and specs. highs: strong powertrains, sports-sedan driving traits, impressive 7700 pounds of max trailering. lows: easily optioned into six-figure territory, rides too stiffly on the largest tires, optional pscb brakes are touchy. verdict: if you consider an suv a necessary evil, know that the fun-to-drive cayenne is a bona fide superhero that's ready to save the day. review, pricing, and specs. highs: super-swede styling, a masterpiece of an interior, xc90 recharge is a quick accelerator. lows: no-adult third row, expensive second-row captain's-chair option, at these prices pure electric suvs start to look competitive. verdict: while every volvo xc90 delivers on the luxurious end of the business, only its plug-in powertrain will wow suv shoppers who have a need for speed. review, pricing, and specs. highs: colossal cargo space, compelling 420-hp v-8 and turbodiesel engines, room enough for a town hall meeting. lows: interior finishes don't match luxury price at higher trim levels, thirsty v-8s, options quickly hike price. verdict: confident road manners, acres of space inside, and solid tow capability add up to a likable giant, but all that capability comes at a painful cost at the pump. review, pricing, and specs. highs: adult-sized third row, quiet interior, feels agile for its size. lows: exterior styling isn't for everyone, a few oddly placed cabin controls, high-end models can cost as much as luxury suvs. verdict: the tahoe delivers exactly what buyers want in an xxl suv: a generously sized cabin, an impressive suite of features, and a broad range of trims to suit a variety of budgets. review, pricing, and specs. highs: plenty of space throughout the three rows of seats, several good engine choices, comfortable ride. lows: more expensive than chevrolet analogue, most models guzzle gas, might not fit in your garage. verdict: outside of a minivan, there are few vehicles on the road today that offer as much space for passengers and cargo as a yukon. review, pricing, and specs. highs: quiet as a library inside, ride is velvety smooth, desirable powertrain options. lows: third row isn't very roomy, power-folding rear seats are slow, mediocre cargo space. verdict: the x7 is the biggest bmw, but it's still satisfying to drive and serene to ride in. review, pricing, and specs. highs: luxe interior, high-tech features abound, the debut of the hot-rod v-series variant. lows: outrageously priced high-end models, gas-guzzling v-8 powertrains, similarly priced rivals offer more badge envy. verdict: the escalade is the modern american luxury vehicle writ huge. review, pricing, and specs. highs: elegant exterior styling, sumptuously outfitted cabin, range of powerful and polished powertrains. lows: six-figure starting price, plug-in hybrid only offered on base trim, snug third-row headroom. verdict: suave, sophisticated, and sybaritic, the 2023 range rover is everything a flagship luxury suv should be. review, pricing, and specs. highs: thoughtfully designed interior, quick with the optional turbo 2.0-liter, more handy than you might think. lows: ride jostles, hyundai santa cruz tows more, entry-level xl trim is beyond basic. verdict: the maverick is a spunky compact pickup truck with unexpected capability. review, pricing, and specs. highs: carlike handling and cushy ride, nicer interior than most small pickups, lockable cargo-box cover and in-bed trunk. lows: sluggish standard engine, too few control knobs and buttons on priciest models, most mid-size rivals offer more truck capability. verdict: the santa cruz provides pickup-truck traits in a snazzier, comfier package\u2014just don't expect mega off-road capability. review, pricing, and specs. highs: comfortable ride, spacious cabin, weatherproof below-the-bed cargo box. lows: rivals wilder off-road versions, v-6 is sole engine, smallish bed. verdict: honda has made the ridgeline a stellar performer for everyday on-road use at the sacrifice of some traditional rough-and-tough pickup capability. review, pricing, and specs. highs: nicely tailored cabin, wide range of available trims, optional hybrid model offers better fuel economy. lows: flinty ride quality over imperfect pavement, most desirable equipment limited to top models, nonhybrid powertrains guzzle gas. verdict: from the work-spec xl to the posh limited trim, there's an f-150 for every style and budget. review, pricing, and specs. highs: gnarly performance, unbeatable off-road capability, why can't every pickup ride this smoothly? lows: lousy v-6 exhaust note, expensive gas bill, there's a limit to how big a truck can be\u2014and this is it. verdict: the f-150 raptor is one seriously intense truck, but it's surprisingly amenable to everyday use as long as you don't expect it to fit into normal-size parking spots. review, pricing, and specs. highs: lavish interior, handles and rides well, handsome styling. lows: can get needlessly expensive, rivals can tow more, no regular-cab option. verdict: the ram 1500 impresses as a half-ton pickup not based on sheer capability alone, but also by how comfortable and impressive it is off the job site. review, pricing, and specs. highs: the quickest gas-powered pickup sold today, an unsinkable off-roader, bud light on the outside and champagne krug on the inside. lows: refuels from a trough, larger than most parking spaces, why no rear-drive mode? verdict: the 702-hp trx is a gift from both the horsepower and off-road gods. review, pricing, and specs. highs: big-time towing capacity, high-end models offer posh digs, power wagon and rebel models offer off-road capability. lows: diesel powertrain uses an ancient six-speed auto, highest-output diesel not offered on all models, sometimes a big truck is too much truck. verdict: the ram 2500 and 3500 are effective tools with pleasant interiors that their hard-working drivers are sure to appreciate. review, pricing, and specs. highs: outpaces rivals with more than twice the towing capacity, a higher payload, and one extra seat. lows: more expensive than rivals, thirstier than its peers, less warranty coverage than competitors. verdict: the metris is the class leader of a vanishing class. review, pricing, and specs. highs: stows 'n goes hard, available awd and phev options, the only relevant chrysler. lows: phev is fwd-only, awd sinks fuel economy, phev's uppermost trim is eye-wateringly expensive. verdict: the 2023 chrysler pacifica's interior versatility, as well as its variety of powertrain and drivetrain options, helps this minivan stand out in this fiercely competitive segment. review, pricing, and specs. highs: reconfigurable seating, desirable driver-assists are standard, quick acceleration among minivans. lows: heavy second-row seats are a pain to remove, stiff ride on optional large-diameter wheels, dated infotainment system. verdict: with a flexible interior, a generous roster of standard features, and surprisingly eager performance and handling, the odyssey is well-rounded and compellingly competent. review, pricing, and specs. highs: smooth-running v-6 engine, supple ride, attractive inside and out. lows: front-wheel drive only, not as much room for cargo as other vans, optional second-row reclining chairs can't be removed. verdict: the carnival hauls like a van, looks like an suv, and rides like a luxury car, and this blend of traits make it an excellent choice. review, pricing, and specs. highs: handy driver-assistance features, quieter inside than rivals, helpful fleet-management apps for businesses. lows: gm's archaic commercial vans are cheaper, warranty coverage is basic, the mercedes-benz sprinter offers a higher max payload capacity. verdict: the transit combines value, features, and versatility in a van that's ready to be put to work\u2014or set up as a camper for overlanding adventures. review, pricing, and specs. highs: tesla-rivaling acceleration, stylish on the inside and out, competitive range. lows: a mustang coupe is more exciting on a twisty road, the muscliest model is priced way higher than desirable lower-end mach-es, some models have a stiff ride. verdict: the mustang mach-e excels at being an electric suv, but it isn't as exciting as america's first pony car. review, pricing, and specs. highs: undeniably distinctive design, rapid fast-charging capability, entertaining to drive and rides really well. lows: not a lot of space in the frunk, surprisingly wide turning circle, no wireless apple carplay or android auto. verdict: with look-at-me styling, quick charging, and fun driving traits, the ioniq 5 excites us for hyundai's electric future. review, pricing, and specs. highs: cool exterior design, zippy on-road personality, spacious and nicely styled cabin. lows: limited front-trunk space, infotainment system is more retro than futuristic. verdict: affordable, lively, and easy to live with, the ev6 electric suv does most everything right. review, pricing, and specs. highs: practical and cargo-friendly cabin, decent driving range with the larger battery pack, quiet when cruising. lows: infotainment system isn't as intuitive as we'd like, unexciting driving dynamics, base model doesn't offer as much range as more expensive trims. verdict: the id.4 is an electric car for the people, but it provides drivers little to get enthused about. review, pricing, and specs. highs: gut-punch ev power, cossetting ride quality, futuristic and fashionable interior. lows: styling won't appeal to everyone, rear-seat riders sit low, high-performance m60 model is downright expensive. verdict: if the ix is the harbinger of bmw's electric future, tomorrow is looking bright. review, pricing, and specs. highs: quiet cabin, competitive driving range, elaborate interior design. lows: not as quick as rival evs, infotainment menus are confusing, ride can be harsh over potholes. verdict: cadillac's first stab at an electric suv forgoes performance in favor of luxury and comfort. review, pricing, and specs. highs: off-beat design, athletic driving demeanor, punchy electric powertrain. lows: some rivals offer more range, apple carplay and android auto don't work wirelessly, hyundai and kia models offer similar performance for less money. verdict: genesis's first stab at a luxury ev suv has pierced right through to the heart of that growing market. review, pricing, and specs. highs: electric motors pack a wallop, practical cabin and frunk storage area, looks just like your neighbor's gas f-150. lows: longer-range battery is an expensive upgrade, lousy range when towing, this year's gigantic price hikes. verdict: the f-150 lightning is for buyers who want a full-size ev pickup truck that looks just like its gas-powered stablemates\u2014and who don't need to tow heavy trailers long distances. review, pricing, and specs. highs: an ev pickup that can go anywhere, explosively quick quad-motor model, multiple clever design features. lows: costly starting price, no apple carplay or android auto, off-road tires sap on-road range. verdict: the r1t is the electric pickup truck of the moment, and its engineering is as impressive as its performance. review, pricing, and specs. highs: confident driving manners, standard wireless apple carplay and android auto, among the most affordable new cars. lows: too small to seat rear passengers comfortably, lacks performance, not much cargo capacity. verdict: packed with popular standard tech features and parsimonious with your gas money, the rio is a good car at a great price. review, pricing, and specs. highs: impressive highway fuel economy, comfortable ride, sub-$20k price. lows: lackadaisical acceleration, smaller back seat than competitors, base model's spartan cabin. verdict: the updated versa remains a cheap, well-appointed subcompact sedan packing a surprising number of driver-assistance features. review, pricing, and specs. highs: exterior styling with some flair, spacious interior, budget-friendly pricing. lows: could stand a few more horsepower, why no stick on the sedan? verdict: the current-production civic carries on the tradition of fuel efficiency and joyful road manners and elevates it with handsome exterior and interior design. review, pricing, and specs. highs: top models feel premium inside, handsome interior design, nimble handling. lows: hatchback model suffers poor rear visibility, punchy turbo engine is an expensive add-on, six-speed manual not offered with all-wheel drive. verdict: mazda's compact sedan and hatchback look sharp, feel upscale, and are lovely to drive, traits that make the 3 special in the world of small cars. review, pricing, and specs. highs: hot new styling, beefed-up performance, same great fuel efficiency. lows: new lower roofline results in slightly less headroom, rearward visibility, cargo room. verdict: the prius has finally become the best version of itself, with a sexy shape that finally matches its sexy fuel economy. review, pricing, and specs. highs: has more grip than most people have nerves, hits 60 mph in 4.9 seconds, a hot hatch that's easy to live with. lows: big performance lasts only as long as its tiny fuel tank, excessive road noise, interior only comes in two-tone red and black. verdict: to car enthusiasts it's swoon-worthy, but the motoring masses will also appreciate the civic type r's charms and built-in practicality. review, pricing, and specs. highs: crisp-shifting manual, impressive front-drive grip, a more-affordable gti alternative with more standard equipment. lows: 50 horses short of greatness, lacks heated seats or adaptive dampers, entertaining exhaust sound is mia. verdict: the civic si is a scrappy compact sports sedan that most people can afford\u2014but it's begging for a bump in horsepower. review, pricing, and specs. highs: strong performance, rowdy exhaust note, tenacious grip. lows: polarizing nose design, interior reveals its econo-car roots, sunroof exclusive to automatic-equipped cars. verdict: what's not to love about the boisterous hyundai elantra n's impressive athleticism, snorting exhaust, four-door convenience, and affordable price? review, pricing, and specs. highs: fiery turbo three, customizable all-wheel-drive system, tenacious cornering grip. lows: closer pedal placement would be nice, must keep the revs up to unlock max power, only built in limited quantities. verdict: with 300 horsepower on tap and several performance-enhancing features all dialed up to eleven, this corolla is anything but boring. review, pricing, and specs. highs: impressively balanced handling, satisfyingly speedy, hatchback versatility. lows: disappointing interior materials, convoluted infotainment interface, summer tires exclusive to top-spec autobahn trim. verdict: the supreme driving delights of a golf gti come wrapped in a compact package of practicality and value. review, pricing, and specs. highs: recommended daily dose of horsepower and torque, exquisite handling behavior, any excuse to drive one is the right one. lows: starting price puts it close to hotter competition, the wrong direction in infotainment design, a larger rear bias for drift mode wouldn't hurt. verdict: the golf r takes everything we love about the gti and adds more horsepower with all-wheel drive but at the expense of what made the golf so tempting: affordability. review, pricing, and specs. highs: an engine with a kick, confident handling, civilized ride. lows: all-season tires, the manual shifter has too long a throw, seats could use more lateral support. verdict: the jetta gli would be a better gti alternative with the right tires, but its span of nice-to-have standard features is impressive. review, pricing, and specs. highs: spry driving demeanor, fuel-efficient powertrain, high-tech interior. lows: not as quick or as much fun to drive as the s3, toggle shifter takes some getting used to. verdict: the a3 has everything we like about modern audis, shrunk down to size small. review, pricing, and specs. highs: sharp handling, punchy turbo four, audi styling in size small. lows: toggle-switch shifter isn't intuitive, we'd like a bit more tactility from the steering, takes a second for the turbo to spool up. verdict: the s3 outperforms the standard-issue a3 but stops short of the high-performance territory occupied by the mighty rs3. review, pricing, and specs. highs: sweet, fast and fun; good braking; the twin-kidney grille is the right size here. lows: as pretty as a pug, no manual transmission, tight rear seat. verdict: the 2-series coupe is thrilling even in base guise, but its exterior styling looks low resolution. review, pricing, and specs. highs: attractive new styling, more ways to spec the hybrid powertrain, spacious cabin. lows: punchy turbo 2.0-liter no longer offered, we miss the stick shift, all-wheel drive is not an option. verdict: this excellent new 2023 accord is merely an evolution of the last one, but why fix what's not broken? review, pricing, and specs. highs: value city, can't be confused for a chevy malibu, impressive fuel economy even from 290-hp n line version. lows: somewhat tall driving position, n model's too-firm ride and lack of sticky standard summer tires. verdict: more than just a striking design, the sonata delivers plenty of package for the money. review, pricing, and specs. highs: fastback appearance, notable content for the price, top-tier gt trim packs a stout 290 horsepower. lows: driver's seat is awkwardly positioned, gt suffers excessive wheelspin, gt needs a summer-tire option. verdict: every kia k5 looks sharp and provides value the whole family can appreciate\u2014and the gt trim is a certified hot rod. review, pricing, and specs. highs: attractively luxurious and vice-versa, premium driving experience, hatchback bolsters practicality. lows: rear seating is short on headroom, interior design lacks character, mediocre braking. verdict: enthusiasts will enjoy how effortless it is to drive the a5 sportback quickly, but those requiring more rear-seat space should consider the mechanically similar a4 sedan. review, pricing, and specs. highs: a trio of powerful, refined powertrains, balanced ride and handling, spacious cabin. lows: steering feel is lacking, some optional features are standard on rivals, we yearn for a six-speed manual gearbox. verdict: the 3-series is a chameleon with multiple personalities, able to dance down a curvy road gracefully, tip-toe through town, or blaze down an interstate as if it were an autobahn. review, pricing, and specs. highs: balanced ride and handling, plenty of standard features, sweet engines range from frisky to ferocious. lows: could use a bit more interior flair, snug rear-seat headroom, distant steering feel. verdict: the 4-series gran coupe is a 3-series sedan in designer duds. review, pricing, and specs. highs: beautifully finished cabin, sporty handling and performance, even the 365-hp version represents a great value. lows: tight back seat, base four-cylinder feels lazy, having to explain what a genesis is. verdict: the g70's affordable pricing doesn't sacrifice how much fun it is to drive or compromise its spiffiness inside or out. review, pricing, and specs. highs: high-fashion wardrobe, spectacular back-road dancer, steamy twin-turbo v-6. lows: automatic transmission is the only choice, cabin lacks rich material quality, brand's not known for reliability. verdict: the giulia quadrifoglio has obvious flaws, but its blistering performance, adroit handling, and drop-dead-gorgeous styling keep it near the top of our sports-sedan wish list. review, pricing, and specs. highs: silky-smooth straight-six horsepower, available six-speed manual, base model is a surprisingly comfy commuter. lows: overwhelming number of drive-mode settings, no manual-transmission option for competition model, a little too much kidney grille. verdict: the m3 is a thrilling, top-tier driver's car that's roomy, handsomely appointed, and track-attack ready. review, pricing, and specs. highs: blazing acceleration, daily-commutable, long-live the manual transmission. lows: we want more steering feedback, dizzyingly complicated drive-mode settings, digital tach is hard to read at-a-glance. verdict: the m4 is a soul-satisfying high-power thrill ride no matter how it's ordered, but it's still a few details short of the perfect m car. review, pricing, and specs. highs: wired-to-your-brain steering, near-faultless chassis, comfortable enough for everyday use. lows: slower than the bmw m3, interior is still very general motors, it won't be around much longer. verdict: the ct4-v blackwing delivers track-worthy driving manners without sacrificing the comfort required for daily commutes to work. review, pricing, and specs. highs: burbling v-8 exhaust note, bonkers acceleration, sharp handling. lows: uncomfortable ride over the lumps and bumps, best driver-assistance tech costs extra, unimpressive basic warranty. verdict: the c63 is one of the best v-8\u2013powered sports coupes in the world but, sadly, taking its final victory lap. review, pricing, and specs. highs: through-the-worm-hole acceleration, eye-catching design inside and out, rear-wheel steering helps it hustle. lows: more luxury than hardcore, no hoon-happy drift mode, weighs almost 5000 pounds. verdict: the audi rs7 has the looks of a comic-book villain with the performance and polish of a high-horsepower superhero. review, pricing, and specs. highs: rocket-ship propulsion, rear-drive mode adds spirit luxurious and comfy cabin. lows: performance is felt more than heard, styling is too stealthy, the steering lacks the feel and feedback that m cars once featured. verdict: the m5's mind-boggling power, artillery-grade acceleration, glued-to-the-road handling, and posh accommodations make it one of the most formidable luxury sports sedans sold today. review, pricing, and specs. highs: fiery v-8 power, razor-sharp handling, comfort mode dials down the ride stiffness to near-luxury-car levels. lows: manual transmission locks you out of driver-assistance features, some rivals offer more flash, a few cheap plastic bits inside. verdict: although it has a few minor flaws, the ct5-v blackwing remains our favorite v-8\u2013powered sports sedan thanks to its balanced handling and explosive acceleration. review, pricing, and specs. highs: pinnacle luxury, snarling boosted v8 acceleration, dynamite driving dynamics. lows: you've got to pay to play, they aren't making any more of these after 2023. verdict: the amg e63 s is a dual-nature machine, offering both ballistic performance and luxury accommodations. review, pricing, and specs. highs: effortless power from the optional turbocharged v-6, tech-heavy features list, nicely trimmed interior. lows: driver involvement sacrificed for comfort, bland styling, bin and cubby space is limited. verdict: neither breathtaking to drive nor to look at, the a6 nonetheless delivers on its promise of luxury\u2014and offers a high-tech user experience as a bonus. review, pricing, and specs. highs: hushed cabin, low-end thrust, spacious cargo room with hatchback practicality. lows: v-6's low-key personality, distracting dual touchscreens, what's with the fake exhaust tips? verdict: the a7 is a great-looking, solid-driving, comfy sedan with plenty of luxury and tech. review, pricing, and specs. highs: elegant bodywork, high-end interior trimmings, value-oriented pricing. lows: enough grille for two cars, can you live without the brand recognition of a benz or bimmer? verdict: it's not as athletic as some rivals, but the g80 offers sumptuous luxury at a far more affordable price. review, pricing, and specs. highs: robust engine, upscale interior trimmings, as sporty as it is luxurious. lows: larger optional wheels worsen ride quality, awkward steering-wheel controls respond inconsistently, no complimentary maintenance. verdict: fun to drive and easy to love, the sporty and luxurious 2023 mercedes-amg e53 family is all about balanced goodness. review, pricing, and specs. highs: glass-smooth v-6, lavish interior, supple suspension. lows: base four-cylinder underwhelms, fussy infotainment touchpad, leather's not standard at these prices? verdict: the mercedes-benz e-class prioritizes soul-soothing tranquility over heart-pounding thrills, which is just as it should be. review, pricing, and specs. highs: heavenly ride quality, hushed cabin, generous standard luxury features. lows: fuel-economy ratings are lower than other v-6 rivals, handling could be more entertaining, apple carplay and android auto aren't wireless. verdict: the redesigned g90 has stepped up its luxury game while still managing to undercut key rivals on price. review, pricing, and specs. highs: the pinnacle of modern automotive luxury, a wealth of horsepower from both powertrains, lavish mechanicals such as active air suspension and rear-wheel steering. lows: semi-autonomous driving tech is no match for a chauffeur, a subtle design across a 17-foot canvas, 5000 pounds of car. verdict: it may be lonely at the top for the s500 and more powerful s580 sedans, but you won't feel anything but well-looked-after when you travel in an s-class cruise ship. review, pricing, and specs. highs: more ground clearance than a regular wagon, plenty of space for cargo, nicely equipped with standard tech features. lows: poky with base four-cylinder, boring to drive, engine drones during acceleration thanks to cvt. verdict: its rugged looks make it attractive to those with outdoorsy lifestyles, but the outback's practicality and ride comfort make it a good choice for families too. review, pricing, and specs. highs: massive cargo area behind rear seats, posh styling, more off-road capability than the smaller a4 allroad. lows: touchscreen dashboard isn't always intuitive, automatic transmission sometimes stumbles, starting price is on the high side. verdict: the a6 allroad is the perfect luxury car for those who need utility but want to avoid an suv. review, pricing, and specs. highs: brawny styling, stomach-compressing twin-turbo v-8 performance, station-wagon practicality. lows: not cheap, guzzles gas, the upmarket charge for any color besides gray. verdict: the rs6 avant does it all, combining supercar performance with station wagon usability. review, pricing, and specs. highs: gut-punch performance, asphalt-ripping handling, it's a wagon with a drift mode. lows: one of the last purebred firebreathers, no complimentary maintenance. verdict: this is likely the last amg wagon ever to run on petrol alone\u2013and its big, bad, burly twin-turbo v-8 thunder will be dearly missed. review, pricing, and specs. highs: deluxe interior environs, cavernous cargo bay, high-tech features abound. lows: ride quality isn't as refined as expected, rugged styling hampers overall elegance, interior storage cubbies are too small. verdict: all the practicality and driving verve of a car with a thin veneer of suv styling. review, pricing, and specs. highs: attractive exterior design, upscale interior digs, polestar engineered model combines speed with hybrid efficiency. lows: new infotainment system isn't as user-friendly as the old, polestar model rides stiffly. verdict: for suv avoiders, the v60 and v60 cross country wagons offer similar space and flexibility with more driving verve. review, pricing, and specs. highs: tasteful exterior styling, high-end interior appointments, more cargo friendly than a sedan. lows: pseudo-suv ride height gives it a truckish feel, infotainment icons are too small, not as quick as rival station wagons. verdict: if you're ok with its not-quite-an-suv status, the v90 cross country offers a premium, cargo-friendly package with polished curb appeal. review, pricing, and specs. highs: m50 is quicker than an m3 with a better ride-handling balance, practical hatchback body style. lows: somber steering, edrive35 and m50 models lack range, can we tone down the artificial soundtrack, please? verdict: inside the i4's traditional bmw body lives an impressive ev powertrain and one of the brand's better chassis, which gives us hope that the all-electric future will be exciting. review, pricing, and specs. highs: world's longest electric driving range, spacious and modern cabin, blistering acceleration. lows: tire noise permeates cabin, fussy infotainment interface, interior materials aren't up to the high asking price. verdict: swift, stylish, and state-of-the-art, the air is a formidable electric luxury sedan, a vehicle made all the more impressive because it's lucid's first-ever product. review, pricing, and specs. highs: endless acceleration, drives like a porsche, quick recharging capability. lows: doesn't offer the most range, can be difficult to get in and out of, fast-charger port only on one side. verdict: the taycan takes everything to love about driving porsches and puts it into an incredibly stylish electric sedan. review, pricing, and specs. highs: thrilling acceleration; more rear passenger space than taycan sedan; wagon lovers, here's your ev. lows: middling epa range numbers, more expensive than the already-expensive taycan sedan. verdict: it's hard to say no to a wagonized version of one of our favorite hot-rod evs\u2014an electric sports car disguised as a wagon. review, pricing, and specs. highs: horsepower that's always hot and ready, big racetrack energy, incredible performance value. lows: lack of outward visibility, plastic interior is less than fantastic, beefed-up 1le suspension is too hardcore\u2014even for us. verdict: preparing for a track day with the camaro zl1 is as easy as filling its gas tank and booting the right pedal. review, pricing, and specs. highs: an entire lineup of fun, better visibility than camaro, expansive suite of available performance packages. lows: hard plastic interior isn't up to the asking price, mach 1 costs almost as much as a corvette. verdict: like cake, there are many ways to bake a perfect ford mustang, but ordering one without the v-8 is like forgetting the flour. review, pricing, and specs. highs: a chassis that loves to zig, telepathic steering, two great open-top designs. lows: taller drivers will be scrunched, noisy cabin on the highway, who hid the glove box? verdict: the mx-5 miata offers an old-school sports-car driving experience that'll have you joyfully rowing gears and happy that sunblock was invented. review, pricing, and specs. highs: small and light, peppy and responsive flat-four engine, an absolute hoot to drive. lows: interior needs a designer's touch, significant road noise, faux rear legroom. verdict: built by enthusiasts for enthusiasts at a budget price point\u2014a tempting combo for folks who appreciate a fun drive but don't have corvette money. review, pricing, and specs. highs: how steering should feel, big fun on serpentine roads, affordable sports-car entertainment. lows: road and wind noise pummel the ears, engine sounds like it's got a stomachache, you call that a rear seat? verdict: long live the manual transmission, especially when it's packaged within something as fun as the toyota gr86. review, pricing, and specs. highs: exotic sports-car performance, easy to live with on a daily basis, high-end trim offers a premium experience. lows: no manual transmission offered, lacks high-tech driver-assists, not everyone loves the squared-off steering wheel. verdict: chevrolet's supercar-killer puts exotic-level performance within reach for the average joe and joanne. review, pricing, and specs. highs: grips like hell, handles like heaven, steers like the almighty designed the steering rack. lows: four-cylinders' gravelly soundtrack, stingy with cargo space, base interior's dreary materials. verdict: the 718 boxster is a thoroughbred sports car that can both savage serpentine roads and comfortably devour interstates while making you feel like a hero driver every mile of the way. that's why it's one of our favorite cars of all time. review, pricing, and specs. highs: endless thrills behind the wheel, both the manual and the automatic are great, broad range of models and performance levels. lows: could use more interior storage cubbies, the base engine lacks the dulcet tones of the optional flat-six, options carry brow-raising prices. verdict: there are few cars on the road today that can satisfy drivers quite like the porsche 718 cayman. review, pricing, and specs. highs: well-put-together cabin, spunky driving dynamics, mega turbocharged inline-six. lows: hard to see out of, lots of borrowed bmw interior bits, just try to get in and out of it gracefully. verdict: the gr supra pleases and surprises with equally large doses of performance, refinement, and attitude that combine to make it one great sports car. review, pricing, and specs. highs: howling flat-plane crankshaft v-8, razor-sharp handling, comfortable enough to drive daily. lows: stiff ride in most aggressive driving mode, guzzles gasoline like a truck, perhaps not as flashy as a european exotic. verdict: with fiery performance and a relatively accessible price tag, the new corvette z06 makes an incendiary entrance into the elite league of supercars. review, pricing, and specs. highs: snappy hybrid powertrain, sharp on the track but comfortable on the road, provides some electric-only driving range. lows: lacks auditory drama of other sports cars, styling might be too restrained for some, limited top speed in ev mode. verdict: mclaren's latest hybrid blends sports-car performance with daily drivability and decent fuel economy. review, pricing, and specs. highs: a performance car for all seasons, the benchmark for steering feel, powerful turbocharged flat-six engines. lows: limited interior cubby storage, automatic shifter takes getting used to, pricing that starts at high and goes up from there. verdict: the 911 is thrilling to drive, easy to live with, and well worth aspiring to\u2014and porsche knows exactly what that's worth. review, pricing, and specs. highs: spectacular handling, telepathic steering, a flat-six sent from heaven. lows: prices that run from expensive to if-we-ever-hit-the-lottery. verdict: the 911 gt3 models are porsche's gift to car enthusiasts, special and rare automobiles that make driving\u2014slowly or quickly, on the road or on the racetrack\u2014a soul-stirring experience. review, pricing, and specs. highs: closer than most to the speed of light, rocket-like launch control, endless lateral grip. lows: deep pockets required, begging for a manual transmission, sometimes rides too stiff. verdict: having the income to withstand a 911 turbo into your budget is one thing, but having the discipline to keep your driver's license after buying one is another. read more on hybridsread more on evs. america needs more slow car chargers. check out these future evs that deliver. best 2023 mid-size pickup trucks. safest 2023 crossovers and suvs. new book celebrates the 356's diamond jubilee. two-lane to the limit by jeep cherokee. how to photograph a vehicle for bring a trailer. to spring training in a mercedes-amg e53 cabriolet. i'm afraid to start modifying my jeep. history of the electric car, 1830 to present. awesome real-life cars you can buy in lego form. collectible classic muscle cars you can afford. a part of hearst digital media. we may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. \u00a9hearst autos, inc. all rights reserved. find the best cars then compare models and read our car reviews,\n                    which provide the consensus opinion from the automotive press.\n                    you can also view new car prices in your area. \u00a9 1986 - 2023 autodata, inc. dba. \u00a9 1986 - 2023 autodata, inc. dba. ad-free. influence-free. powered by consumers. the payment for your account couldn't be processed or you've canceled your account with us. we don\u2019t recognize that sign in. your username maybe be your email address. passwords are 6-20 characters with at least one number and letter. we still don\u2019t recognize that sign in.   retrieve your username.      reset your password. forgot your username or password? don\u2019t have an account? save products you love, products you own and much more! other membership benefits:. car ratings & reviews. which car brands make the best vehicles? car maintenance & repair. listen to the talking cars podcast. top picks for the bathroom. best lawn mowers and tractors of 2023. home improvement essential. best roofing shingles of 2023. home safety & security. best diy home security systems of 2023. what to do with a broken appliance. best small kitchen appliances. best laundry gear & vacuums. heating, cooling & air. how to lower utility bills when the temperature rises. best and worst home internet providers. smartphones & wearables. find the right phone for you. digital security & privacy. these exceptional models meet our very highest standards for performance, safety, reliability, and more. the 10 vehicles were selected from more than 200 tested models as the best of the best for 2023. each represents a key vehicle segment and shines for its combination of road-test performance, reliability, owner satisfaction, and safety, garnering a high-enough overall score to earn a coveted cr recommendation. cr may also consider other factors important to consumers in\u00a0making its\u00a0top picks selections. all top picks must come standard with key safety features, including automatic emergency braking (aeb*) that operates at highway speed and includes pedestrian detection. simply put: these are the vehicles that our expert staff would enthusiastically recommend to family and friends. it\u2019s no surprise that toyotas, which have historically featured prominently on our list, are again well represented: they\u2019re known for having good all-around performance, fuel economy, and reliability. notably absent this year, however, are two perennial picks: the lexus rx and toyota prius. these significantly redesigned models weren\u2019t on sale in time to be included, which made room for other impressive models to appear on this year\u2019s top picks list. our top picks list is a collection of cars, suvs, and trucks with standout performance across the board. our green choice designation (indicated by a leaf icon in our ratings) is awarded to gas-powered, hybrid, and electric cars that are in the top 20 percent of all cars on the market for having the cleanest emissions, based on epa data. given there are so many more evs on the market, for the first time, two electric vehicles are on the top picks list. see the vehicles that made consumer reports\u2019 annual top picks in 2022,\u00a02021,\u00a02020,\u00a02019,\u00a02018,\u00a02017,\u00a02016,\u00a02015,\u00a02014,\u00a02013, and\u00a02012. become a member to read the full article and get access to digital ratings. we investigate, research, and test so you can choose with confidence. we respect your privacy.\n                all email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. every product is carefully selected by our editors. if you buy from a link, we may earn a commission. looking for a great new ride? start looking here. what are the best new cars to buy? it's a tricky question to answer, and heavily dependent on what you're looking for. some vehicles provide value; others shoot for excellence. some try to be generalists; others specialize in one specific aspect. you may be looking for a hyper-efficient electric car or still want a raucous-sounding v8. we're not here to judge. what unites the best cars, whatever their purposes, is that they go above and beyond what they need to be. whether it's a trusted icon that has been mastering the art for decades or an upstart catching one of those cars' product planners napping, the best cars do that little bit extra to provide the optimal driving experience. there are plenty of new cars out there \u2014 and we at the gear patrol motoring section have driven most of them. here is our authoritative (though admittedly subjective) list of the best cars you can buy in 2023. the maverick isn't the flashiest vehicle in the ford lineup, but it's a segment-bending new small truck that may redefine what a truck can be. it's the first affordable, practical and fun new people's car to emerge in a long while. and if that weren't enough, the base model maverick is now the cheapest hybrid on sale in the united states. the tacoma looks better than the competition; it\u2019s muscular and athletic looking but without the forced effort other manufacturers put into that. it\u2019s simple, capable and durable. that combo is what many truck and off-roader buyers want. and it's why the tacoma dominates its market segment. dropping luxury car money on a pickup seems crazy, but once you spend a little time in one of the regal ford f-150, it feels almost logical. the f-150 is packed with all sorts of ingenious features that, combined with its immense inherent capability, arguably make it worthy of dropping $80k. whether you opt for the well-equipped power wagon from the factory or start with a 2500 tradesman then add the power wagon package, you\u2019re getting a lot of truck for your money. there simply isn\u2019t another three-quarter-ton pickup that can do all the things the power wagon does, let alone this well. the tucson hybrid does its compact crossover duty well; it's spacious, efficient and gets the family from a to b smoothly and safely. but unlike most of its competition, it does those tasks while being striking to look at, feeling like a premium product and being genuinely fun to drive. genesis is still a luxury upstart \u2014 the brand did not launch its first standalone vehicle until 2017, and only branched out into suvs last year \u2014 but the gv70 is a bold, bar-setting statement of intent from a mature automaker. the gv70 doesn't just offer better value than the rivals like the bmw x3 or the audi q5. it's just better, and it does it all at a relatively affordable price point. the telluride offers luxury amenities at an affordable price tag. it\u2019s more polished than most of its competition from respected value brands in the price range. unless you have a fat wad of cash to buy a lincoln navigator or a serious overlanding itch, the telluride should be on your three-row shortlist. general motors makes an excellent full-size suv under multiple badges. the gmc yukon is our favorite of the trio. it offers a definitive style upgrade over the chevy tahoe, without being that much more expensive. it feels premium, without going full-on escalade. the bronco dared to challenge the hallowed jeep wrangler. and ford did the damn thing right. the bronco is as badass as everyone hoped it would be; the wrangler has legitimate competition and even\u2014 dare we utter this blasphemy \u2014 may have some catching up to do. the genesis gv80 looks distinctive, exotic and expensive with its bold grille, signature double-lighting and premium material quality. if you don\u2019t know quite what you\u2019re looking at it reads sort of like a bentley, which not coincidentally is where genesis poached the gv80\u2019s lead designer from. the toyota land cruiser is special \u2014 and the lx has always been special because it\u2019s a land cruiser. there just aren\u2019t that many vehicles where you can cart the kids to school, climb a mountain without breaking a sweat and then have your driver chauffeur you into work in sublime comfort. the all-new toyota sienna looks genuinely cool and provides something most of the competition \u2014 minivan or three-row suv \u2014 does not: outstanding fuel economy and all-wheel drive in the same vehicle. that's the sort of game-changer that can bring buyers into the minivan fold. this all-new civic is worth your attention \u2014 and not just because honda is marketing it on twitch to urbane young people like yourself. the civic offers excellent handling, exceptional value, a cool interior and not one but two versions with a manual transmission. the genesis g70 is a tremendous value in the luxury sport sedan market. and it\u2019s not just a value play. with great looks, a luxurious cabin, sporty driving dynamics and some serious engine pop, it\u2019s just as good as its big-name rivals \u2014 maybe better. honda won't let you get a manual on the accord anymore. but you still get luxury car performance and refinement at a very affordable price point. there's a reason the accord has made the car and driver 10 best list a stunning 36 times. the e-class has been the goldilocks mainstay of the mercedes lineup for decades. want a buttery smooth entry-level luxury sedan? a 600-horsepower firebreathing wagon? how about something precisely in between that's brilliant in its own right? the e-class has you covered. these days, suvs and crossovers (hell, arguably even pickup trucks) have become the de facto choice for luxury buyers, but a few hundred miles behind the wheel of the new s-class will remind you just how appealing it is to drive a fancy sedan instead. many vehicles try to combine the best of car-like handling and suv-like capability and practicality, but few succeed \u2014 at a price point that mere mortals can afford \u2014 like the subaru outback, which packs as much space and off-road prowess as many sport-utes without the fuel-economy pain. mercedes isn't selling the amg e 63 s wagon currently to make this more of a contest. but we absolutely love that audi brought over the rs6 avant to the u.s. it packs 591 hp with an impressive awd system to make the most of it. you can do 0-60 mph in a blistering 3.1 seconds when you're running late for that school run. the porsche 911 is the benchmark for a reason. the current generation is an objective improvement in nearly every measurable way. it is more powerful, faster, handles better, keeps occupants safer, has more advanced technology, and is even more eco-friendly than its predecessors. driving it every day, the 8th generation gti is the same gti as always, but a little bit better. the car is still quick, lively and responsive. steering remains precise. driving the gti is smooth and easy to drive from the get-go. reactions to your inputs can be downright uncanny. the ct5-v blackwing puts out 668 horsepower from its supercharged 6.2-liter v8. for perspective, you're getting more horsepower on tap than cadillac's dpi-v.r race car \u2014 with traction control that would be illegal in any racing series. the v60 recharge sounds like parental driving nirvana \u2014 and it is. volvo just gave it a powertrain upgrade for 2022. it now puts out 455 hp and can accelerate from 0-60 mph in 4.3 seconds. a larger battery yields 41 miles of ev-only range. it's also safe, reasonably spacious, has all-wheel drive and won't blind anyone with chrome trim. the hemi v8-powered jeep wrangler rubicon 392 will capture the hearts of many enthusiasts. but the hybrid wrangler 4xe is the best wrangler ever made. the added power and torques makes it a force on-road and off. and the wrangler 4xe can do a 20-mile round trip commute without using a drop of gas. kia could have led off with a boring, conventional crossover ev. instead, they went bold with the ev6. it's aggressive and sporty-looking, and it has the impressive and fun driving dynamics to match that appearance. the mercedes eqs is no sport sedan. but it rides with the sort of solidity and comfort that most luxury cars can only dream about. bentley and rolls-royce engineers would be happy to extol the virtues of having ample mass when it comes to ride and nvh, and this mercedes has plenty of mass to go around, thanks to the 108-kwh battery pack at the bottom of the chassis. no super-sedan or sports feels quite as quick as the taycan in the real world. the porsche\u2019s electric motors are always primed to give their all the instant you ask for it, no matter how fast they\u2019re turning. to accomplish something similar in an internal combustion car, you\u2019d have to drive around with the engine close to the power peak at all times. the mach e's crossover body, multiple battery sizes and available all-wheel-drive handle the need, serving up ample space, plenty of range and four-season capability. the mustang badge and sporty styling, in turn, provide the want \u2014 a ride that looks cool. it's hard not to see the bmw ix as an ideal proposition for anyone seeking out an electric luxury suv and doesn't plan on going off-roading...which, let's face it, is probably 99 percent of electric suv buyers. downright quick and surprisingly fun, visually compelling, and packed with clever tech, it's a car that feels like a breath of fresh air. the f-150 lightning looks like the standard f-150. it's as tough as a standard f-150. it delivers performance \u2014 outstripping the f-150 raptor on horsepower and torque \u2014 that cannot be scoffed at. the f-150 lightning offers practical features that make it more versatile and useful for the people who use trucks. and \u2014 given how much prices have been rising \u2014 it does not cost much more than a conventional pickup. these cars are great, but still, none of them could outsell the hydrogen-powered toyota mirai. download the edmunds app. the autotrader editorial team examined the new crop of cars available for sale as 2023 models and picked the 11 best for your consideration. this year\u2019s list includes one pure electric (ev) and four hybrid gasoline-electric vehicles (hevs), joined by six traditional gasoline internal combustion engine (ice) models. the transitional mix feels suitable for the times. because there are many new or redesigned vehicles for 2023, we focused on those available for purchase within the next nine months. we included vehicles offering either significant value or groundbreaking in some other way. to qualify for our list, the base model of a vehicle had to start below $110,000. however, most cars on this list are thousands of dollars below that. here are autotrader\u2019s best new cars for 2023 (presented in alphabetical order by manufacturer):. starting at $31,300, the 2023 integra represents the return of the entry-level luxury sport compact to the acura lineup. integra debuted as one of the original 1986 acura models and ran for four generations of production through 2006. the new model comes with a 200-horsepower turbocharged 4-cylinder engine. it\u2019s available with either a continuously variable automatic transmission (cvt) or a 6-speed manual transmission. \u201cwith the return of the integra, acura has done a terrific job keeping the car true to its roots while differentiating it from the civic,\u201d says senior editor allyson harwood. \u201cit\u2019s exactly what it used to be, despite the cries of enthusiasts who expected a budget supercar,\u201d agrees senior video editor jeff glucker. \u201cthis is a nicer version of its civic sibling \u2014 and that\u2019s a good thing since the newest civic is also an excellent machine.\u201d see 2023 acura integra models for sale near you. rumors of the death of the full-size sedan are premature, a fact proven by the 2023 bmw 7 series, specifically the gasoline-powered 740i and 760i xdrive versions (there\u2019s also an electric i7 xdrive60 model). starting at $95,700, the 7 series got a total redesign this year, and our editors were impressed. \u201c\u2018masterpiece.\u2019 that was the only word i could think of that encapsulates the latest bmw flagship sedan,\u201d says senior editor matt degen. \u201cthe all-new 7 feels like the pinnacle of executive sedans that also have a high-performance flair.\u201d befitting a luxury sedan, it was the details and the extras that captured our attention. \u201crear entertainment systems are often compromised in one way or another, but the optional 31-inch theater screen with 8k resolution is as close as you can get to a movie theater experience in a car,\u201d says senior editor eric brandt. \u201cthe latest 7 series is a striking example of modern art on wheels,\u201d says senior editor rob nestora. see 2023 bmw 7 series models for sale near you. the z06 has always been the corvette model enthusiasts wait for, and the eighth-generation corvette finally gets one for 2023. starting at $105,300, the mid-engine 2-seater manages to limbo under our price limit. with 670 hp, it will test your limits as it zooms from 0 to 60 mph in 2.6 seconds with 1.22 g of available lateral g-force. glucker says that \u201cchevy isn\u2019t holding back anymore\u2026 the new z06 is a world-beating monster. and that flat-plane crank v8 sounds amazing.\u201d nestora is similarly impressed, saying, \u201cthe z06 removes any doubt about this supercar\u2019s pedigree. it\u2019s the real deal and only the first of many c8 iterations to come.\u201d see 2023 chevrolet corvette z06 models for sale near you. the only all-electric vehicle on our list this year, the 2023 genesis gv60 suv debuts with a starting price of $59,290. expanding the genesis design language with a sleek exterior, the gv60 is available for sale in just nine states (arizona, california, colorado, connecticut, new jersey, nevada, new york, utah, and washington). not coincidentally, these are the states with the best ev charging infrastructure. the geographically fortunate buyers will choose between 234-kw/314-hp and 320-kw/429-hp models, capable of 248 miles and 235 miles of range, respectively. video editor lyn woodward says, \u201cfrom its sleek exterior styling, elegant interior fit, finishes, materials, and colors, to the spirited driving experience, which doesn\u2019t disappoint, the gv60 turns heads in every way. and extra kudos for the magic 8-ball-looking shift knob.\u201d \u201cwho says evs don\u2019t have character?\u201d asks video production manager micah muzio. \u201ci like everything about this ev,\u201d says senior editor joe tralongo. \u201cbut, as a lover of all things automotive, the gv60\u2019s interior draws me in.\u201d editorial director jason allan has the final say: \u201ctwo words: boost mode. two more: hold on.\u201d see 2023 genesis gv60 models for sale near you. starting at $43,295, the 2023 honda civic type r is the fastest civic ever. boasting a 315-hp turbocharged 2.0-liter vtec engine and 6-speed manual transmission, the front-wheel-drive type r is a throwback pocket-rocket sedan aimed directly at the hearts of enthusiasts. brandt says, \u201cthe new honda civic type r finds a just-right balance of thrilling performance, ostentatious styling, and modern technology while retaining a manual transmission and a sub-$50,000 price tag.\u201d nestora recognizes the exceptional nature of the type r, saying, \u201cin terms of driving experience, the civic has never been this good. ever.\u201d see 2023 honda civic type r models for sale near you. the cr-v (short for \u201ccomfortable runabout vehicle) has been near the top of the sales charts almost since u.s. sales began in 1997. it has come a long way from its \u201ccute ute\u201d roots, growing and maturing into a respectable compact crossover suv. in the new 2023 version (starting at $31,610), the cr-v has regained a touch of ruggedness inside and out, highlighted by a new grille, snow-driving mode, and hill-descent control. buyers get a choice of gasoline-only or hybrid powertrains. \u201ci don\u2019t know how honda does it, but it makes every generation of the already terrific cr-v even better,\u201d says harwood. \u201cit is more spacious, even nicer to drive, and has better tech.\u201d senior editor colin ryan agrees, saying, \u201cboth the honda cr-v and cr-v hybrid are everything a cr-v should be \u2014 blending quality with practicality and affordability \u2014 yet with an extra special something that makes them more engaging than any cr-v that\u2019s come before.\u201d allan agrees, saying, \u201cin the increasingly competitive compact suv segment, the cr-v\u2019s key strength is \u2014 everything. none of its competitors do so much, so well.\u201d muzio has the last word, saying of the cr-v, \u201cit kinda makes me want to trade my 2008 cr-v in for a new one.\u201d see 2023 honda cr-v models for sale near you. the 2023 hyundai palisade makes our list thanks to a midcycle refresh that touched its interior and exterior, moving it ever closer to the luxury category while retaining a competitive $35,550 starting price. we\u2019ve praised the palisade since its introduction as a 2020 model. this year, hyundai has given the 3-row crossover suv an update with improvements that add up to a substantial makeover. \u201cthe palisade\u2019s striking and richly appointed interior would impress in many luxury suvs,\u201d says allan. \u201cno matter which trim level you pick, you won\u2019t feel cheated,\u201d says senior editor russ heaps. brandt says, \u201cthe 2023 update is more than just a facelift; it now has the rugged-looking xrt trim and more luxury options like a massaging driver\u2019s seat and heated third-row seats.\u201d executive editor brian moody says, \u201cthe palisade\u2019s updates are enough to keep it fresh while not messing with a winning formula.\u201d see 2023 hyundai palisade models for sale near you. starting at $26,290, the 2023 kia sportage represents the start of the fifth generation of sportage models sold in the u.s. since 1995. the current model is available with an internal combustion gasoline-only (ice), hybrid gas-electric (hev), or plug-in hybrid (phev) powertrain. kia has sold over five million sportage suvs worldwide during its run, and the latest version is the best yet. \u201cit\u2019s hard to express what a dramatic improvement the sportage is,\u201d says harwood. \u201cmore refined, more powerful, and much bigger inside. this generation of the sportage is very easy to recommend.\u201d senior editor frankie rogers gives the sportage her highest endorsement. \u201cif it\u2019s possible to be in love with a car, then i\u2019m in love with the 2023 kia sportage hybrid,\u201d she says. \u201cwhy? because kia does everything right with the sportage hybrid. from the punchy 1.6-liter turbocharged engine that puts out 227 hp to the luxury look and feel of the interior to its advanced safety tech and driver-assist features. not to mention, the sportage\u2019s styling, which exudes confidence.\u201d. \u201cthe latest sportage feels like a quantum leap over the past model and another cinderella story for kia,\u201d says degen. \u201cwhat was once a competent but rather dowdy compact suv has been recast as a stylish, tech-laden, and highly alluring competitor in the red-hot compact suv segment.\u201d see 2023 kia sportage models for sale near you. a newly redesigned sports car always raises our temperature. when it\u2019s an attainable update of a classic, we\u2019re in danger of overheating. the 2023 nissan z (starting at $39,990) takes over the lineage that began with the datsun 240z in 1970 and ran through the nissan 370z, the sixth-generation car that left production last year. the new z shares a chassis with the outgoing model. however, it wears a new skin, a new interior, and a 400-hp twin-turbo v6 under its long hood. \u201cthe newest nissan z is a nice evolution over the aged 370z. while it\u2019s not a reinvention of the z car, the touches to the past blend well with the modern powertrain and excellent exterior styling,\u201d says glucker. \u201ca fun 2-seater, whether heading to the store or ripping through the turns on tennessee\u2019s tail of the dragon. its torquey turbo v6 is the gift that just keeps on giving,\u201d says heaps. \u201cthis new z has just enough retro and just modern enough to make it stand out. the nod to the past is obvious in many areas of the car, but the performance is thoroughly modern. an excellent sports car all around,\u201d says moody. see 2023 nissan z models for sale near you. and the next hot new sports car is a corolla? while the toyota corolla is the best-selling car in history, few have mistaken it for a sports car. until now. the 2023 toyota gr corolla (starting at $35,900) takes the compact 5-door hatchback concept to its extreme. toyota gave it over to the maniacs at gazoo racing (gr) for retuning. the result: the gr corolla is fitted with a 300-hp 3-cylinder turbo, all-wheel drive, and a 6-speed manual transmission. high-performance brakes and a circuit-tuned suspension, not to mention a big ol\u2019 wing, assure the gr corolla is a genuine performer. \u201cthe gr corolla is the most fun i\u2019ve had behind the wheel of a new car in the past year \u2026 maybe the past few years. it\u2019s everything an enthusiast should want from a performance machine. in fact, it feels more like a homologated rally car special than a souped-up corolla,\u201d says glucker. \u201ci\u2019m shocked \u2026 shocked \u2026 that the most emotive car i\u2019ve driven in recent memory is a corolla,\u201d says muzio. \u201cif you\u2019re not excited about the gr corolla, you might be dead,\u201d says nestora. see 2023 toyota gr corolla models for sale near you. the 2001 toyota prius was revolutionary when it went on sale in the u.s. since then, \u201cprius\u201d has become shorthand for \u201chybrid,\u201d which has not always been meant as praise. with the new 2023 prius, toyota sheds the utilitarian looks and sluggish performance for a sleek, modern, fun-to-drive hybrid sure to awaken the masses again. starting at $27,450, the new prius demonstrates that a pure ev is not the only way. \u201cthe new 2023 toyota prius is like a normal car from the future. it has the efficiency you\u2019d expect from a prius, plus the latest tech and a lovely design that won\u2019t embarrass the driver,\u201d says brandt. \u201ctalk about a \u201cglow-up!\u201d the prius has never looked as good as it does now.\u202fsee y\u2019all, hybrids don\u2019t have to be ugly,\u201d says nestora. \u201cit\u2019s quite impressive to go from an anonymous hybrid appliance to a car that causes people to step back and take a second look,\u201d says glucker. \u201cthe prius design glow-up is one of the most impressive stories in the automotive world from the past year.\u201d\u00a0see 2023 toyota prius models for sale near you. the best cars and best deals delivered to your inbox. 2020 hyundai sonata hybrid: first look. best new cars for 2022. best car deals: april 2023. 10 best used 3-row suvs under $20,000. best interiors under $50,000 for 2023. 10 cheapest new electric cars. best used 2-row suvs on a $15,000 budget. by khristopher j. brooks. february 16, 2023 / 10:00 am\n          / moneywatch. some of the safest and most reliable cars to buy in 2023 are gas-electric hybrids from foreign automakers like nissan and toyota, according to consumer reports' \"best cars of the year\" ranking. consumer reports bases its annual list on scores compiled in a variety of categories, including road-test performance, reliability, owner satisfaction and safety.and this year, hybrids dominated the consumer group's best cars list. \"the good news is cars are lasting longer, but this is a purchase you're going to have for a long time so it pays to do your homework,\" jake fisher, consumer reports' senior director of auto testing, told cbs moneywatch. in a separate announcement, consumer reports also named bmw the best overall car brand for 2023, followed by suburu, mini, lexus and honda. consumer reports named buick the top u.s. car brand. the car market has been on a roller-coaster in recent years, exacerbated by a severe semiconductor chip shortage during the pandemic\u00a0and other supply-chain snags that slowed auto production. americans rushed to buy cars after pandemic restrictions were lifted but automakers couldn't keep pace with demand,\u00a0sending vehicle prices through the roof. although used car prices have cooled, new car prices are still climbing, according to\u00a0data\u00a0from kelley blue book. \"the days of deep discounts are gone,\" fisher said. \"it's a confusing market and it's more complicated than ever.\". in recent years, automakers have expanded their electric and hybrid options across sedans, pickups and suvs and upgraded the standard features of nearly every model. gone are the days when auto buyers had to pay a hefty price for upgrades like heads-up displays and led headlights, fisher said. \"the market has absolutely changed and cars have all those features now,\" he said. \"you can get a car with leather seats and the latest infotainment system and navigation standard.\". safety and features matter, but price is still the no. 1 factor customers use when shopping for a car, said ivan drury, the director of insights at edmunds. \"safety can be a hard sell,\" drury told cbs moneywatch. \"many of these features can be lifesavers, but it is a lot more difficult to test drive a safety feature if it requires the vehicle and driver to be involved in an accident to be exposed to the true benefits.\". eight of the vehicles are new to this year's list, and six of them emit low amounts of greenhouse gasses, consumer reports said. hybrid and electric models \u2014 including the chevrolet bolt and the kia sportage hybrid \u2014 also topped edmunds' list of top-rated cars to buy this year. here are consumer reports' top 10 cars to consider buying in 2023 and what makes them strong picks. the compact pickup truck is ideal for someone with an active lifestyle who doesn't just want a small suv, according to consumer reports. the interior boasts a low floor and several storage nooks. the boxy suv with v-6 engine is both roomy and comfortable, even for passengers in the second- and third-row seats. the front-seat passenger will enjoy the large infotainment screen near the dashboard. the all-electric hatchback offers a 149-mile range per battery charge. the driver's seat is positioned higher than most cars, providing a better view of the road ahead, the consumer group said. the rear seat is more spacious than you might expect in this luxury hybrid suv. perhaps its best feature is epa-estimated 39 mpg fuel economy. operating this four-door sedan feels more like driving a sports car, consumer reports said. while the interior is very basic, the agile steering and swift acceleration are a plus. the santa fe hybrid is a great choice for those who want to use electric power more than gas. it comes with a slew of safety features like blind-spot warning and lane-keeping technology. the gas-powered forester is designed to give solid crash protection and a roomy cabin. it has been on consumer reports' top 10 list for a decade. among the subcompact suvs, the corolla cross offers a more spacious interior. it has proven to be one of the most reliable gas-engine cars among consumer reports' testing. the corolla hybrid offers 40 miles per gallon, which is close to the fuel economy of the much pricier prius, according to consumer reports. the 2023 model also offers all-wheel drive. the camry hybrid is a comfortable ride with simple controls and a solid 47 mpg fuel economy, consumer reports found. some of its safety features include lane-departure warnings and adaptive cruise control. khristopher j. brooks is a reporter for cbs moneywatch covering business, consumer and financial stories that range from economic inequality and housing issues to bankruptcies and the business of sports. first published on february 16, 2023 / 10:00 am. \u00a9 2023 cbs interactive inc. all rights reserved. copyright \u00a92023 cbs interactive inc. all rights reserved. quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. market data provided by ice data services. ice limitations. powered and implemented by factset. news provided by the associated press. legal statement. it\u2019s hard to say because you never know what can change for a new model year, but i\u2019d trust toyota and honda before anything. land cruiser? mostly trucks and other cars that habe always been known for reliability such as the 4runner. i think the camry is still known for being reliable as well but im not too sure. land cruiser. or most honda's and toyota's in general. basically any car from toyota. the answer remains miata because at 500k it will still be worth fixing. consumer report 2020 top 10 reliable cars (in no particular order):- toyota prius prime- toyota prius- mazda mx-5 miata- lexus gx- hyundai kona- mazda cx-3- lexus nx- toyota 4-runner- mazda cx-9- lexus gs range rover. you\u2019ll just need to replace the engine and drivetrain every 50k miles and you\u2019ll make it to 500k no problem. probably a prius, or any ev or hybrid. hybrids have less strain on wear & tear items since the engine is only running half the time, and evs don't have fluids to worry about or many mechanically parts to break. battery may be an issue in the long run, but will likely only effect the range and not overall drivability. toyota aygo best in surveys i'm looking to buy a new vehicle from a dealer.  looking to spend 25k.  reliability and fuel economy are really the only 2 things i care about.  any ideas? location: illinois    price range:60k    lease or buy: buy    new or used:  used    type of vehicle: truck based suv, midsize suv    must haves: awd/4x4, heated and cooled seats, heated steering wheel    desired transmission auto    intended use: daily driver,vehicles you've already considered: tahoe/yukon, expedition, x5 or x7    is this your 1st vehicle: no    do you need a warranty: no    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: yes    can you do major work on your own vehicle: (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc )  no&#x200b;&#x200b;&#x200b;i am looking to replace my aging sequoia.  i would like to replace it for something like it.  i dont want another tree, so something different in the group.  looking at 2018-2020 tahoes and denali's with the 6.2l, expeditions, and i always loved the x5.  the x7 might be too new, but i do like the space. &#x200b;reliability is very important.  the sequoia has been zero issues in the 5 years, and its at 165k miles.  i had a denali before, and loved it, but i had to sell it.  the tahoe is available with the 6.2l.  i like the v8 sound and low end torques.  i never had a ford, so the expedition wins with the newest factor, but loses with the v6, and have heard of cam phasers issues.&#x200b;bmw looks amazing to me, but i had a 335i and lived through the fuel pump replacements and my local dealer is kinda lame.  &#x200b;which direction should i focus? any other ones i should think about?reliability is a very high.  getting to a dealer and finding a ride is my biggest stress.  repair cost is not an issue, as getting my car over and getting rides/rentals will make me sell the car quickly.v8 sound and torque is nice, but not neededspace is wayyy up there.  the sequioa is like a house inside, and its nice to haul people or stuff without worrying about room location: usa (south)price range: $10k-15k (usd)lease or buy: buynew or used: usedtype of vehicle: suv (will consider bigger crossovers)must haves: reliability desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): autointended use: daily driver, occasional long trips, occasional outdoorsy stuffvehicles you've already considered: honda crv, toyota rav4, vw tiguan, chevrolet trailblazer, ford escapeis this your 1st vehicle: no, seconddo you need a warranty: nopecan you do minor work on your own vehicle: prefer not to have tocan you do major work on your own vehicle: no wayadditional notes: i drive a smaller coup right now that is 20+ years old. it's time to upgrade and i want something with more space for myself and my dogs. it will mostly be my daily driver but i wouldn't hate having 4wd/awd capabilities. i'd prefer to buy cheaper than a toyota or honda but if i'm going to save the money on maintenance with one of those anyway, i'll buy once / cry once. location: midwest, usaprice range: 12,500-25klease or buy: buynew or used: usedtype of vehicle: hatchback or crossover (maybe small suv)must haves: reliability, fuel efficiencydesired transmission (auto/manual, etc): automaticintended use: daily drivervehicles you've already considered: n/ais this your 1st vehicle: no.do you need a warranty: preferredcan you do minor work on your own vehicle: nocan you do major work on your own vehicle: noadditional notes: my 2014 chevy cruze 1.4l turbo is shitting the bed and costing me an arm and a leg. the turbo just went out on it at 92k miles. i would like a little bit bigger of a car, and one that is very reliable and fuel efficient. not looking to have a car payment of over $500 at the absolute max. location: pa    price range: $10-22k    lease or buy: buy    new or used: used    type of vehicle: fast, sporty, & reliable    must haves: great handling and acceleration, seats 5    desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): auto w/ electronic manual    intended use: daily driver    vehicles you've already considered: mini cooper countryman    is this your 1st vehicle: no    do you need a warranty: no    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: yes    can you do major work on your own vehicle: yes    additional notes: looking for the (sexiest and fastest) reliable car i can for around $15-18k location: toronto    price range: 10,000-20,000 (preferably under 15k if possible)    lease or buy: buy    new or used: used    type of vehicle: car. sports car, sedan, etc. just not truck or suv or anything of that nature.    must haves: v8 is ideal    desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): automatic    intended use: daily driver    vehicles you've already considered:    is this your 1st vehicle: no    do you need a warranty: no    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: yes    can you do major work on your own vehicle: yes    additional notes: just looking for something cheap, fun and reliable to put mileage on. ideally something after 2010 but not sure what is realistic. location: france   price range: 10,000\u20ac maximum    lease or buy: buy    new or used: used    type of vehicle: car. sedan, or coup\u00e9 sport by preference  must haves: high interior confort and place (im very tall and its hard to fit in some cars), nice acceleration (a little turbo is a great +)  desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): manual  intended use: daily driver, i do ~20 000km per year  vehicles you've already considered:citro\u00ebn c5 exclusive, peugeot 508  is this your 1st vehicle: no    do you need a warranty: no    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: yes    can you do major work on your own vehicle: no   additional notes: i have a citro\u00ebn c5 exclusive, great car, very reliable and confortable for tall guys, i search something with similar feeling of driving. ideally something after 2015 but not sure what is realistic. **location**: western canada**price range:** $4000-$7000**lease or buy:** buy**new or used:** used**type of vehicle:** minivan, crossover, van, wagon**must haves:** a/c, lots of room**desired transmission:** manual would be nice, but i\u2019ll settle for an auto**intended use:** road trips, camping, outings with groups of more than 4**vehicles considered:** mazda 5, ford escape**is this your 1st vehicle**: no, and it will serve as a second vehicle**warranty**: no**minor work**: yes**major work**: some things location: sydney, australiaprice range: $5000 aud (yes it\u2019s not much)lease or buy: buynew or used: usedtype of vehicle: car/hatch/crossovermust haves: fuel efficient (under 8-9l/100km), cheap to insure, reliabilitydesired transmission: autointended use: daily drivervehicles you've already considered:toyota camry (decent choice but quite boring and fuel eco isn\u2019t the best)  lexus is200 (excellent choice but fuel eco is 10l+ and it\u2019s quite slow too \u2013 would reconsider tho)  subaru liberty (good fuel eco, nice interior, but apparently they\u2019re unreliable? ej25 is apparently not a good option \u2014 saw a 2007 the other day with only 105k kms for $5k)  honda accord (not bad, does seem to be trashed quite often tho)is this your 1st vehicle: yesdo you need a warranty: yes but not in this price range lolcan you do minor work on your own vehicle: (fluids, alternator, battery, brake pads etc): never tried but i think i could work it outcan you do major work on your own vehicle: (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc): nopeadditional notes: i know this is a difficult one. fun + cheap + economical doesn\u2019t really go together. ideally i would have picked up a lexus is300 last year before the prices went crazy on them. i found one for only $6000 with barely any kms on it. it wasn\u2019t abused too like most of them. now the prices have shot up because everyone realised it\u2019s essentially a budget supra.i don\u2019t need a car\u2026 only looking to buy one if i can get something fun and cheap. is200 is ideal and is the closest thing to a sporty car - the fuel economy is just so damn bad, and with today\u2019s fuel prices, i\u2019m not liking the sound of 10.5l/100km on a sedan. location: seattle, wa (hilly, rainy often, nice weather in the summer)price range: \\~$5000 (bit flexible, \\~$1000 tolerance)lease or buy: buynew or used: usedtype of vehicle: standard car, (would be nice if a bit sporty, though not a necessity) any form-factor, (no suv or big car, yes to hatchback, sedan, etc.) 2-door and 4-door, toward the smaller sizes.must haves: have a decent trunk, (enough to carry groceries and whatnot) good gas consumption, if manual, easy to use, reliable without much maintenance.desired transmission: either, manual sounds really fun to learn, but since i'm primarily doing city driving and having to pay a lot of attention to the road, i'm not sure. plus my neighborhood has a bunch of hills. i'm still up for the challenge.intended use: car to get around, to school, friends houses, events, take someone somewhere, pickup brother, etc. not many miles would be put on it all the time, but i'd still like to take it out for fun cruises.vehicles you've already considered: mazda miata na/nb, (top pick so far, convertible is fucking sick and comfortable) golf/gli, (probably second pick, good space) honda civic eg/ek hatch/sedan, toyota celica, (cool design) mini cooper, (back seat very crammed, sort of useless) honda prelude, primarily 90s to 2000s cars. smaller ones though.is this your 1st vehicle: yes!do you need a warranty: nopecan you do minor work on your own vehicle: am i up for the task? of course! do i have the equipment? (jacks, tools, etc.) probably not. i like taking apart things and fixing things myself.can you do major work on your own vehicle: no, i'm trying to learn a lot more about the mechanical aspects of the car, but i'm not at that point yet.additional: i just want a cheap, reliable car that has cheap repairs and is fun. initially, i thought it would be cool to have a car with a big trunk, big backseats, but i've realized that that's just not really a need for me. i won't be taking big things with me, mostly just backpacks, grocery bags, etc. and two seats are totally fine, i have fallen in love with the miata, so i am willing to make the sacrifice. :)&#x200b;thanks so much! for the subcompact hatch class, the honda fit was perfect. small on the outside, huge on the inside. can be a sporty hot hatch when you want it, or can be a fuel-saver when you need it. interior quality is better than anything else in it's class and has interior room to rival a small suv, not to mention no blind spots at all. stylish for all three generations still looks fresh despite being more than 10 years old. the only two reasons why i'm trading up to a subcompact suv (like a hyundai kona or subaru crosstrek) is because i'm getting into an outdoorsy lifestyle and driving the fit on anything more than an unpaved road is terrifying and also because i've had back injuries in the past and sinking into a low hatch can be something of a challenge when my back acts up. 10 years ago, there were all these subcompact hatch comparisons between the fit, chevy sonic, hyundai accent, kia rio, suzuki sx4, ford fiesta, toyota yaris, nissan versa note, etc (and the fit always won every comparison). today, only the kia rio hatchback is the only subcompact hatch for sale in north america. not to be a circlejerk, but i think the maverick is a perfect example of those traits. even a top spec model is reasonably priced for something that would be well suited to a wide variety of buyers gr86 and *blackwing* for me. flawless at what they're each supposed to do. from a value and marketing perspective, the new bronco was executed *flawlessly* imo. ford brought back an extremely popular name and didn\u2019t just slap it on some suv. they built a capable 4x4 with retro-modern styling that perfectly sets its sights on a market that has been ruled by the wrangler for decades. it makes few compromises for its target demographic, and just like the competition, it can be had in a barebones trim or packaged to the heavens for those who are after something a bit more comfortable or a bit more special. dealer markups aside, it has an incredible value & performance for the money looking at msrp #s. tons of demos love it. the usual rugged 4x4 fans (who are usually found buying wranglers or tacoma trd pros if buying new), the original bronco fans, and the general populace of \u201cwell-off\u201d buyers who would rather buy a spec\u2019d out off-road inspired vehicle than a luxury crossover or suv. honorable mentions would be the gr-86 (leaned into \u201cporsche-esque styling, gave it more grunt, kept it affordable and ever capable in the corners), and just about anything being made by genesis right now for the luxury segment. for an a-b commuter, the rav4 hybrid is all the car the majority of us ever really need. the mk7 gti was the absolute perfect blend of so many desirable traits, especially a lesser trim for less money.classy exterior, fun interior with plaid seats, comfortable, practical, plenty fast, great to drive, and amazing value. the current (10th gen) honda accord. it was my prior car and it checked sooo many boxes. mine was a touring with the 2.0, msrp was like $37,000 or so when i got it.  it was quick, drove and handled well, got good milage, reliable (except for some quality issues, infotainment and rear deck rattle were my biggest complaints, no other issues).  it had nearly every feature that a modern car can have: hud, heated/ventilated front seats heated rear, acc, lane centering, app based functions like remote start. it was big without feeling too big, the backseat is gigantic, the trunk is much bigger than you expected, i hauled a surprising amount of stuff and people around. it was nicer than people expected, not top end bmw or mercedes, but i've been in some lower end 3 series and c classes and the base trims felt a lot cheaper than my accord. however, there was a more \"tinny\" feeling to the accord. a run through the car wash was all you needed to remind you why it costs so much less. but it was a great car. toyota gr yaristhe most fun you can have in a modern car, comfortable enough to daily, affordable, reasonably economical, scotty kilmer approved reliability, fits two children in the back and two more in the trunk, easy to park, just about every aftermarket company in japan and the major ones in europe working on it. i'm gonna get shit for it but i think as a daily the new mazda3 turbo hits on basically everything you could want/need from an isolation, audio quality, power, reliability, and cost of operation perspective (unless you have kids needing those bulky child seats).its a relatively luxurious environment, thats relatively nice to drive, it's power band is absolutely geared towards daily driving and being able to overtake at a moments notice/switch lanes.im thinking of a comparison here to the 330i for example. i'm sure the bmw is better dynamically, especially at the edge, but the fully maxed mazda with way more features is what, over 5k cheaper? jb4 has a beta tune that puts the car near 300hp for 500 bucks (but you can also use regular fuel for a more relaxed tune, saving money). comma ai systems work with mazda products and give you lane keeping, lane changing, and stop and go on par with some really good systems for 2k.realistically people complain about torsion beam rear end (which is minor day to day imo) and the fact that there's no hybridization, even a mild hybrid would help its city fuel consumption a great deal, extending its range and reducing ownership costs. i nominate the new civic.  bland jetta-like styling aside, it keeps the strengths of the previous generation (great efficiency for not being a hybrid, fun dynamics, optional liftback, good cvt) and adds a better interior, tons of passenger and cargo space, intuitive controls, great driver assistance (standard on every us trim, compatible with manual transmission, and capable of full acceleration and steering in traffic), a bose audio system in the top trim, and a well-designed digital gauge cluster.  it has better suspension and visibility than the mazda3 (although the 3 has its own strengths).  most people shouldn't buy an accord when the civic can hold 4 adults and all the cargo they need. please use the following template in your post.**location:** south florida**price range:** 15k usd**lease or buy:** buy**new or used:** used**type of vehicle:** hatchback or sedan**must haves:** 20+ mpg, space in interior.**desired transmission** either or**intended use:** daily driver**vehicles you've already considered:** mk6 mk5 golf/gti, civic ek, ej, integra, wrx**is this your 1st vehicle:** yes**do you need a warranty:** no**can you do minor work on your own vehicle:** (fluids, alternator, battery, brake pads etc) yes**can you do major work on your own vehicle:** (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc ) no**additional notes:** buying in 2 to 3 years, intending to keep for a while, want to actually enjoy driving, not looking for power.\u200b looking to buy a used subaru outback.  it\u2019s a 2003 with 86k miles.  really good condition.  it was used in new hampshire and massachusetts so i\u2019m a little concerned about rust on the undercarriage from road salt, etc.  the carfax shows regular services and good maintenance but they did replace a number of parts recently, namely the front struts, exhaust pipe, muffler, and brake rotors.  would this be any sign of rust deterioration?  or would it be a non-issue since they have all been replaced?  would love some advice!  thank you! looking for first car for a road trip around usa and canada. some off-road but mostly road driving. car camping compatible preferred. not planning to see much snow.**location:** usa, bay area, socal (planning road trip starting there, have family in the area can shop around)**price range:**  0 - $25k? not sure what is reasonable. i want to get something reliable and can pay more for reliability. what is a reasonable range for what i'm looking for?**lease or buy:** buy**new or used:** either**type of vehicle:** crossover or anything else car camping friendly**must haves:** not sure but probably awd, fuel efficient, trunk space**desired transmission**: auto or manual are fine**intended use:** road trip around us lower 48 and canada**vehicles you're already considering:** none seriously, just starting to search and reading suggestions on reddit. subaru outback 2020 looks decent so far.**is this your 1st vehicle:** yes**do you need a warranty:** not sure, do i?**can you do work on your vehicle:** i don't know how to do any but am open to learning.thank you in advance for your suggestions! please let me know if there is a stickied thread with this kind of information that i can refer to. out of all new compact sedans currently sold in the us (civic, corolla, elantra, forte, impreza, jetta, 3, sentra), which one can best accommodate 3 passengers in the rear? no, i won't step up to a midsize or a suv, i just want the best option within the segment. location: northern california, usa    price range: $7,000 - $10,500    lease or buy: buy    new or used: used    type of vehicle: sedan, maybe a small suv    must haves: flexible    desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): automatic    intended use: i don't commute anymore, but daily to and fro would be nice    vehicles you've already considered:i'm about to pull the trigger on a used 2010 mazda cx-7 with 110k miles:\\- original owner. older gentleman who is an accountant and clearly fussy about maintenance (the guy i bought my totaled accord from also had that profile).    \\- full service records. never been in an accident, stored indoors, oil changed every 3k miles. spotless background report.    \\- no rips or stains or smells in leather interior.    \\- new battery and front brakes done last year, michelin tires put in 10k miles ago, new serpentine belt.    \\- zero scratches or dings on the car at all.i'm having a mobile inspector i trust look at the vehicle tomorrow a.m., after which i will have to pull the trigger if i want it. price is $8k, a smidge on the high side per kbb private party, but considering everything that was just put into the car and its rare excellent condition, i'm willing to pay it if it points to reliability and spares me headaches. i've seen no other cars in my area/budget that are this well taken care of.    the only thing that gives me pause is that i know nothing about mazdas, let alone the cx-7. photos here:  https://imgur.com/luugjgh  https://imgur.com/lrdpc15  https://imgur.com/gmibtrs    is this your 1st vehicle: no, have had 2 honda accords. have been incredibly pleased with their reliability, but after my last one was totaled in an accident, have had a really hard time finding one in decent shape and in the price range, probably because of inflation/supply chain issues.  am thinking of buying the mazda cx-7.  i know it's not as reliable as honda, but hope it's still decent.  scared to switch.    do you need a warranty: no.    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: (fluids, alternator, battery, brake pads etc): not really, but have a good mechanic.    can you do major work on your own vehicle: (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc ): same as above.    additional notes: would appreciate some opinions on whether this would be a good, or at least decent, buy. thanks! please use the following template in your post.**location:** north carolina**price range:** 30-40k usd**lease or buy:** buy**new or used:** either**type of vehicle:** sports car**must haves:** fun**desired transmission** manual**intended use:** toy/project car**vehicles you've already considered:** triumph spitfire, tvr 2500, etc etc**is this your 1st vehicle:** no**do you need a warranty:** no**can you do minor work on your own vehicle:** (fluids, alternator, battery, brake pads etc) yes**can you do major work on your own vehicle:** (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc ) mostly, and wanting to learn the rest**additional notes:** inherited some money, wanting to buy something small, impractical, and british while i'm young and not tied to anyone else. heart has been set on a triumph tr4a with the irs for a while. thought is to buy a decently sorted one, not a perfect restoration. i'd like to do a little work on it to make it mine, but not be doing ground up bondo work and rust fighting. those tend to go anywhere from 20-30k. i am afraid that i'll want more speed after the fact and then i'll feel guilty modifying a semi-rare vintage car. i need to find a way to test drive one or two first. one positive is that they seem to be holding in value well, so i won't take a bath if i need to sell it or decide it's not for me.the catch is that the thought of building a caterham has infected my brain recently and i've had a hard time shaking it. they seem so damn fun to drive, but are even less practical. they are more expensive, but seem to appreciate and hold their value after you build them. it'd be the perfect dumb purchase for a single late-20's guy. i poked around some forums and i could maybe track down one to test drive but it seems it'd be tougher than the triumph.have thought about for the price of a caterham i can buy the triumph and a motorcycle and get best of both worlds, but that's also an extra vehicle and extra gear and insurance and i'd have to learn how to drive a motorcycle and all that. \u200bso really looking for opinions on the choice and any alternatives are welcome. location: michigan  price range: up to $50,000  lease or buy: buy   new or used: either  type of vehicle: suv  must haves: awd is a big one - need something good in snow.  desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): auto  intended use: family car  vehicles you've already considered: toyota 4runner  is this your 1st vehicle: no  do you need a warranty: no  can you do minor work on your own vehicle: no  can you do major work on your own vehicle: no  additional notes: looking for a solid family car that can fit our newborn + dog. like taking weekend trips to the cottage, and need something more reliable for the snow (currently have two sedans) location: midwestprice range: ~15klease or buy: buynew or used: usedtype of vehicle: hatchback, wagon, crossovermust haves: awd, good capacity, fun handling, decent powerdesired transmission (auto/manual, etc): autointended use: daily driver, long road tripscan you work on your vehicle: definitely notnotes: looking for a fun, practical car that has awd drive, decent cargo capacity, and won't break the bank in terms of maintenance. i'm coming off of a moderately fun sedan that is just impractical for my lifestyle, and i hate how most crossovers drive. i'd love a car that is fun to push around, but i don't care too much about raw power. an added bonus would be the ability to sleep in the back if necessary (i've done this more than i'd like to admit). **location:** united kingdom  **price range:** any to \u00a32500**lease or buy:** buy**new or used:** used**type of vehicle:** hatchback, saloon, estate, convertible  **must haves:** turbo would be a 'nice-to-have', however i'm aiming for 170hp+, sunroof and decent sound system with bluetooth (or being able easily add bluetooth)**desired transmission** manual, obviously. **intended use:** daily**vehicles you've already considered:**  r53 mini cooper s (hatch & convertible)  saab 9-3 (all bodies)  ford focus st 2.5l  seat leon fr**is this your 1st vehicle:** no**do you need a warranty:** no**can you do minor work on your own vehicle:** fluids, topups etc, yes. breaks, no. *see notes***can you do major work on your own vehicle:** *see notes*  **additional notes:** i'm wanting to use this car, as my first 'performance' car to learn how to work on my own car and enjoy driving etc. i did a 10 week vehicle mechanics course and enjoyed it, but not enough to peruse it as a career. i'm down to two options, a 2021 rav4 xle premium awd or a 2021 chevy trailblaizer rs awd. i am having a heck of a time deciding. the rav4 is slightly higher priced, but as a current toyota owner i enjoy the reliability. i appreciate your thoughts on this! made the same comment last week, think i need to cast as wide a net as possiblelocation: slc, utprice range: max $10klease or buy: buynew or used: usedtype of vehicle: i love the idea of a luxury/sports sedan but pretty much anything is on the table. i really don\u2019t care for suvs or crossovers but i\u2019m sure the right one could sway memust haves: reliability has to be priority #1 but i would love something with nice driving dynamics and a little bit of lower-end torque for city drivingdesired transmission (auto/manual, etc): manual preferred but not mandatory. i would rather get something a little sporty with an auto than a boring stickintended use: daily + weekend fun carvehicles you've already considered: miata, infiniti g35/37, volvo s60, ford taurus, subaru wrx, mini cooperis this your 1st vehicle: nodo you need a warranty: nocan you do minor work on your own vehicle: super basic things like battery and oil are manageable but i have very little in the way of tools and know-howcan you do major work on your own vehicle: noadditional notes: currently driving a turbo\u2019d \u201894 miata and love it to death. would absolutely drive it to the grave but the cost of maintaining a modded vehicle are proving to be steeper than i can accommodate. the original owner got forged rods and pins, turbo, aem series 2 ecu, suspension, clutch, exhaust all aftermarket and i\u2019m sure a few others things i\u2019m forgetting but it ended up sitting in a shed for almost a decade. been getting it back into shape and dailying it over the last 2 years but i think i have to accept the fact that paying a shop for diagnostics, parts and labor on a modded vehicle everytime something rusts out isn\u2019t sustainable.i know nothing in my price range is going to compete with this car, especially with the markets as they are but i have to get something with at least a little bit of fun factor that i can in good conscience show my wife to make it easier to let go of my current car. we\u2019re considering selling mine now while the market is crazy and waiting a few months to see if it cools down at all, should we have any reason to believe used cars are going to be closer to sane prices in 6 months? location: austria (north of vienna)    price range: around 10.000\u20ac \\~ 12.000$     lease or buy: buy    new or used: both is okay, but because of my budget i guess used \\^\\^    type of vehicle: station wagons, crossover, suv, hatchbacks    must haves: 4/5 doors, comfortable for 4 people, reliable for quite some time, fuel efficient on highways, cruise control    desired transmission: manual (but i am open for others)    intended use: mainly highway and country road driving but sometimes (max once per week) driving in the city    vehicles you've already considered: skoda fabia, hyundai i20 and i10, seat ibiza, opel corsa (but just based on some short research)    is this your 1st vehicle: kind of (my first one had a gearbox failure after \\~2000 miles)    do you need a warranty: no    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: yes    can you do major work on your own vehicle: no    additional notes: i mainly want to get from a to b. the car should be comfortable to drive with cruise control and it should have the power to overtake slow drivers if required. as stated it will be mainly used on higways and therefore it should be capable to handle the fuel consumption at that speed.    after all, i really don't care about the car expect for it beeing able to transport me and not beeing to expensive in acquirement, fuel and reparation costs. thanks for your recommendations! **location:** philadelphia pa, usa**price range:** $12,000 (cash)**lease or buy:** buy**new or used:** used**type of vehicle:** sedan (or crossover)**must haves:** reliability and low cost of maintenance **desired transmission** (auto/manual, etc): auto**intended use:** commuting (short daily commute)**vehicles you've already considered:** not yet**is this your 1st vehicle:** no**do you need a warranty:** i guess not **can you do minor work on your own vehicle:** no**can you do major work on your own vehicle:** no**additional notes:** i live in the city and my wife and i have one car, 2020 forester. hopefully getting a new job but will now have to commute via car rather than train. in an ideal world i would find some used car that is reliable and i could pay cash ($12k). would use almost exclusively for commute and we would use the forester for trips, stuff with kid, etc. any thoughts on specific cars or best way to get a car that fits this bill much appreciated!edit: should mention my goal is to not take out a loan, see if i can just pay cash to avoid monthly payments and interest. location: new jersey, us    price range: 2k-15k    lease or buy: buy    new or used: used    type of vehicle: any- preferably suv/convertible>sedan>coupe    must haves: low maintenance, cheap in the long run(approx. 3 years)    desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): any    intended use: daily driver    vehicles you've already considered: maxda cx5 2015(suv), miata(convertible)\\*do not know if it can be a daily driver\\*, mazda 6, honda accord/civic, toyota corolla    is this your 1st vehicle: yes in the us.    do you need a warranty: yes    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: no    can you do major work on your own vehicle: no    additional notes: want something that is fun to drive and a daily driver. was driving around in a 2015 honda cr-v amazing car but got a little bored. i am open to any and all suggestions except buying a new car. **location:** milwaukee, wi / la crosse, wi  **price range:** $5k-$12k  **lease or buy:** buy  **new or used:** used  **type of vehicle:** sedan, crossover, minivan  **must haves:** reliable, 20+ mpg, trunk space  **desired transmission:** auto preferred, manual acceptable  **intended use:** daily driver, 1-2k mile road trip 1-2x per year  **vehicles already considered:** toyota camry, kia forte, mazda5 sport  **is this your 1st vehicle:** yes  **do you need a warranty:** no, but it is preferred  **can you do minor work on your vehicle:** yes  **can you do major work on your vehicle:** no  **additional notes:** i graduate college in 12 weeks, and i\u2019m looking to buy my first car in order to commute 30 miles/day as well as go on the occasional road trip with my buddies. ample storage space is preferred in order to store snowboard bags, camping supplies, etc. looking hardcore for a decently fast new suv. preferably 0-60 in under 6.5 seconds. something that's fun and pulls you back a little with torque. but it needs to be reliable in the snow and have good handling. i'm between a few ideas, 2021 mazda cx-5 turbo, 2021 volvo xc40, 2021 lincoln corsair, 2021 crosstrek limited, possibly a hyundai or kia.....i dunno a little leery on the transmission/engine problems i've heard aboutlocation: boston, maprice range: no more than $42,000lease or buy: buynew or used: new or used with under 20ktype of vehicle: suv awdmust haves: adaptive cruise control, keyless entry, app controlled remote start, lane keep assist, rear traffic alert, blind spot thingies, back up camera, sunroof,  heated/ventilated seats, digital dash, decent infotainment (would like mirror link), leather seats, ambient lighting in foot wellsdesired transmission: automaticintended use: daily driver vehicles you've already considered: up topis this your 1st vehicle: nodo you need a warranty: nocan you do minor work on your own vehicle: (fluids, alternator, battery, brake pads etc) yescan you do major work on your own vehicle: (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc )someadditional notes: i am really looking for something with decent power that's got all the bells and whistles. ..for under 42k sick of gas prices, and i need something small, plug in (power is cheap here) for a short daily commute. i already have an awd with excellent winter tires so the second car is strictly for plowed roads. location: montreal  price range: $40k-$60k cad  lease or buy: buy   new or used: either   type of vehicle: small car  must haves: plug in electric   desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): auto  intended use: daily driver for 1 person   vehicles you've already considered: prius, element, kia + hyndai plug in   is this your 1st vehicle: no  do you need a warranty: no  can you do minor work on your own vehicle: no  can you do major work on your own vehicle:  lol no a random question that i don't want to make a thread for: my new oil container cracked so i put it in my drain pan and it's been sitting out for a month or so. safe to use the oil or should i buy a new bottle? i know it hasn't gone bad but i don't want to a leaf in my engine oil. it's in a carport, not a garage long story short, i'll be buying a car sometime this year (hopefully in may/june) and looking for a small(er) sedan that i can buy new or nearly new and drive for the next 20 years or 200-250k miles.  ideally the price range would be around $25-30k of which i've got $7k saved up.  i had narrowed it down to civic, corolla, mazda 3 and someone suggested the kia forte so i'm adding that to the list as a dark horse.  problem is all but the mazda 3 have cvts and every single reviewer i've seen online or on yt mentions this as if it's a gigantic negative but never ever says why.  it's like they're telling someone not to drink out of a mud puddle or something and the reason is obvious.  should i be ruling out any models that have cvts if my goal is drive it forever?  i'll be honest my current car is a clunker and the only time i've ever driven a cvt has been in a short term rental on vacation or something.  if boring but reliable describes the car i end up with i'll be happy. hello all - i have owned a pretty shitty car most of my life. i currently drive a 2014 dodge dart sxt with ~75,000 miles on it and it has overall been great to me.i am looking for a new vehicle to purchase that will be family friendly, good for winter weather, and able to endure city life. i currently live in a large us city and my commute is not far at all. i commute daily so i was thinking i would keep the dart as my daily commute car (for as long as it lasts).the new car i had in mind is a subaru outback - wilderness edition (we hike and camp/travel to national parks a lot). my max price range is $60,000. i don't know much about cars and am just starting my research... i'm looking for any other suggestions that will fit my needs and perhaps some resources to help me out.thanks in advance everyone. location: usa, central tx  price range: 60-90k  lease or buy: lease, 3 yr / low mileage  new or used: new  type of vehicle: sedan or coupe. looking for something sporty and looking to splurge a little  must haves: needs to be fun to drive, good safety/convenience features  desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): auto  intended use: daily driver / weekend car - i work from home so will not be taking this out more than 3-5 times a week. sub 5000 miles / year  vehicles you've already considered: bmw 440i, cla250 4matic, supra  is this your 1st vehicle: no  do you need a warranty: no, though i'd expect one with a new car  can you do minor work on your own vehicle: yes  can you do major work on your own vehicle: no  additional notes: i'm currently driving a 2010 vw gti that is starting to be a pain in the ass with maintenance. i typically buy a car and keep it for years, but i'd like to lease something sporty and fun to drive as an \"in-between\" vehicle before purchasing an electric vehicle a few years down the road. i love my gti, it's incredibly fun to drive, and i'm looking for something to give me the same feel and excitement. i test drove the 440i and cla250, liked the 440i and hated the cla250 (i need something with a little more road feel, cla250 skewed too far on the luxury side). supra could be a good option but my dealership doesn't do test drives, and i've briefly thought about bending my budget a little for a porsche or a maserati though haven't test driven either. i haven't looked too much into amg but could be an option. given how quickly these cars end up getting purchased i'm a little worried about having to buy one without a test drive location: san diego, caprice range: 30-40klease or buy: buynew or used: eithertype of vehicle: sports carmust haves: rwd manual, better practicality and more modern features than my 911desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): manualintended use: kind of daily - maybe 50-60% of the time depending on my moodvehicles you've already considered: brz/gr86, camaro, challenger, mustang or gt350is this your 1st vehicle: nodo you need a warranty: nocan you do minor work on your own vehicle: (fluids, alternator, battery, brake pads etc): nocan you do major work on your own vehicle: (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc ): noadditional notes:i'm going one of two ways here - either a \"last of its kind\" manual japanese sports car or a beefy american v8. the intent is to compliment my 997.2 911. unfortunately, this car will need to be parked outside as i am out of garage space.japanese: the brz/gr86 are almost perfect these days and a new one is affordable. the storage space isn't bad since the seats go down. the downside is i don't really love or want a 4 cylinder boxer engine. miata is not the answer for me in this case because i don't need another, less practical convertible.american: the camaro is probably the best sports car, but also the least practical. i see it as being a bit too similar in its limitations to my 911. the challenger has the most appeal to me as far as the sound/size/power, but i am **really** skeptical of fca/stellantis products. i intend to keep both my 911 and the new car for quite a while and i have serious doubts about the reliability of the challenger, despite the fact that it's been around for ages. i've had a very good run so far with cars being reliable, so i'd hate to ruin that streak. a mustang gt/mach 1 or gt350 has a lot of appeal to me as well, though around here mustangs are a dime a dozen, which might work out in the used market. location: canada, vancouver    price range: 40k    lease or buy: finance    new or used: either one    type of vehicle: suv    must haves: 4x4, off-roading capability (ideally ev or hybrid)    desired transmission (auto/manual, etc): doesn't matter     intended use: daily use, off-roading    vehicles you've already considered:  4 runner, jeep wrangler hybrid, tacoma,     is this your 1st vehicle: second, my first one was rdx 2014 which is also my current one    do you need a warranty: nope    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: kinds of  can you do major work on your own vehicle: nope    additional notes:looking to upgrade my current suv into an off-roading/city car that doesn't break the bank and is good on gas, i'm currently looking into wrangler hybrid and it seems like a good buy to me, will do more research on it as i'm writing this, cheers. location: triad, north carolina  price range: 10k-14k, closer to 10k preferably   lease or buy: buy  new or used: used  type of vehicle: truck  must haves: standard or long bed. no short bed. 4x4 is a plus  desired transmission: auto  intended use: weekend use farm truck. hauling mulch, light towing.   is this your 1st vehicle: no  do you need a warranty: no  can you do minor work on your own vehicle: yes   can you do major work on your own vehicle: no  additional notes: existing truck was an \u201887 c10 with regular cab and long bed. need to upgrade to something less rundown. rather not get a dodge. how on earth did blue sushi make the list, and grey whale is left off for another year? i'll admit that blue has a vibe and cool design, but for me both the decor and menu are pretentious and overdone.chef hui guo has done a lot to make grey whale a classic, well-balanced establishment. i'd rather go there than to blue, which is a regional chain.sad. [here](https://www.caranddriver.com/features/a34493228/10best-2021/) is a link to the actual full 10best list, not just the ram 1500.price cap of $90k usd.spoiler list below:  * >!c8 corvette stingray!<  * >!genesis gv80!<  * >!honda accord!<  * >!kia telluride!<  * >!mazda cx-5!<  * >!porsche 718 (cayman & boxster)!<  * >!porsche macan!<  * >!ram 1500!<  * >!a90 toyota supra!<  * >!vw golf gti/jetta gli!< that flair deserves gold. too bad we're in r/cars and everyone including myself is kinda stingy. need to save that cash for the next auto related thingamabob.edit: you sonofabitch. did you mean to post this link? https://www.caranddriver.com/features/a34493228/10best-2021/the one you have is only for the ram. genesis has been around for just 4 years and has two 10best winners. that's impressive. great list, confused though how the 992 didn't make the cut. i may have forgotten but i don't think c&d puts vehicles in that price bracket on their 10 best?the macan is just an exceptional vehicle. it's an awful great imitation of a real sports car. my only gripe is the fact porsche won't produce a 4 door sedan of a similar size.not a single bmw made the cut and i'm not surprised. the 2-series/m2 has managed to a handful of times and is a great vehicle. x3m is also a great driver's car, everything else can go take a hike. i still don't like that they combined the cars, crossovers, and trucks. totally different vehicles tech and reliability? i\u2019d go audi for tech and lexus for reliability. there\u2019s no brand that does both tech and reliability as implementing cutting edge tech is counterproductive to reliability. acura tlx with the technology package should come in under $50k. same with the acura rdx if you need an suv. both are fun to drive, look fantastic, and have good reliability track records. make sure you\u2019re ok with how the infotainment system works, though-it\u2019s a bit complicated. honda accord touring is a good value play but the active safety tech isn\u2019t as good and the stereo sucks. also, honda dealers have been sucky about markups.i\u2019m gonna throw out something left field that might not work at all for your situation, and i don\u2019t suggest it out of my bias. do you need a back seat? if not (at least most of the time), look into a ford mustang with the premium package. the current generation is so much more refined than it used to be, and if you get the premium package you get a ton of technology. for example, mine has a fully digital and customizable gauge cluster, 8-in infotainment screen that\u2019s fairly responsive (a little laggy on startup sometimes), heated and cooled seats, heated steering wheel, acc, blind spot monitors, emergency braking, lane assist, etc. it\u2019s also proven decently reliable. oh, and it\u2019s so much fun to drive.i also mention the mustang because some dealers are actually offering some good deals on them. you gotta hunt for those deals, but the mustang i got in february was being advertised for $2k off msrp-not a markup, but a rare discount in this market. you get a ton for your money-particularly if you go ecoboost premium like i did. if you need 4 doors, feel free to disregard my mustang commercial \ud83d\ude05. thought i\u2019d mention it though! genesis g70 3.3 or an updated is350 f-sport. for suvs i'd go for the acura rdx a-spec. you could also settle for a camry xse and pocket 10k if you can get one for msrp. lexus es lexus es.   mine is almost 10 years old and drives like new genesis g70-better tech then lexus, sexier and while it doesn't carry with it lexus's reputation, you do get a really nice 100k warranty. sonata limited has been my second favorite test drive after the c300. the es350 is fine but feels old and a new one would be over 50k. g70 is sick but most are over 50k and it has essentially no back seat. accord touring is nice but imo overpriced. avalon with decent options runs over 50k in my area at least. not sure you can get a new audi under 50 otd. oddly enough i\u2019ve looked at this list over the last couple months, ended up with toyota camry xse v6.glb is crazy nice but dealer markup in my area was crazybmw great looking car but we are planning to keep for the long haul, both benz/bmw would have been sold at warranty end and didn\u2019t make sense.lexus nx super plush but specked out would be 56k with no dealer markupgenesis fell in love but no genesis dealer in our state so\u2026. another lexus vote for reliability from your listed choices.  it will hold it's value longer past the warranty period.big no for kia on reliability.  you might want to [visit a mechanic (not the car sales guy) for each brand and hear their thoughts on reliability](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zswa-6cwy6u). kia stinger, sonata n,. prob the stinger. if used, porsche panamera. location: chicagoprice range: < usd 30,000lease or buy: buynew or used: usedtype of vehicle: 4dr sedanmust haves: awd, backup cameradesired transmission: autointended use: dailyvehicles you've already considered:is this your 1st vehicle: nodo you need a warranty: nocan you do minor work on your own vehicle: yescan you do major work on your own vehicle: noadditional notes: i'm eplacing a 2005 infiniti g53x bought used in 2009 and driven to 150,000 miles with no major issues. i would like something with similarly good handling, performance, and reliability. i don\u2019t want a q50, because the steering is numb. location: us - kansasprice range: up to ~$35k preferably, but could be convinced to go up to ~$40-45k for the perfect carlease or buy: buy (but i'm willing to hear good arguments for leasing!)new or used: see notestype of vehicle: sporty coupe/sedan (again see notes)must haves: gotta be sexy. i know that's subjective, but i want something that'll turn heads. prefer non-american makes just aestheticallydesired transmission autointended use: daily/weekendvehicles you've already considered:               new: elantra n, civic type r, golf r, 86/brz, supra, wrx, new z              used: 350z, cayman, 911, corvetteis this your 1st vehicle: nodo you need a warranty: would be cool, but i don't drive super often and live in a small town so not a lot of miles put oncan you do minor work on your own vehicle: no but a close friend cancan you do major work on your own vehicle: nopeadditional notes: i am primarily trying to decide between buying a new '23 elantra n or a ~08-12 cayman (i can find 07/08s in the $20-25k range, i have good capacity to save so i could put $10k down on either given a few months of saving). primary concerns are age/maintenance on the porsche but it's obviously sexier/more prestigious, and i really only drive once or twice a week, so it wouldn't need a ton of upkeep.i hadn't really considered leasing until the posting template asked me about it...would it just be too stupid financially to lease a newer porsche for a couple years and then get an ev? i was planning on the car after this to be an ev anyway (as i'm sure most people will be doing in 5 or so years). the ioniq 6 may be out by that point. pacific northwest26k maxbuynewsedan/crossover manualdaily driver/familyconsidered toyota corolla, honda civic\u2026not my first car but definitely my first new carwarranty would be niceonly one hand so i can\u2019t really do work lolin my late 30s and finally looking into a new car. in my world it\u2019s always been toyota or honda or bust\u2026 any insight on what sedans are good off the lot currently? possibly compact suv/car crossover\u2019s also\u2026 kind of like the forrester maybe. i\u2019m handicapped so getting into very low vehicles is not ideal. doable\u2026 just not ideal location: nj    price range: $25k-$40k    lease or buy: buy     new or used:  new or 2 year old used    type of vehicle: truck    must haves: 4x4, awd, or fwd.  4 door likely crew cab, somewhat fuel efficient    desired transmission (auto/manual, etc):  auto    intended use: family car and part time work truck    vehicles you've already considered:  maverick, ridgeline, f150, silverado, ram 1500    is this your 1st vehicle:  no    do you need a warranty:  no    can you do minor work on your own vehicle: (fluids, alternator, battery, brake pads etc)  yes    can you do major work on your own vehicle: (engine and transmission, timing belt/chains, body work, suspension etc ) yes    additional notes:i'm consolidating the suv and single cab 8ft bed part time work truck.  so ample seating is top priority, and while i max out the 8 ft bed, it's not realistic to have a crew cab 8 ft bed due to parking and price point - so i'm willing to take the hit on a smaller bed.  i haul more stuff in the bed than i actually tow, so i don't need a large v8.  the maverick is tiny and i placed an order, for $26k i'll just rent a truck if i need something bigger or buy a trailer, and i'd certainly go with a bed rack for ladders/lumber - unfortunately the maverick may take a year to actually get.  if i'm near the $40k range i want to love the truck.i'm also in no rush so waiting as we get to year end and dealers start to (hopefully) have sales. just curious on what price rage i should look for whe looking to buy a 2016+ miata mx-5 ? i'm seeing some go for $18-22k with 50-100k miles on them. what should i look for when purchasing a miata? location: franceeither loan payments or a lease. somewhere between 30k-60k euros (i'd be willing to devote up to \u20ac600/month). i don't have the outright cash on hand.intended use: trips for hikes with the (medium sized) dog and friends, skiing, highway driving across europe, twisty mountain driving as my form of meditation, roadtrips in generalnew or used but recent.type of vehicle: i'm kind of flexible. small crossover/suv, hatchback, or small sedan. most estates are just too long. not electric due to very long international drives.me and the girlfriend are quite short (i'm tallest at 5\"6/1m70 she is 1m60) which is important to keep in mind.must have: space to transport sports equipment and a dog, possibility of ski rack on roof if car isn't too tall as well as a bike rack on the back, 5 at least somewhat usable seats. decent highway mileage, parking assistants such as a rear-camera. i would like a manual but am willing to give it up for hybrid fuel efficiency reasons.vehicles considered: volvo xc40, ds4, cupra leon/formentor, audi a3/q3, t-roc, bmw x1, rav 4, civic, hyundai kona, peugeot 308, heavily used macan gts (lol)my gf is pretty heavily set on the xc40 but i'm not convinced yet. my dream is a bmw 2 series coupe but it's not going to happen because we can only be a one car household. it doesn't feel like the kind of car i can take into the twisties in the mountains nearby and enjoy at all. is there a compromise here somewhere? right now we have an angry opel corsa but it's getting old. plus, we're worried about getting screwed by anti-pollution laws/taxes. location: massachusettsprice range: 35k or belowlease or buy: buynew or used: newtype of vehicle: compact suv or anything around that size-wisemust haves: awd/4wd, high ground clearance, rear view camera + front and back sensors, and lane keep assistdesired transmission (auto/manual, etc): autointended use: daily driver.vehicles you've already considered: 2022 compass latitude lux 4x4 jeep, honda cr-v.is this your 1st vehicle: yesdo you need a warranty: nocan you do minor work on your own vehicle: nocan you do major work on your own vehicle: noadditional notes: it's my first car and although i've argued rather getting a used car with my dad, he's set on it being a new one. i'll be using it as a daily form of transportation. it would be nice if it has a 360 surround view camera and a navigation system but it's not at all necessary. hi all,    toyota aygo 2005, 44k on the clock, 5 doors, 4 seats, 1 previous owner, full service history= \u00a31800    toyota yaris 2006, 51k on the clock, 3 doors, 5 seats, 1 previous owner, full service history= \u00a32450    which should i go for? location: texasprice range: 30k-65k usdbuynew and or usedsports carmust haves: connected ride, fun at any speed, easy to control at limit, good steering feel, reliable enough, rwdmanual transmission daily drivervehicles considered:m2 (even considering new one)2014-2016 cayman snew supralotus elise 20051st vehicle: nodo you need a warrany: noi can do minor work on my car, have a jack and jack lifts + toolsadditional notes: i own a nd2 miata in manual that i love and is modified. i plan to keep this car for another year at least. i want a car that is already setup to be a backroad and highway warrior while still being comfortable enough to daily. thank you! stay clear of teslas cause they suck. terrible ride, uncomfortable seats, full of gimmicks that get old in a week, and don\u2019t do nearly at all what is claimed of them. oh, and repair costs are outrageous. 0-60 in 7.5 seconds and a cargo organizer *from the factory*? i'm sold. if you like that, the gti would really blow you away. this sounds like it was written in 1995 idk. i really like the mazda3. lots of those points are blanket across the industry.thumbs up for username though, fiveohcoyote is definitely one of the best value in a newer vehicle for performance for me. before 2021 inflation, there were some insane deals for 450hp mustangs, like $30k for a stick shift basic model w/ performance pack at some rural dealership maybe 40 minutes out the city. doesn't every 30k dollar car have this stuff these days? have fun with the insane electrical problems and glitchy computer systems. this doesn\u2019t come with parking sensors. also the beats audio in the jetta is an absolute joke. kia forte gt better deal has all those features plus cooled seats 100k warranty. no digital dash but that\u2019s a gimmick and you actually get rear parking sensors plus 0-60 in 6.4 with a sport tuned exhaust volkswagen always offers great value and provides a better driving experience than most economy cars in the class. i seriously considered one, especially because it's one of the only cars with available blind spot collision avoidance assist (besides the hyundai elantra), but the torsion beam suspension soured it for me.i'm curious what you think of the suspension on roads that aren't perfectly flat and smooth. we're rolling into 2023 car prices are starting to stabilize and there's a whole host of amazing new vehicles with some great technology some are economical summer performance oriented some are suvs and some are a little bit on the electrification side i'm going to share a list of 20 amazing new vehicles that are interesting exciting and just wonderful all together sit back grab a bag of popcorn and enjoy let's get into it now life's too short to drive boring cars the first car on my list that's really exciting and i can't wait to get behind the wheel is the glorious bmw i4 now yes we all know that bmw struggled in recent years with a lot of coolant leaks oil leaks especially once the vehicles top out around four or five years of age then it becomes a maintenance nightmare well guess what the i4 is pure ev and you won't have those leaks to contend with what you will have in fact is a car that's extremely exciting to drive there's a couple of different variations you can get an e-drive 40 which essentially provides 0-60 time of about 4.8 seconds which can literally dust the outgoing gas jobby and as well you can get the m50 version which can crack a 0-60 mile per hour time in 3.3 seconds makes it immensely quick now while these cars are somewhat portly and they aren't insignificant by weight at about 5 084 pounds it does still promise to carry its weight very well epa ratings suggest that you're going to see about 301 miles on 18 inch wheels and drop it down to about 280 miles when you're upfitting to the a 19-inch wheel rollers what you can expect to get is an impeccably crafted interior as you would typically expect from many of these german automobiles and this car literally does not disappoint the interior is comfortable rear seating space is adequate and while this is a direct competitor of the model 3 and model s variants within the tesla lineup this car brings the interior quality to another level what you can expect to get two ac motors to a total of 536 horsepower combined it's direct drive and as mentioned its acceleration is immense quarter mile time if i can add is 11.7 seconds for the m50i as well as a 13.4 seconds for the 40 series car road handling is also quite strong at 0.87 up to 0.97 for the m version which clearly is on par with anything of significant sportiness on the market today the i4 is very exciting to me because it brings all of those dynamics that we love about bmw but none of the negatives we don't have all the geeks and all the heavy maintenance items so if you have actually been out there shopping for electrified vehicle and you think that tesla is the only go-to trust me when i say that there are great options like the i4 and at prices ranging from 57 000 up to sixty eight thousand dollars rest assure it's right smack dab in the middle of what we're talking about in tesla land the bmw i4 is one of my personal electric vehicle favorites and is certainly guaranteed to excite for many years to come the second one on my list is this beautiful cadillac ct4 v black wing it is a hot rod and by all accounts indeed it comes equipped with a 3.6 liter twin turbo v6 that makes up a 472 horsepower blistering while it's not quite as immensely hard accelerating and charging as the bmw m3 and m4 that's sought after it certainly has all of the better throttle and exhaust tones that you're going to get that sometimes bmw is a little bit lacking in you can get a 10-speed automatic transmission or you could also get a six-speed manual which when you do that and you upgrade to the manual you do get the titanium connecting rods which makes its intentions very very clear now while it does have a very sporty chassis it's not the type that you feel like you have to be walking on eggshells it does allow you to drive on relatively mundane roads that aren't necessarily the best groomed and while it can still crack over 1g in the corner it certainly has cornering capacity the soft and supple ride quality comes complements of the magneto riological dampers which does alter its suspension and make it a lot more compliant now the interior is moderately finished it's not quite up to par with bmws and the rear seat space is a little bit small but the vehicle still has enough presence and personality to really love now it's this whopping 3.6 liter twin turbo v6 making 472 horsepower that will literally allow it to crack a four second zero to 60 mile per hour time quarter mile yeah 12.4 seconds and about 116 miles per hour means it's very very quick and if you drive a gym majorly relaxed on a highway you can actually see as much as 24 miles per gallon so it's not the type of vehicle that you have to be stopping at every single gas station along the way this latest black wing is definitely a gorgeous piece with some very interesting styling detail on the exterior beautiful wheels and all the latest technology with leds throughout i personally love these just for the sake that it's a manual gearbox good old-fashioned hot rod performance and at about 62 thousand dollars it's not even going to break the bank and the third one is one i've always loved with low running and maintenance costs affordability practicality it has a certain level of sportiness to it as well and it doesn't cost the third born child to be able to afford because you can get into a brand new honda civic for this little is about twenty five thousand dollars u.s there are actually many different offerings as well from a 158 horsepower 2-liter engine to 180 or 200 horsepower in the si turbocharged 1.5 liter four-cylinder engine all the way up to 315 horsepower in the type r now the r and the si to be noted are only available in the manual gearbox and personally that's the way i would outfit it for maximum fun frivolity because if you don't then you wind up in a cvt which isn't the worst it's only slightly drony but it's still relatively fun to drive now performance ranges from 0 to 60 times of 8.8 seconds for the slowest sluggish version all the way down to 4.9 seconds for the fire breathing hot version name the r how about their handling capabilities yes the r also cracks a 1.02 in the skid pad making it out handle many super cars if you can believe that as well combined fuel economy on the most economical version is as much as 28 miles per gallon in the city and 42 miles per gallon on the highway makes it extremely easy to live with so ultimately if you're looking for a car that's fun to drive very attractive to look at low maintenance costs affordable at the fuel pump and ensures you won't become the service manager's favorite friend the honda civic has you covered no matter which type of performance levels you're looking for fourth one on my list is a hot rod by porsche now not everybody wants to spend three arms and four legs to get into a sports car the 718 cayman and 718 boxster ensures that you can have the porsche experience without breaking the bang the beauty is regardless of how you outfit it and what level of options you're still going to be exposed to a high quality interior top shelf styling durability in the performance car world that outshines anything and an underlying racing heritage means that the investment in your sports car fun and frivolity ensures that you won't be disappointed don't let that turbo four-cylinder get you down either because they have a whole level of kick in their own right now initially when porsche swapped out from the flat six naturally aspirated engines and then they switched over to the turbocharged flat four there was a lot of enthusiasm they were just getting all like ramy but the reality is it's not that serious the newer cars are much better than the outgoing naturally aspirated flat 6 engines in fact you can get 300 horsepower of a turbo flat 4 or 350 horsepower if you opt up for the 2.5 half liter flat 4 or you could step all the way up to 394 or 414 horsepower flat 6 engines a 4 liter displacement to which you can either couple them up to a six-speed manual gearbox or the 7-speed dual clutch in porsche's world it's called a pdk quarter mile 11.6 for the quickest variant down to 13 seconds for the slowest and yeah these cars are good for 189 miles per hour they're incredibly quick fun handle like they're on rails and would you believe it the most economical version you can get as much as 23 to 27 miles per gallon on the highway it's actually relatively affordable to run 0-60 3.3 for the gt4 rs as well as 4.4 if you go with the 300 horsepower base model turbo 4. a portion of this guys is nothing more or less than a hummingbird it is aggressive it's wheely it's quick it's fun and quite frankly reliability not that it necessarily matters because when you're looking for a performance car like this reliability isn't always your first thing however ever it's as reliable as lexus toyota brands if you can believe it it's one of the few sports car brands that consistently ranks very very high now granted when they break they break big and they're very expensive however they don't break that often and they're very very well made the porsche 718 cayman in boxster fifth one is another cadillac but this is the big daddy yes we're talking about the ct5v black wing now instead of the ct4s v6 now you're getting a supercharged 6.2 liter v8 that makes a crippling 668 horsepower yeah and you can even make that up to a six-speed manual gearbox or a 10-speed auto yeah i would go manual all day long just for the fun just remember gm's planning going all in with pure ev by the 2035 mark in the sand so this is your opportunity to get one of the latest and greatest hottest internal combustion engine vehicles coming out from general motors now the tremec tr6060 manual gearbox is silky buttery smooth you've got to be really fair firm with it and know that it comes with a no lift function which you can just pull gears without hitting the clutch and you can literally rip through the gears like there's no tomorrow you want to know some performance how about 0 to 60 3.6 seconds and a quarter mile in about 11 and a half this thing is fast top speed 209 miles per hour we're talking mclaren territory skid pad yeah it can also hit a 1.05 in a skid pad means this car can handle accelerate brake with the best of the supercars on the market today the only downside is because it is a gm you're essentially getting nothing much more than a malibu on steroids from an interior perspective and the quality in fit and finish isn't necessarily on par with the 92 000 price tag that you're gonna have to pay to get into one of these ct5v block wings otherwise it's an amazing beast number six is another little favorite of mine it's a very unassuming sports car and it's actually two different cars if we're talking about the subaru brz as well as a toyota gr 86 i know currently we're in a place where cars are hitting a thousand horsepower 600 is the norm 0 to 60 in two and a half seconds seems to be the common place now these cars aren't like that what we're talking about with these cars is a rear-wheel drive manually operated gearbox you can get a 2.4 liter four-cylinder engine that pops out 228 horsepower zero to 60 miles per hour time and about five and a half seconds and quarter mile and about 13.9 means it's very fun very fresh and quick but not necessarily mind-numbing quick it's a cutout performance that you could actually get your your mind can focus on what you're doing in the task at hand with a good old-fashioned manual teamed up to the lightweight sports car just means that you're gonna have all of the authentic driving experience that a lot of cars seem to lose these days with direct drive and big power twin turbos and hybrid this car is just back to basics it can also be relatively economical because 27 to 31 miles per gallon is what you can expect on the highway means that that it's relatively reliable it's cheap on gas parts are going to be low cost and the car is very sporting looking it's gorgeous with beautiful led headlights we've got that beautiful rocker panels nicely finished rear finishing on these vehicles an interior that is basic but relatively solid quality so for those buyers looking for a fun driving experience want to keep their budget under 30 grand and not worrying about a check engine light popping up every time you turn on the ignition this might be your bet my number seven actually is essentially that athletic boy next door if you will it's the chevy corvette and it's the c8 particularly now we've heard so much talk in the last couple of years about the stingray c8 and it's been an impeccable car with 500 horsepower 8-speed double clutch gearbox there hasn't been without some growing pains and a few problems along the way for example the auto popping hood or the leaking gearbox or failing transmissions and some fragile wheels but know this chevy has done some hard work to get some of those problems in the rear view mirror and they've now not rested on their laurels they stepped up and provided something even better than the stingray this year available you're able to get the next hottest what is that what we're talking about here is the five and a half liter 670 horsepower v8 yes it's naturally aspirated in fact it's the most powerful naturally aspirated v8 ever produced on a market and it can whip a 0 to 60 mile per hour time in about 2.6 seconds and it can hit that core order in 10 and a half seconds at about 131 miles per hour means chevy's done playing around no muscle fuss this car means business the skid pad it's impeccable 1.16 g's on the skid pad means it'll out handle many real supercars from ferrari or even lamborghini as a matter of fact many people even say this car is more ferrari than even ferraris make these days just because it's more grassroots and now ferrari's moving on to more hybrid vehicles this is more what ferrari used to be about this new corvette has lines that look a lot like a ferrari for people that aren't truly enthusiasts you look at a distance and you can't almost help mistake it for a modern supercar from modena as well the interior is well crafted much more stylish than outgoing models there's far less squeaks and rattles and this mid-engine layout really does elevate and escalate corvette to another place it's more of a modern day supercar built by gm it's the car that everybody loves i mean what's the hate about it it's a relatively affordable modern day supercar built by the boy next door yes and you can have it for a reasonable dollar now while there's a lot of scalpers on the market and buyer beware you can still get these for a relatively moderate price given the level of performance you're looking at about 67 000 for a base stingray and expect to pay upwards of closer to a hundred and ten thousand dollars if you're looking for the high performance five and a half liter z06 car this latest corvette is definitely one you're going to want to keep your eyes on now the next car number eight on my list is one that's been around for a little while but there's been some significant changes and what we're talking about is a car now that shares a drivetrain from bmw but it's not a bmw it's a toyota so you'd have to expect reliability is going to be relatively stout what we're talking about is toyota supra but the gr version specifically now this year they've actually upped the performance and given that b58 3 liter turbo six-cylinder engine the power it finally deserves in the supra so they've upped it from the previous generation and now they've got the full meal deal 385 horsepower and yes it's not just available in bmw's zenf 8-speed automatic transmission you can actually get a six-speed manual gearbox to row your own gears it's about time guys now you can't get the six-speed manual in the 2-liter four-cylinder engine but it is in fact available okay well 0-60 hubble 3.7 seconds up to four and a half seconds if you're talking about the turbo 4 and quarter mile is close to 12 seconds for the turbo 6 in the manual gearbox and 13 seconds in the turbo 2-liter version skid pad as well at 1.04 shows that this car clearly has strong sporting intentions and now that bmw and toyota finely put together the right package this is truly the latest the best of the breed and toyota's even gone and upgraded and made some refinements both the interior which is slightly cleaned up and the suspension is dialed in as well so it's slightly less tail happy this whole car is much improved and if you want to have a supra this in fact fact is the one to get at fifty three thousand dollars it's even a relative bargain for this level of performance now the ninth pick on my list is a car that's not really suited for people looking for the most performance or you're looking for a car and value a car with durability reliability the honda name for overall practicality and quality as well as a vehicle that has touching some of the latest elements of technology yes we're talking about the latest and greatest from honda now for a similar price tag is you're looking at the honda civic the new honda accord certainly has some different technologies for people looking for something to transport a fall small family around now a year or so ago honda dropped the manual gearbox and some of their hotter performance versions now they're at a place where things are a lot more dialed back but again know that it's not all about performance with the accord it's really about embracing the latest technology looking for efficiency fuel consumption so you don't get dinged at the fuel pump so now honda accords are available with a little bit of upgrades some subtle exterior touch-ups interiors retweaked and tuned and the overall car is largely the same chassis but there's some updates throughout led it's a nice looking car stands as a good road presence and and it has some drive trains for example 190 horsepower 1.5 liter turbo 4. now know that honda has largely dialed out a lot of the fuel and oil dilution issues with that one and a half liter engine so it doesn't seem to be quite as the issue these days but they also offer another alternate drivetrain which is 145 horsepower naturally aspirated 2-liter engine coupled up to a pair of ac motors and a cvt transmission or direct drive all of this makes up the 204 horsepower so none of these variations are fire breathing dragons but they are in fact practical reliable and they're going to intended to maximize your fuel consumption and minimize your fuel usage they're still fun to drive 0 to 60 times of 6.7 seconds for the quicker and you could expect almost 50 miles per gallon on the highway way in certain variants the price tag for one of these cars anywhere from 29 to 34 000 means your smack job in the center of honda civic territory but you've got more car more practicality and certainly more economy the honda accord is still a beautiful car now the 10th car on my list is one which comes from a car manufacturer that's typically known for reliable vehicles practical sensible economical vehicles that won't break your bank but they finally are starting to get on board with producing some cars that are hot [\u00a0__\u00a0] the drive and it's nice to know that the hot hatch officially hasn't died because they've proven that all wrong with the latest variant of what we're talking about here is that the toyota gr corolla yes normally when i say toyota and corolla i kind of vomit in my mouth momentarily but that's not the case with this version what we're dealing with here is a 1.3 liter turbocharged three-cylinder engine that's pressurized with 26 pounds of boost and makes up to 300 horsepower and no it doesn't come with a cvt garbage transmission this one actually comes with a six-speed manual so everything about this car screams performance from the styling the flared fenders the vents on the sides the aggressive front nose the stance that just makes it look like it's ready for attack mode this car is nothing short of spectacular if you're looking for something relatively economical reliable performs well this has you covered and the beauty is the drive modes allows this car to be everything from jekyll to hide you can split the power delivery from 60 to 40 60 front 40 in the rear or fix 50 50 or as well a rear bias 3070 split which many consider it as the fun or the party mode because it just allows you to get a little bit silly right there that car is a lot of fun so yes with track modes the single crack 0-60 mile per hour in 4.9 seconds quarter mile 13.3 do you remember they will porsche 930 in the 80s that was the same performance numbers that this car is putting down it can also break from 70 to zero in a stone 167 feet and hit the skid pad at 0.94 g which makes it relatively stout in the handling department as well would you believe that all this performance and you can still get 28 miles per gallon this car is very easy to live with so at a base price of 37 000 could this car in fact be the best car of both worlds you've got economy performance reliability style looks all of it wrapped up in one affordable package i love this new gr corolla it's awesome so number 11 is a car that is very much like the honda civic as a matter of fact their big brother and little brother and what we're talking about these acura integra yeah the revisit from way back many many moons ago the integra has come back for fun and frivolity what this car features is a 200 horsepower turbocharged four-cylinder engine very similar to the honda civic si engine but the differences in the si you can only get a manual gearbox in the integra you either could get the manual or you can get the automatic which makes it a little bit more interesting in that sense the integra has even though it's an upscale there's still a lot of honda civic buried embedded within the interior although it does look significant nicer overall than the civic so that's one of the key price points but generally speaking the integra is a reworked civic but that's not a bad thing you spend a little more money sure the interior is going to be reliable it's going to be great on fuel it has great performance and fun to drive so the sharp the handling is going to be crisp the hatchback is going to be practical functional and fuel economy is going to be amazing the only thing as a drawback you'll find typically with a lot of hondas you're going to find a little bit extra road noise not to the same quality of drive feel that you're going to get from some of the upscale acuras you can't get summer tire options specifically it's going to be more or less an all-season version and for an additional cost it still feels a little bit too much honda civic now oddly enough for the automatic it's actually lower cost it's interesting years ago you would actually have to pay more to get it to an automatic transmission in today's day and age it seems to be the manual costs you extra money and that's no different here in the a-spec manual over the auto you're talking about an additional three thousand dollars to get that upgrade but believe me you and me it's worth every penny so if you're looking for something that's not overly expensive it's something fresh and new it's got all the leds and the latest technology safety features practicality reliability but there's less of them than everything else out there you can get into one of these for as much as 37 000 when you pretty much cap out your options list and the manual version still very practical and affordable it's a lovely car and definitely a must check out on anybody's list the next car on my list is actually more of a small suv and if i could be so bold i've never really been the fan of the name although the vehicle itself is very very intriguing what we're talking about is the alfa romeo toenail or tonali or however you want to say it or whatever you want to call it that's just the way i see it however it's a very very cool little car now it's marketed as a smaller lower cost subcompact type suv but it is available as a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle as well and it does have a standard all-wheel drive system now this vehicle has a 2-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine and it makes about 256 horsepower but it's the torque at 295 that makes this vehicle especially interesting now the optional plug-in hybrid version uses a 1.3 liter turbo 4 with a rear mounted electric motor that helps to combine an output of about 272 horsepower the base unit has a 9-speed automatic transmission however the plug-in hybrid version uses a six-speed auto and it also has the 15.5 kw hour battery pack good for only about 30 miles round trip is all it's going to do get you to the grocery store and back or that short trip to your buddy's place before you're gonna have to recharge it or plug it in again the reason i like this vehicle it has the italian flow the essence the styling the only downside is reliability is always going to be a bit of a concern you start adding more electric technology within the skins of a lot of these italian cars and you sometimes question whether the reliability is going to be there for the long term planning on leasing or a short-term buy this could be an amazing new purchase because it's not overly expensive either but you can expect to see a price tag in around that 36 to 40 000 u.s making it relatively easy to afford for most budgets now another great vehicle that if you're a little daring and you don't mind challenging the concept of reliability you might look at a maserati they have the latest suv yes in fact it's the greek kale or gracali or however you want to pronounce that and i'm just a mess over here today but it's a great sporty mid-size suv that comes in a few different engine drivetrain configurations now personally i think it looks a lot like a lot of the bmws but then in fact a lot of suvs are all starting to blend together and look very much the same however know this because it's a maserati it's italian it's premium and it sits in bed every night with ferrari that it truly has a lot of those styling cues elements and is really derived with a higher level of quality performance that's what it does maserati's got a real history now these vehicles come in three different forms you've got a gt model modena as well as the trofeo which is the top of the line what do they all have for drive trains well well the base model is a 2-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine mild hybrid system puts out about 296 horsepower which is more than respectable at approximately 332 pound-feet of torque means it's going to scoot you along nicely it's going to fill peppy not going to blow anybody's doors off but it will be relatively fun to drive then you step into the next next level of drivetrains and you can expect a slightly boosted version of a symbol or drivetrain now it would come with a 332 horsepower engine that whips out about 325 horsepower which again you'll feel up by the seat of the patch just a little bit really where you really want to go it's going to cost you a significant amount of money though is the twin turbo v6 it's three liters it puts over 523 horsepower and about 457 pump feet of torque all featuring an 8-speed automatic transmission an all-wheel drive are pretty much standard across the board it's a well-equipped gorgeous luxury suv that has some significant sporting intentions and if you're sick of looking at the same old humdrum suvs honda pilots and bmw x3s this might be your answer but just know that there might be a bit of a risk on reliability and long-term longevity fuel economy is going to be marginal and cost of replacement parts is going to be very very high so tread cautiously but if you're looking for something special this maserati might have have you covered now another very interesting one that i stumbled across recently it's made in germany i looked i saw this eqs pass by and i thought boy that was a very interesting vehicle but that's not what we're talking about here now mercedes-benz has what they call the eqe which is essentially on a very similar platform slightly scaled down according like the e-class versus ds class is always slightly smaller but it has a lot of the very fundamental basis to it we're talking about pure electric vehicle and it has a lot of great dynamics unique styling although slightly daring it still looks relatively traditional they haven't gone too far outside the room of comfort to offend or push away any existing clientele from mercedes now there's a few variants we talk about the eqe 350 which is a single rear mounted electric motor that produces about 288 horsepower and about 391 pound-feet of torque well then there's an eqe 500 that you'll get over 400 horsepower from which is going to be more than enough excitement for one day then there's an eqe amg version version which is where the real fun begins and that uses two electric motors one on the rear axle and one up front this setup was going to give you about 617 horsepower and if you really want to go another level you can go to amg dynamic plus and it'll crack out 677 horsepower and about a 701 pound-feet of torque or the 738 pound-feet in the amg dynamic plus version a 90 kilowatt hour lithium ion battery will be used and drives for ranges are estimated over 300 miles or about 500 kilometers meaning it can be relatively practical almost similar very similar to the extended range tesla model 3s the difference with that very simplistic tesla design and a mercedes is mercedes takes quality and pride to another level their interiors are going to be some of the best in the business and the latest eqe does not disappoint it is literally some of the nicest modern style ev type interiors that you'll find anywhere in the business today if you want to get into the base 350 version of the eqe expect to be doling out about 75 000 that's just a starting point not insignificant but you are in tesla land so it's not that far out of the question the next car that's really worth keeping an eye on is a car that reads exotic car standards and where we're talking about something literally from the italian marquee ferrari and it's the perisangue it's a beautiful suv it's ferrari's verse attempt at an suv and clearly after lamborghini came out with the euros ferrari felt they had to follow up and create something of similar stature truth be told it looks more like a sporty touring car but it is to be considered as an suv and ferrari's first approach now they do start at about three hundred thousand dollars so it's not for everybody unfortunately and for those on a relatively limited budget this may not necessarily apply but for those may be willing to consider selling their left nut this car literally could be the suv for you now it does come featured with a naturally aspirated v12 engine but there's a later v8 and a twin turbo v6 versions as well available waiting in the wings there's a plethora of beautiful interior finishing and interactive passenger side panel that shows statistics and lots of room even with these impressive rear doors opening the opposite direction it's an absolute gorgeous vehicle worth every penny unfortunately i may not have enough pennies to go around to try one of these for myself the ferrari parasanga is definitely one worth scoping out if you've got the box now another one of my favorite picks is a car that's very analog by nature it's a car you can outfit with a manual gearbox or an automatic transmission it has a twin turbo 3 liter v6 that makes about 400 horsepower instead of the outgoing 3.7 liter v6 it's true to its nature it has significant history and roots which tell drivers who love the driving experience to keep coming back to a car like this it has a starting price of about forty one thousand dollars u.s so it makes relatively affordable it has a host of knobs and buttons instead of all the latest technology meaning that you don't have to go into menu into menu into menu just to activate one little simple feature it's a simple car for people who like to drive it's a great machine and what we're talking about is the latest nissan z car absolutely gorgeous i love the looks of it although it's on the latest and oldest platform from the 350 and the 370z cars it just carries on and it's a slightly revised version yes it has some latest gadgets on the interior and yes it looks fresh but it still is a very analog driving experience 0-60 performance numbers you would expect to be them in the low 4 seconds to mid four second range and the unfortunate part about this car because of it's such an analog car because it's so retro because it's so popular because it's coming back and it's a hot new car people are starting to scalp these so these are the kind of cars you got to be careful you got to dance around even with a 41 000 base price there's so many people i've heard of putting a price tag of a hundred thousand plus on these they're not worth it it's not that type of a car what it is in fact is a car very similar to the brz or the 86 where it's a very analog simple driving experience rear wheel drive fun and just exciting all the way around it has some really amazing design features the overall style and the shape looks very much like the outgoing car zed cars but there's a lot of features the front nose looks a little more aggressive with a little more spoiler when you look at the back end it's great it actually harkens back to the early 90s think back 1990 300 zx looks very much like that the interior is very clean looks very similar to the outgoing cars again with a little extra technology buried and bored the added bonus this car has some additional performance enhancements for example the no lift shift technology on the manual gearbox it also has some extra valving within the turbo system better throttle response better turbocharged boost control and it's just a more performance oriented car from the similar variants within the infinity lineup this car happens to also have just enough power that in both automatic as well as manual cars simply by removing traction control roll you're able to do easy peasy donuts all day long the nissan z pure honest performance car relatively modest price tag and just a fun car overall another car on my list that i tried cautiously with but i find it very fascinating i love the new design themes i love some of the technology and the updates and what we're talking about here is the latest and greatest bmw xm what it does feature is a 4.4 liter twin turbo v8 you got to remember this comes from a place where these cars had oil consumption timing chain problems heavy battery draw but a lot of those problems are have been somewhat engineered out but just know this maintenance will be a key with these cars it's still going to see coolant leaks oil leaks you know four or five years down the road you're gonna have to start thinking about some of the maintenance aspects but for the time being if you're leasing and you're buying short term the xm bmw looks like a fascinating piece because it's also made it to an electric motor and a battery pack that gives it about 30 miles of cruising range on pure ev but it also whacks a walloping punch of 640 34 horsepower that's impressive coil spring suspension means it's going to handle fairly well and active dampers just means that there's many different drive modes and it's going to drive for any mood that you're in whether you're looking for a sporting driving experience or you just want to settle back and cruise home from a long day at work this is truly going to be literally one of bmw's most powerful engines ever one of the most technically advanced engines ever and clearly one of the most interesting from a styling perspective the bmw xm now another one that i believe is really worth looking at from a brand company that has had actually a lot of significant issues over the last few years with quality control but more so on their internal combustion engines and now specifically as hyundai has transitioned or to the electric vehicle market a lot of the vehicles are very interesting propositions and what we're talking about here is a vehicle that is likely going to start coming out later in 2023 so heads up you're gonna possibly find the ionic 7 by hyundai and that's obviously going to be a three row seven passenger suv yes it will offer a 350 kilowatt rapid charger yes it will give you almost 60 miles of range within five minutes if you just need to hustle along it'll be a very minimal charge time but it also has an available range potentially up to 400 miles or about 600 kilometers that's going to help people consider what range anxiety or put that in the review mirror now the ionic 7 is a very interesting suv from a design perspective i personally love some of the lighting that they've added to the this vehicle some of the very futuristic design elements and again as i've said before if you're sick and tired of looking at standard vehicles you don't look like at a honda pilots and rav4 toyotas if you don't want to look at basic looking ho-hum designs like that this might be up your alley something very much very unique and something you won't see every day the hyundai ioniq 7. now another hot little number you're going to want to keep your eyes out for if you like suvs and you like modern either like performance hubble porsche and the macan it's a vehicle that i reviewed recently and i personally loved it i love the jet fighter style dashboard and the console i love the performance i love the overall physical stature i mean the porsche macan has internal combustion engines from a base model we have twin turbo v6s we have the gts models there's a variety of them but what one thing is clear is porsche has pretty much confirmed that in 2024 the ice or internal combustion versions of the macan are gonzo and so as a result either you buy one of those now or forever hold your peace because what's around the corner is the new maccon ev new for 2023 you're gonna find a hot version available it's going to be very exciting now while there's not a lot of initial information on specifications on the macan it's certainly coming out very soon i would anticipate prices to be in that 80 90 000 plus as a base model and performance numbers will not disappoint it is a porsche they have to live up to their name but from a chassis dynamics perspective this car leaves nothing to chance the porsche macan ev now in the advent of pure electrification pure evs plug-in hybrids and all of that we're starting to lose touch with what a real driving analog dynamics are all about and cars that provide that level of experience and enjoyment are going by the dodo bird now fortunately there's still a few of those little hot rods around and it's very exciting to tell you that there are still a few great options for example one of my favorites next in line is the mazda miata mx-5 or the nd3 version yes it goes through further enhancements for 2 2023 and you're gonna love them it takes you back to the roots to a pure driving experience the miata has always been a fun car however the latest and greatest has different engine variations from a 1.5 liter and a 2-liter four-cylinder engine but there's also talk that they might be scaling back even further to a 1.2 liter engine but don't worry they're also scaling back weight because remember weight is the biggest enemy of performance and they're looking at dropping the weight down to 2182 pounds and even better they still come featured with a six-speed manual gearbox now rumor has it in 2025 we may even see a fully electric version of the miata but for now if you want to get one of the truly best driving experiences from an internal combustion engine the mazda miata definitely has you covered on that front as well it does have some nice revised updates the front end looks sharper the side skirts look more aggressive the interior is nicely updated the entire car is finally tuned and is constantly in a state of dynamic change but only for the sake of improvement nothing drastic no added weight just a pure fun driving experience is always to be had with the mazda miata and that's why anybody looking for a fun driver would be hard-pressed to find anything more exciting especially with the drop top makes it fun when the sun shines and the reliability makes it reasonable when you drive the car into the service bay and also expect it to be relatively affordable in that 30 to 35 000 range so it definitely won't break your bank and with all of that said check that video out that's last year's choices of some of the lowest cost cheapest vehicles on the market for 2022 if you want something simple and cheap that's definitely your answer hope to see each and every one of you on the next one we'll see you real soon bye-bye  hey nathan this is one of the cars um the most interested in driving how about you yeah well this is one of the most important cars for chevrolet because it's really their first big step into a huge pool of electrification it's the 2024 chevy equinox ev and we are here at the 2023 denver auto show yeah and we're going to give you a walk around and we're going to kind of pick the coolest and funnest and most interesting cars to highlight and i'm glad we're starting here because this is a big car right for chevy it starts at about thirty thousand dollars right it's a you know a good size crossover it's kind of the heart of the market right yet they're making it you know available at thirty thousand dollars which is pretty incredible that that is indeed and then on top of that it does have up to a 300 mile range you can get all-wheel drive with it can hold five people it's a lot larger than our current uh chevrolet electric car your favorite the volt yeah yeah which is yeah a little dinky and not pretty this is a totally different story so this is sort of chevy's first step and while we're here at the show we're going to cover some other electric vehicles uh hybrids uh some big beefy trucks you name it it's all here at the show and we're gonna hit it so you know the cool thing about this is i believe you can get it in front wheel drive rear-wheel drive or all-wheel drive it's something like that you certainly can't get an all-wheel drive variant with it but i believe that you the best range you get is with the two-wheel drive yeah and this is the rs version what do you think of the design i think it's pretty i really do i wish they didn't use the name i wish i used a different name for it like the nathan all right bulky yet awesome well we're here during the public day so we'll be people walking in and out but that's cool i mean that's what this is about right right well we decided to to make sure that this is during senior lunch time which is where roma gets discounts and we can get in here and move them if we need to speaking of what do you think of the equinox um they've upped their interior but they're still not quite there yet i think that um honestly i think ford might have a little bit more of a comprehensive design i'm just not a big fan of the sea of black neither is roman but there's a lot less material that you'll get sticky with your fingers right the center screen which i believe is around an eight inch not too bad the overall controls and the fact that there's a actual gear lever i think is awesome so here's the crazy part right this as tested is the rs it's thirty eight thousand dollars starts at 32 the electric version which i'm betting is going to be quicker oh yeah it's going to be roomier right yes and it's gonna be cheaper well that's what general motors is trying to do right now and they're in a bit of a pickle because they're in between two spots internal combustion vehicles they're not going away anytime soon and they know it but at the same time they made this promise that they're shifting an awful lot of their vehicles to ev i'm gonna go shut the door yeah conscientious show goer huh all right let's keep going we'll keep going down the chevy aisle here oh and this is the car podcast so if you see a few trucks in the background ignore them yeah this is andre yeah nothing to worry about there and andre he's no longer a concern today he's actually he's actually driving the colorado zr2 from uh vegas torino that's why he's not here now actually we drove this yesterday it's a new corvette this color is astonishing i love the color we we did it old versus new so we took our c5 and we compared it to the c8 now which one do you think was quicker i wonder how fast you think it went i'm gonna handle the spoiler a mile about sea level how fast do you think it went quarter mile quarter mile this yeah take a guess 11 12.8 okay see i was trying to give it love uh but still it's really fast yeah i know but if it were electric it would go faster well the ironic is it's the e-ray which is half electric is going to be the quickest of the corvettes even quicker than the z06 hey you made fun of this car please don't what's wrong with the bolt the bolt is a very good uh vehicle from where it stands in terms of simplicity easy the basic necessities are all covered tommy likes it which is huge and you know it's a very inexpensive electric vehicle it's one of the least expensive on the market but it's the old architecture that's underneath here which some people have an issue with there's no all-wheel drive variant on this one or the uh is this the uv version it's over there okay oh there yeah okay so anyway so we just did a video yeah this to me is the biggest surprise of the year of any car we bought so nathan and i did what we're calling the world's toughest eb range test and we took the bolt compared to the tesla model 3 right i compared it to the ev6 gt and compared it to the volvo recharge yeah the uh took it up and over get this guys go over to all tfl.com if you want to watch it we took up over four mountain passes and which car won that this car the the not by huge margin so we bought ours for 28. yeah it qualified for a ten thousand dollar credit is that combined yeah seven and a half federal two and a half state so this could be a 17 000 electric car depending on where you are in a tax form and everything else four um for you yeah let me show you something else unique about this car i will give it a lot of credit in terms of its efficiency they're actually kind of quick too they're perfectly good cars it's just so i don't like the look this is the weirdest thing right yeah it's got these lights over here these parking lights right yeah you know why they're down there because the hatch yeah exactly nathan knows is is automotive world because if is it gonna let you open it probably not well maybe it's done here yeah so if they were there yeah and you opened them up then you couldn't see them that's correct so the way that audi handles that is they put a second set of lights in here inside the way the chevy did it was they put the lights way down low yeah and it looks a little strange and i don't think it's it's not the best but third brake light which has been mandated for years and years and years tends to take care of a lot of that so all right shall we say goodbye to the dearly departed uh really kind of hurts yeah yeah i'm so bummed out uh they're uh unfortunately doing away with the camaro it's saying goodbye uh this is a lot for now as as they like to say you know the camaro is always kind of given a bit of a rotten deck because the mustang is so damn good it has a hard time competing especially with little things like oh i don't know comfort being able to see out of it here's my biggest issue with this car i love this car right but but this is this is the biggest issue you don't sit in it as much as you sit really in it right because the cow line is so tall right i mean my my arm is like a shoulder level way way high and then how look how the roof you're looking right at the camera looking at the right right at the top of the a-pillar yeah and this is one of the problems that chevrolet never was able to really address they it's you know form over function well now i put myself forward my head wouldn't hit and my arm is even higher yeah i know and that's where the mustang trounces it and frankly so does the uh dodge uh challenger although the challenger never had a convertible version that was available there's a rumor that's going to come back as an electric car yeah i'm hearing that too and that might be really cool but it is a shame they never were able to take it to the next step power wise they did these things there were some beastly versions it did blow right by the uh z06 oh well do you want to talk about that during a car podcast no all right the corvette oh the zo6 that's kidding well it did blow around mine so look at the front of this thing it's like i'd be terrified to drive this around any mall 148 000 as tested 148 supercharged obviously right yeah v8 uh it's quick and as i think beautiful and as um performance oriented as any ferrari for half the cost i i think that chevy just doesn't get enough credit for the corvette especially the new mid engine corvette right the europeans have this like bias toward lamborghinis ferraris bentleys but the corvette will keep up or abort them yeah i'm gonna say and i'm gonna go on record saying this that for the past 10 years corvettes have been performing as well if not better than the european counterparts doing it for less money yeah so and so i really want to actually get the e-ray yeah so that's that that's kind of in my back of my head is when that comes out at the end of the year i would love to be able to get one of those for a long-term review should we talk about the suburban we've seen an awful lot of suburbans you know this is the trailblazer over here yeah and there's one over there right over the cameraman's shoulder um i really think it's a lot better than people give it credit for i like it better than the big blazer that they have i hate food places this is a really good economical all-wheel drive decent and snow vehicle that tommy's taking off road once again another car i like the bolt it doesn't get enough credit so let me let me show you some news that broke this week okay all right so uh sema concept but this is an interesting one this is the tundra trail hunter right it is a trail hunter and so we think that this will live above the trd pro or next to or next we don't know yeah yeah right above our next insisting that it's going to be next to and other people have said it's going to be up and over that regardless it's going to be a much more expensive vehicle than your average one and at the same time with the package that it has we're talking suspension with armor front end components hooks yes places to actually mount hooks yay but what what made news today or yesterday was that the leaked not leaked they disclosed that they're going to be making a tacoma version of the trail hunter so think about the tundra and then think about what that means when toyota comes out with the tacoma version of this so a lift bigger tires obviously more off-roading another way to look at this is like this could be the overlander yeah and the trd pro it's the more off-roading hardcore rock crawler yeah yeah and i think that's exactly what they're going to do with the tacoma and i suspect we're going to see that with the upcoming forerunner and other large toyota based vehicles i think it'll be a trail hunter 4runner yeah interesting yeah i'm almost positive because why not more money right right people will buy it speaking of what people want to buy supra new no no in front of the super my friend the crown not the crown oh the gr let's go look at that all right crying out loud so i fell in love with this car when they gave it a manual it was yes i hear are the good things the problem i have is i don't fit i don't either i just i look out onto the uh yeah on top of this when i'm outside well let's show them so the design of this is one of the really the biggest issues for me and for roman is the way this cuts looking over my shoulder when i look to the left i can't see anything and it actually kind of affects outward vision in general and i have to bring the seat all the way back to the bulkhead which makes some squeaky noises all right well let's look at the gr uh corolla now i did get to drive that on the track yeah and obviously this you know is you drove another version of it too didn't you yeah which one is this one is this a core i don't know i can't tell or is this the uh is this the is this the core that's the standard right so this is yeah this is just the floor i believe it has the tech package and so it is a core okay so so it's got all the bills so let me yeah i mean oh yeah this is the crazy part about this car three cylinder 300 horsepower right so 100 horsepower per cylinder yeah which is crazy when you think about it small displacement manual transmission is the only way you can get it thank god and it is considered to be an absolute out of the park hit for toyota i think that right now a lot of dealers unfortunately are putting some heavy heavy stickers on these things which is a real it's a perfect colorado car because not only is it a hatchback all-wheel drive it's all-wheel drive right uh and it's quick and it's fun uh and uh yeah that's another car that i like it's legitimately a lot of people swear that this thing will eat anything that has a subaru badge on it on a track so wrx even the sdis golf are right oh yeah and they started like 35 and then there's three versions uh the mizuno mizuno i'm saying that right yeah it's it's akio toyota is like track track name yeah it's carbon fiber that one they're only making 200 of but yeah a lot of quite more expensive and it's it's a nice counterbalance to the crown i have i have i'm on the fence on this crown in so many ways so i think this kind of replaces the avalon it does size wise yeah but there's a real issue that i wanted to show everybody it's propulsion system no problem the fact that it's all-wheel drive great it's a sedan but it's off the ground actually subaru started with that frankly but there's one issue well it's like a lifted sedan it's really weird it is a crossover okay what's your issue show you right now okay [music] ramen have a seat i'm gonna sit in the back okay yes please all right we'll do lots of leg room but okay is your head oh did your head just hit the top why do you think i had you going instead of me oh look at this ian look i hit my head on this there's no way what is it this is this is for me one of the biggest disappointments from toyota because frankly speaking they're really good at that this so i don't know what they were thinking with this look i can go in the back of one of these this is flex x and i'll be plenty comfortable because plenty of headroom this thing just for the sake of its shape easy means backseat room for headroom anybody who's tall you're in trouble and i'm really happy that roman hits easy forex bz4x i just did a video with tommy and nobody watched i felt bad about what i thought was smart why are they confusing us with names bz-4x i think it stands for below zero or beyond zero and then four means four wheel drive and x i think it means like off-road e or something like that or all-wheel drive i don't know i i got a better name for it what's that roy yeah i will call it roy yep the toyota roy i like roy yeah roy has its imperfections but roy has potential all right i'm gonna make you sit in the new prius because once again now see that's the opposite side of it it's another one killed it with that that's another one i mean look at the look of the the look at look at the new prius i mean it's just uh stunning isn't it it's you know what this you know what people said this is this is the smartest thing i've ever heard about this is that this is the third generation vault not bolt vault if chevy had built it yeah all right that's a really good point no over here driver side driver side okay see how you fits well this is my first time sitting in one yeah see if you fit in the prius okay look how raked that front windshield is yeah and some people don't like it some people love it all right and i go the roof is a little bit low but once you're in it's fine and a seat also somebody's been sitting in here it's not as tall as me and there we go so can you see out the front i can see out of the front but i can see how some people wouldn't like the way that the shape is because despite the rake of it really you're only looking at a very small kind of cut image when we were talking about the camaro i mean this isn't like that but similar type of thing in terms of a low roof the other criticism is that this blocks the screen not for me nope i'm good so if i keep it low and drive like a low rider pimp i'm good um this layout is very simple which i like a lot not a ton of buttons but just enough toggle buttons to make me happy personally speaking i know some of you guys are like oh no keep it on the screen and others are like i don't want it on the screen i want a lot of them here and that is what they did with a lot of the climate control components i like that and then the screen itself yes is the bottom button they pulled it off because people in denver can't be trusted and the rest of this layout fantastic by the way actual little gear lever that normally goes here too so i don't know what they were drinking what type of tea i mean it's like 50 mpg i know and it looks stunning on the outside yeah i would not be embarrassed when you when i first met roman he had the well the second gen prius and it was really ugly really i'm sorry roman but it was it was a little cockroach it was it was terrible this is just phenomenal to look at i would actually like looking at this car i mean i mean yeah you're right i mean like what were they thinking when uh somebody proposed to make it into a sexy sporty low slung you know economy car you know this strikes me as one of those cars where what the designer snuck the design like between the pages without his bosses knowing or her boss is knowing and then suddenly somebody else saw it the right person and said oh we got to build that yeah you know what i mean yeah all right so let me ask you this nathan yes um have you seen the new mustang in person not in person i think i see it over there dark horse so shall we head on over i think that's it hiding under the big ford so a lot of like um how manufacturers telegraph what's important to them right so whatever at the front of the display so here obviously it's a bz4x the crown the gr and the prius right right and then over here with ford i think you can tell the new mustang is very important to him because they've got it under the big fort sign yeah yeah so i'm gonna get your opinion of this um what on the lux yeah what you think of it i think it might be the dark horse yeah actually you know it kind of looks a little bit like a camaro from this angle i think i think the it's the fender fair in the back look camaro-ish to me a little is it just me but are the tires too small they look a little bit maybe because of all the extra stuff that's hanging off the sides it does look like that um it's not exactly what i would call uh shocking it's a mustang that i know so i think the configurator and order banks open this week yes yes that's what i heard as well so you're going to be able to order something like this dark horse is of course very limited run which is very expensive yeah extraordinarily expensive but mustang has done something that nobody else has managed to do they've captured that lightning in the bottle and they've been able to regurgitate it for years and years the question is do enough people like this design the front end i've heard a lot of people having issues with the lower chin design saying it's just too big and it looks almost like a truck i've heard people say that but what i love about that is that they're keeping the coyote right yeah like we were just with camaro and we're saying that might go electric here we still have a good old v8 muscle car and when we agree that the coyote is one of the best v8s that's out there in its class in trucks and cars you name it it's a really really good engine they've updated it i believe they've lightened some of the materials that they've been using and on top of that it's actually a little bit more efficient while putting out more horsepower all right well let's keep going this way okay so keep on going keep going and uh we're gonna ignore the trucks yeah there's a maki over here as well they haven't changed it this year as far as i know other than i think they've done some upgrades i love the color i'm a big it's a nice color i'm a good fan of that yeah yeah and of course there's the other car it's actually one of the winners of the armap truck of the year our map is a rocky mountain automotive press association that roman and i both at one point were presidents have and they chose the maverick as truck of the year and rightfully so it's a really good vehicle unfortunately you can't get it you really aren't going to struggle probably until 2024 to get one yeah so i like this color um of the range ranger except for the wheels yeah yeah well you know new ones coming so well yeah i think it's the final hurray all right so we'll we'll kind of zip pass toyota here and then head over to honda let's see what we got uh yeah oh what do you think of the mat i just saw one and i saw one in the wild yesterday you know and i think it's way cool i mean when manufacturers originally came out i kept thinking that wow you guys used primer what's up with that now matt is starting to look a lot more silky and it's actually really kind of created its own world and i still say that the key that the key the key v is what i call it the kia ev6 is one of the best looking vehicles in its class it's phenomenal to look at i don't like sitting in it as much as its brother which is the hyundai ioniq 5. this is not as comfortable for me but it's still extraordinary great technology great driver and really cool looking you know both kia and hyundai are just hitting out of the ballpark absolutely just out of the ballpark every car they build and probably you know a good example of that is this car right there oh well i mean they can't the fact that this one's even on the floor is surprising that someone hasn't snatched it up somebody hasn't bought it yet they're just so damn popular yeah and you should show the interior because this is like you know an interior that bmw would be proud of uh would you like to tell your ride better or do you like the palisade better i like to tell you right a little bit better yeah i think it's a little less uh convoluted with its design i mean look at this interior nathan uh look at look look at this stitching i mean it's just phenomenal i'm a sucker for this kind of cappuccino colored interior as well all the buttons thank you for not making an all black interior which just it feels so much more playful and airy and the light bounces better and we've driven these several times they've always driven quite well off-road there are better but this one's still decent and they do have a package that you can get which will give you beefier tires and a slight lift in the front a few other things you've driven that i believe i have yeah if i were cool i'd make you in the back seat but i won't thank you for not doing that because i honestly i'm not very flexible today you know um these three row crossovers suvs are really having a moment in the sun right now oh my god they're selling like hockey hotter than ever before yeah people people want these things and this is probably the poster child for the one that i would i would pick well this is one of kia's best sellers bar none i mean they're yeah some of their other vehicles sell quite well but this has been a surprise success and they just can't build enough of them i am curious to when they're going to start building the direct competitor to it is right across the way yeah which i think is our purpose all right how's it going big fan oh thanks man thanks i appreciate it man thanks appreciate it thank you sorry we're just shooting right now yeah so so direct competitor toyota of course came out with this as a as a response to that right yeah they try to take a highlander and make it a little bit grander calling it to grand island they're pretty straightforward yeah essentially they just they tacked on a longer rear end they gave it more booty oh by the way we forgot to mention at the end of this video we are going to show you uh smart there's a new smart and they've got in a very strange direction nathan they have gone in an unusual direction smart is back yeah remember a little smart car stay tuned for stay tuned at the end because it's very unusual it's bold i would it is bold less room but a little bit more yeah yeah all right uh so uh grand highlander vehicle is locked so we can't show the interior uh we haven't driven this one yet no we haven't we actually have a right in front of our studio we have the regular highlander this is not only for direct competition for what the koreans are doing but also for nissan because their pathfinder is selling quite well they are looking at building a vehicle that you can actually put adults in the third row and i believe we put a few of our people in the third row of one of these yeah yeah it's a little bit roomier than you'd think now what's nice about this is it's actually bigger than this which is weird right yeah but uh you'd think actually no i thought that was bigger than that are you talking about the sequoia where's the sequoia i can't find the sequoia i pointed to everything yeah you a tundra i'm surprised you have them anyway it's bigger than that before yeah let's keep let's go to nissan okay uh this obviously cool colors uh hopefully we're getting a new one if the one the tacoma comes out i think the year after that yeah i think it's going to be two years and look of course you've got my favorite car yes the z well this is another winner of the rocky mountain automotive press associations car of the year the nissan z in right place sell because it's just freaking spectacular to look at i think it's just a phenomenal car to drive and i really would want one if i was in the market for something different something that's a little bit on the uh twin turbocharged v6 by the way really really cool car 400 horsepower right yeah the only problem with it is it's rear wheel drive it's not a problem a colorado it does but i think if you have this you probably have a winter car as well okay okay well yeah if i could afford this i would have a winter car as well i'd park this proudly next to my old um yeah jeep or something like that whatever now um while roman's copying he choked on i i think he had a cocktail off camera i wanted to show you something else over here there it is nissan pathfinder rock creek now we've actually taken this off-road and we've driven in a few of these now before the old rock creek was just a badge with some color and it was really disappointing this is totally different nissan actually really did pull some strings to make this happen and smart because look not everybody's going to take one of these off-road but the idea that you can do that is huge and that's a seller so tires wheels colors interior suspension and armor yeah it's great i love it yeah it really is quite good nine-speed automatic transmission thank you and you know speaking of that you can't speak of that without speaking of that yeah we might as well go over to that you know the new trail rated pilot it's not trail rated well they're calling it they can't call it trail rated because then jeep would sue them well they're calling at a trail sports trail sport you can't so what would you call that you can't say rated so it's trail capable emboldened embodied trail happy but but basically that's a direct uh you know uh reaction to the the nissan right same thing so what automakers have been doing this is including volkswagen is they've been adding some components to these vehicles to make them a little bit more off-road capable and there is absolutely no reason why a vehicle like this can't handle a medium difficulty trail ian you gotta show you gotta look check out check out the interesting recovery point look underneath now by the way in the very near future i'm going to be driving one of these from colorado through moab all the way down to arizona for the overland expo where i'm going to be joined by andre so this will go down there and do some serious off-roading along the way in fact roman wants me to take it over to fins and things which for crossover is going to be pretty challenging it'll be took it up some of the harder colorado tiles and he was impressed well there's armor underneath so that's why i feel okay about it if there wasn't then a bumper might go they are getting busier i think uh senior lunch specials are over oh dang dude so audi they all kind of look too much alike now except for one which i don't think is here the e-tron gtt yeah one of my favorite cars ever there it is you can see it the sedan oh i just want to bite the back of my hand it's so pretty so audi's one of the first companies actually to go almost all electric right so they're quickly converting all their cars to electricity without a lot of fanfare yeah you know the all road of course is very popular car here really expensive very expensive but let's face it this is not really an all-road it's more of a soft road yeah but it's still very capable in the snow it's a copper watch it's a wagon yes which is you know i think it's really the only wagon out there in this class right now in the united states yeah i mean in europe you can still get them but here yeah because the europeans are smarter and they have better hair i know all right how about mazda what do you got what do you think of mazda phenomenal design on there now i would love another car i'd love to own is a miata i don't think dude i think they have four mouses here yeah um it's interesting they're why they're plugged in i don't know maybe they're gonna run the tv off of it this is uh the big one right yeah this is the cx-90 this is the one we just reviewed yeah i haven't seen it up close mazda absolutely scored a hit honestly mazda um we we our producer who's also our editor uh zach and i both agree that it's one of the most unsung heroes out there i've owned four mazdas he's owned i think three and here comes the lady talking don't worry about her 61 000. think about what it gives you in that interior how beautiful that interior is that is absolutely worth it you know mazda and volvo have income the same space right yeah but i think mazda does it better in that respect but volvo's better with doing charging now they are going to start doing more and more uh hybrids with mazda but i mean this is a properly good sized vehicle competing directly with vehicles like everything from the nissan pathfinder all the way up to audis and well maybe i'll tell you acura they're not they're nothing yeah they're not going to do an all road version of it though are they no but they did do something like that here with their cx50 yep they got the side thing going on articulation's good their all-wheel drive systems are some of the best in the business i won't even accept an argument there because they are really good predictive all-wheel drive systems going along with the fact that they handle better than most cars in their class you know why is this one of those companies that every automotive journalist loves but and yet they just their their sales are terrible they have four cars here right right well that's the other thing is that mazda dealerships are outgunned by even smaller uh automakers like three to one that's one of the issues is that you just don't have enough dealerships or service in the united states and that's a real issue now i know that from a perspective that i used to own them we're here at dodge oh yeah uh you know say goodbye to the chargers say goodbye to the challenger right i'll be replaced but it's good to look at now if you want one buy them now before they go away before the e muscle cars do you notice how much younger the uh crowd is here in the dodge area i mean look they're second on you know canned corn over there over here younger crowd why because they still fantasize about these cars what do you think of the hornet um okay now that i've driven it several times yeah and i've driven every type i'm going to say that uh i'll give it a seven out of ten okay but only the gt the uh rt which is their plug-in hybrid version that's more like a five it's it really irritated me because of its price yeah and we just had a kind of a failure with tommy slip test which on the pre-production unit so we'll certainly retest that again yeah yeah and they're not built for off-road or anything like that what they're built for is actually sort of think about it as a wrx that sits high a lot of horsepower coming out of a turbocharged power plant both the plug-in hybrid and the regular version are really really powerful and pretty damn capable on the street i want to ask our viewers we're kind of tossing back the idea of doing another cheap jeep series yeah by a cheap jeep so we're thinking about getting like maybe three or four so maybe a patriot maybe a liberty right i think the renegade's a little too expensive it still isn't old enough yeah but maybe the compass maybe the compass and maybe a commander you guys want to see that and then taking him to moab and seeing which one of them is the most off-road worthy and which one of them we can switch david into you know what yeah that would be funny too within itself i i can't wait till we talk to toby and we put him on a lift and he's like guys they all leak they will all eat so deep of course just unveiled that was a moment for that the new uh well the refresh version of jl right i'm betting these are not the new ones i don't think these are the new ones well so what they're doing is they're putting in a bigger screen they're giving it power seats nathan yeah they're power seats but i don't think they give you any more space they don't give any more space but if you're like stuck let's say on a hill and you need to move your seat up you can actually do it it's a pull until the battery is disconnected or you lose all power then you're not moving what do you think of this color i like the color i wouldn't i wouldn't personally drive around in purple but i am a prince fan yeah and yet i am funky so this is a color called so this is the 396 but this is which version is this it's a 392 392. it's the heavy i'm trying to find the color though all right exterior colors 82 000. it's 88 000. i'm sorry limited edition rain exterior paint like you rain the world i guess and uh the sticker on these i want you to stick around that 392 89 000 nathan yeah that's um that's a that's a better pill to swallow but then again and only those look like they're 33s no there's at least 35 so those are 35 at least you know 40 is the new uh just that that's going too far really yeah i think so i think 37 is the best oh it gives you such a cushy ride they put 37s on my power wagon that'd be even another reason for me to feel bad about not owning one can i show you the best looking car here yes it's straight ahead it's electrical oh yeah but the color's wrong and you and i agree on that yeah i agree but the lexus uh i just actually had it in florida uh what a place to have lc 500 convertible did you have the convertible in florida yes oh and bright yellow so our friend moto man owned one and his was like a maroon i love that bronco by the way that's really cool let's hit that in a second yeah but let's see what you talked about it yeah we have a retiree checking it out you're just stereotyping carson i know but i'm looking at what's there just knock it off knock it off david okay but the lc is still one of the best looking not only the best looking lexus built one of the best looking toyota products built and you can get a v8 and you can get in the v8 i think that this is one of the best looking japanese vehicles built next to the 2000 gt i agree it's just phenomenal i think it's the best looking car here the problem with it when i had it was it kind of writes a check of canned cash right right it's only got like 400 horsepower oh gee and it looks much i mean today when when but it's a gt car yes i know but still like for 112 000 which is the one i had you wanted like 500 how much is this guy is there price 100 and no 4.6 which is fine 400 471 horsepower so i'm wrong 471 uh as shown 112 000. that was close yeah um and people are making money by buying these and flipping them right now because they're so rare are we two different flavors of bronco i know like the everglades this is a really good package that is soup like totally going under the radar it's not selling because it's only available with a small engine which is still fine right but most people want the big engine yeah because they want to go faster on the streets but off-road with the right gearing this thing is actually the vehicle this is the one i would get but i love the heritage too isn't this cool so come over here and check out it from the front and the side you can really see i think ford was brilliant by doing this so 35 as shown yeah with steelies but they're not real steelies either no no these are the ones that look like steelies but they're i think they're aluminum or something like that so yeah go ahead and hit it with your finger you could tell give it a little knock yeah they're fake steelers yeah exactly but it looks cool and that's the point so they don't bend i i still say that the ford bronco sport is one of my favorite vehicles in the class they've been selling out left and right for good reason they get good mileage if you get the right one they do pretty decent off-road and they're good family cars how much do you think the everybody would cost uh that one's probably 65. let me go look i'm not curious i don't know could be totally wrong it comes with a winch by the way huh comes with the wings oh so the winch it comes with it uh okay from the factory i said 65. nope you're on 57 57 wow yeah that's msrp that's way less than i thought you know if i were to get one i get in this color i like the color in this configuration although you know tell me to make fun of you no he loves it he would say what's hearing aid beige or whatever he loves saying that about anything that's not green all right let me show you a crazy color over here so you know manufacturers usually when they unveil a car have a hero color yeah right that's the color they think it looks best in or gets the most attention in or gets the most felicity in and of course the new rx just came out and this is the hero color what do you think uh i think my wife would love it yeah it's not my type of color 508 it's like a champagne rose it's like a copper bronzy color very bold yeah but i'm not seeing anything listed here on the color of the actual vehicle so i forgot what it's called copper crest that's right copper i know your product and what's your name tracy tracy thank you very much appreciate the help what what do you think of the schnoz it's the spot is i think tracy schnauzer is fine no no no no tracy not oh the cars yeah so one of the things they did was they actually went and integrated this design here yeah and then they look how they did like a melted plastic style where they hint about it here then they have a little open section here and then it goes to this grill meaning that they actually shrunk down their somewhat iconic um hourglass shape in the front and this is the face of the new lexus according to lexus themselves that they're going to be converting well obviously they're going to electric and you're going to see more and more of this in the near future so there's three versions of this right right uh the one that i got to drive which is coming next year it's a plug-in hybrid right and that's the one i probably wait the 350h plug-in hybrid no that's a 400 h 58 350. yeah 350. ah okay and then there's a regular hybrid that's the one i'd wait for still have the spindle it just goes up to here yeah so but it's all covered up with this little thing here as a design element s but it'll look yeah so the electric one is over here roman oh all right no that's the 200. look oh yeah that's that yeah so this is yeah yeah so basically this is the lexus version of the beast 4x yeah exactly uh well aside from the uh did we talk to alexis about that i don't know i'm guessing it's a spindle so it's in the shape of a school of thread it's full of thread gotcha right which makes sense considering that the interior components many of them are handmade exactly by the way look look at that cane there that is the flashiest yeah you are are you okay yeah you're always paralyzed 11 years in a wheelchair oh well congratulations on the walking too congratulations yeah very good so we keep going guys we're gonna keep on going yeah thank you appreciate it yeah so uh that's of course the election version of the bz4x um and the problem with that one and the bz4x is they're like one generation behind they are at range it's really the biggest yeah it's like realistically 220 and let's face it like i said 40s of the new 37s 300 is a new 200. okay and this right here is the reason why lexus and toyota are panicking they should be they should be because when the before this then remember hyundai has been doing electric cars for a little while but they weren't really putting anything on the radar then the ionic 5 came out and we've driven the hell out of them in fact i i dare say that we've driven for journalists more ionic five than anybody else out there cross country back and forth and they're really good really really good they have the range they have the 800 volt architecture you can get them all-wheel drive or rear-wheel drive they are i mean look you've got like you know a couple different ingredients that go into a good eevee right first you got styling and they're gorgeous right so the pixel uh design language yeah retro things pixel design language then you've got the technology it's it's 800 volt architecture unlike 400 volt which is charges quickly at the right charger really there's only one fog that i found on it what's that right here wiper everybody hates the fact there's no wiper there's no rear wiper back there my friends so that is one of the things and they swear that the aerodynamics means that it'll push away but i was in the middle of the desert so many times yeah and i actually had to take my cup of coffee and splash it on the back so i can see out of the back and wipe it down but if that's the only flaw think about how good it actually is because you know me i'll gripe about a car for a week hyundai if you're watching this that wasn't the one you lent us obviously that was your brother's right nathan yeah there's my brothers those are brothers yeah yeah come on they were pour coffee on well because i needed to see come on all right let's look at this couple other hyundai products all right let's get a couple other ones uh the ev uh six is not here i like six i mean i don't see an ionic six no that's a good point and it's also confusing ev6 ionic6 well that's one of the problems the the naming culture right now that's going on has been a nightmare for a lot of people and you went to germany i believe to look at the new konas that's the old one yes that is not the new one actually good looking wheels on it i gotta say it was a good looking wheel uh and here's your favorite vehicle of course well it's my favorite but it's definitely something that i would be willing to buy this is what i would buy i've driven the kona and nathan yeah and i've driven many of these and i'm willing to crawl underneath it remove the rear trailer uh harness so take it with me so i could put it on mine because i don't want to wait six months i'm surprised they didn't give it back to you they kept it yeah so if you want to if you want to read or hear about that story head on over to all tfl where we just recorded the truck podcast and we talked about nathan's travails on getting his uh hitch uh wiring harness yeah it was a recall and i'm still very ticked about it if you couldn't tell and i'm sure many of you guys are too go to the sport let's go over the volkswagen i think oh yeah they're around the corner so we're going to go up and around now one of the cool things about transitioning to some electric vehicles is the fact that having indoor test courses are very very easy to do because you don't have to worry about emissions and killing the people that are in here while they're driving cars you can go out there and drive cars so let's see what electric vehicles we have so we have uh the lightning yep we have mustang maki and we have the id4 now i wanted to mention something about the id4 and volkswagen in general and that is that i'm going to be going out to new york very soon probably shortly after you see this and i'm going to be trying out the id7 wow that's right new york that's that's right yay yeah i mean yeah i'll be there as well uh doing a yet undisclosed vehicle for me yet undisclosed manufacturer so we'll both be there on two different programs roman really wants to go out there and keep an eye on me and i promised them that i wouldn't get arrested this time so let's go let's go let's keep going let's go this way then yeah because there's no nothing in there there's nothing in there uh this is actually where you queue up to drive the cars so not all auto shows do this by the way um but once again it's one of the benefits of having electric vehicles that you can actually drive indoors they do sometimes have off-road courses at some auto shows they used to do that here and those shows would allow for exhaust me like sucked up in the vents so you could drive one car at a time nathan i see people gathering around the new smart car i i think i think they have created quite a stir with their with their new directions it's a new type of hybrid yeah yeah so it's a gas engine mixed in with a jet engine it's the kind of hybrid i can most certainly endorse unless i'm driving and check this out a chat engine in a smart car nathan i think they're going to rename it the v2 or the v3 maybe i think that would be a bad idea okay well you do have a fuel cell back here come show them come on closer you yeah have a look inside yeah the passenger capacity is dropped down capacity uh but but i'm assuming speed and quickness have increased exponentially yeah and i'm guessing that if you wanted to run cold air into this thing you just fire up the ac on high so it's um it's got a fire extinguisher that's good i don't think you have much time if it wins yeah exactly wouldn't this melt the no not at all because the heat's really this is the heat is proportional that's actually the hottest part is like right here um but oh look roman they're probably going to sell it it smells a little um jetooly yeah exactly hello jetfully look at the look at the little uh like controls on this thing i like i like the shifter on top of the shifter yeah that is something that you don't see every day once again smart has gone a different direction they certainly have let us know in the comments below what you think of smart student direction and speaking of a new direction now there's an alfa romeo here i've never actually heard of which is well not unusual i guess but certainly surprising i think it's a zagato design that we're looking at here and it's not something that's very common and i'm pretty sure that given its age it was just shipped in recently s dot z did that foretell the future or did it uh did it herald a tragic past in design well if memory serves this is a zagato vehicle that was transferred into the absolute lightest version i know nothing about this i like the rare drive turbocharged four-cylinder engine i think but i really don't have a lot of information on it this is the unique portion of the car show where you know we got the cars we're like i really don't know what the hell it is let me show you another one oh yeah crazy you gotta check out this rolls-royce this is i would call this the barbie doll rolls royce this is where we need moto man i'm just because of barbie doll no because he would love that he knows all these exotics right ah i mean here we have uh mclaren's uh we have a lamborghini yeah but this rolls-royce is look look at this rolls royce look at the color on that nathan not not the blue one i'm talking about the the sky blue powder blue baby powder blue yeah yeah exactly what look at the crowd of people gathered around it so colors can be said for for being a little bit outlandish i love the suicide doors take a peek inside in show on the inside of that thing hey fast car lane hey thank you oh thanks appreciate it yeah thanks for watch want to show the inside of it let's see what they did on the inside they had to make the inside unique too well yeah so they used a lot of uh i don't know leather and more leather and then yeah additional leather from like virgin cows my biggest issue is the wheels are way too small and the tires are way way way too small i would have gone yeah but they got a white line on them i know some white walls maybe maybe it's just maybe it's just drop maybe it's lamb what do you think yeah i think so i think it's probably got an adjustable suspense skillet color what would you call this this blue yeah yeah i call it powder blue powder blue yeah yeah definitely barbie doll color well if you want to be noticed yes this is the right car for you it's good old color not skilled skittles ah that's it uh here we have the db uh i did that's a funny story behind it it is a really cool story yeah aston martin flew me all the way to sardinia to drive this car and you think that'd be quite exciting yeah except we were there in the off season which was in march and when we got there keep in mind this is a car in 23s with summer tires and 700 horsepower right yeah so we got there it first started raining then it started blowing and then started snowing so i was there basically the little snowstorm and i came back and there were all these other like youtubers there like the guys from cars of london right and they were all showing me pictures they were all like check this out look at that a db07 dbx 707 in the snow and i was thinking to myself dude i could have done that 20 minutes from my house in march i didn't need to fly all the way to you know italy to grab one in the winter hi i'm roman nice to meet you okay i appreciate that thank you thank you very much i think these are our people yeah well yeah that and when we go to expose and whatnot especially over the next a lot of our people there too all right well um we've kind of done the whole show i mean unless we want to jump romeo is our friend nick would certainly appreciate us talking about alfa romeo yeah um now alfa romeo we uh we are going to be driving more of them in the near future um all right we can end on this one what do you think of that color well that's similar to the other one except for it's a satin finish yeah and then you've got that finish orange i'm not too sure about the orange part oh it's certainly very out there yeah i can't read what it says something f oh it don't say it on camera jordan maybe somebody else can figure out what i don't know if that's a good word or not i don't know if that's a good word i think it's sister birthday bad things about trippers yeah anyway um this in the near future is going to become a huge electric brand too maserati is already talking about shifting a lot of their vehicles to electrification in one way or another that's going to happen in the near future well guys uh thank you for joining us as always uh we really had fun walking around the show and kind of giving you our unique take yeah and uh if you're interested uh on julie back next week so i will be on the car channel with nathan and andre i'll be doing more of the trucks and remember go to all tfl.com if you want to see all the stuff we talked about see you next time guys ciao [music] thank you  what are the very best award-worthy vehicles for 2023 that's what we're going to find out welcome to call the corner where we help you the consumer master the process of car buying and car ownership for this video i'm going to share my picks for the very best vehicles that you can buy for 2023 in each major vehicle category as well as my pick for the very best car of the year now even though i test and review over 50 brand new models every single year i'm actually not a huge fan of car of the year awards but if i had to pick just one model to pick to win the award for a car of the year well stick around till the end of the video to find out which model that is and if you enjoy and get value of this video make sure to subscribe to my channel i post two videos a week always straight to the point valuable car buying advice designed to help you the consumer so before we get into my pick for the very best car of the year let's start off with a few other categories first starting with the best sedan of the year which is the 2023 toyota corolla hybrid the corolla has long been known for its exceptional reliability low operating costs and terrific value for money and all of those qualities still remain true today all toyota has done is enhance and expand the corolla's basic goodness especially with the new updates introduced for 2023 i will have a full test drive video coming on the new corolla hybrid in the near future but for now let's just go over the basics for 2023 toyota has expanded the corolla hybrid offering a variety of different trim levels depending on the features and the budget that you have and they've also introduced all-wheel drive as an option on top of the base front wheel drive version they've also increased the power of the hybrid system while maintaining exceptional fuel economy which is something that the corolla hybrid is really well known for the result is that you have a very well designed car with more than adequate performance all-wheel drive capability and most importantly of all really good fuel economy which is the main reason why anybody buys a hybrid and the best part is that you don't have to pay a huge price premium in order to get the hybrid option it only costs twelve hundred dollars more than the regular gas version in the us or around twenty five hundred dollars more in canada which is a pretty reasonable premium it's more than worth it considering that the hybrid is going to save you a ton of money on gas in the long run and also thanks to the very high resale value of hybrids too and when you factor in the really affordable pricing of the corolla hybrid well that just makes it an even better buy it the corolla hybrid is one of the most affordable ways of getting into the door of electrified vehicle ownership and it's not like you're going to be missing out on a lot of features or technology either for 2023 toyota has introduced a brand new 8-inch touchscreen multimedia infotainment system with wireless apple carplay and android auto capability toyota has also expanded the corolla safety technology with toyota safety sense 3.0 which gets you the latest active safety technology so when you put it all together the amazing safety and technology the hybrid system with its amazing fuel economy the availability of all-wheel drive the affordable pricing and the reliability of the corolla in general it's really hard to find a better sedan that you can buy on the market right now no other sedan that you can buy on the market can combine all of these amazing attributes especially at this really affordable price so if you just want to buy an affordable car or a compact sedan then the corolla hybrid is certainly worth a really close look so let's move on to the next vehicle category which is electric cars and the winner for the very best electric car that you can buy for 2023 is the hyundai ioniq 5. now admittedly a lot of electric cars still come with a lot of compromises and many of them are just way too expensive for the average consumer and the technology still has a long way to go but the ioniq 5 shows us how far the technology has come in such a short amount of time and no matter which way you look at it by almost every single measure it really is an impressive car not only is it a visually striking car with an award-worthy design but it also comes with a lot of class leading technology you can get the ionic in a variety of different configurations including two wheel and all-wheel drive a standard or extended range battery with a driving range of up to 300mph miles or 480 kilometers it also comes with a really advanced 800 volt charging system which gives it class-leading charging capability to match the very best evs that you can buy on the market you also get a top-notch interior with plenty of upscale materials lots of interior space and cargo space and class leading technology too if you didn't know it was a hyundai you could easily be fooled into thinking you were sitting in some kind of high-end luxury car with double the price tag and even though the ionic 5 is not exactly affordably priced it is very competitive when you compare it against a lot of other evs that you can buy it's no surprise really that hyundai has caught up to tesla as one of the best selling brands on the market for electric vehicles right now the same is also true of kia which has introduced the ev6 which is basically the platform cousin of the ionic 5. either way if you really want to get into the door of ev ownership the ionic 5 is a great place to start and next up we'll do the truck category with the winner for the very best truck of the year being the ford maverick hybrid now i know this one might be a little bit controversial especially for those who don't consider the maverick to be a proper quote-unquote truck but the reality is that the maverick is exactly what a lot of truck buyers are looking for something that's not too large but still really practical and useful easy to drive and maneuver around the city but most importantly of all something that's affordably priced and that's especially true if you go for the maverick hybrid which is the most affordable version for 2023 the maverick hybrid is priced from just over 24 000 us or just over 30 000 canadian which makes it way more affordable than almost any other truck on the market and for that you get a really well designed and time-tested hybrid system which uses a simple naturally aspirated 2.5 liter four-cylinder engine with a two motor hybrid setup and an ecvt producing around 191 horsepower on top of having a 1500 pound payload capacity and a 2 000 pound towing capacity the hybrid is also able to achieve around 40 miles per gallon or 6 liters per 100 kilometers which is phenomenal fuel economy for a truck you also have a useful four and a half foot bed a spacious interior with really roomy back seats and more than enough technology too including an 8-inch touchscreen infotainment system with apple carplay and android auto as a whole the maverick hybrid really delivers a lot of value for the money and given that it has a well-proven hybrid system with a good track record for reliability from other ford models i would say this is a solid buy of course there are plenty of fancier more capable and larger trucks that you can buy on the market but they also carry much higher price tags the maverick hybrid is really something different the type of truck that a lot of buyers have been waiting for something that's affordable to buy offers plenty of capability but also has a bit of a twist with a hybrid system that's going to save you a lot of money on gas too it really is a great option and an easy winner for the best truck of the year and next up we'll do the suv crossover category with the winner being the toyota rav4 hybrid and rav4 prime there are many reasons why i chose the rav4 for the best crossover suv that you can buy for the year even though there have been a number of brand new redesigned suvs that have come out in the past year none of them can quite match the same combination of winning trades that you get with the rav4 hybrid for one thing the rav4 hybrid still delivers class leading fuel economy able to achieve 40 miles per gallon or 6 liters per 100 kilometers and the rav4 prime is also class leading among plug-in hybrid suvs too achieving just over 40 miles or 65 kilometers on pure electric range they also deliver great performance a smooth quiet driving experience and plenty of features and safety technology at a really affordable price the rav4 also has one of the most diverse lineups with several different trim levels to choose from depending on what features you want and what your budget is and toyota has even introduced a number of great updates for 2023 including introducing a brand new new multimedia interface for the touchscreen infotainment system with wireless apple carplay and android auto and on top of all of that you have what are probably the most attractive qualities of the rav4 in general which are its exceptional reputation for reliability and rock solid resale value too ultimately most crossover suv buyers are looking for quality reliability having great fuel economy matched with a lot of safety and technology too and these are all things that you get with the rav4 hybrid and prime and the fact that you're getting all these amazing qualities at a really attractive price point sometimes thousands cheaper than the competition well it just makes the rav4 a total no-brainer so with that one out of the way let's move on to the next category which is the sports car category i threw this one in just for a little bit of fun and actually picked two winners for the best sports cards of the year which are the porsche 911 gt3 and the mazda mx-5 i picked both of these for the winners because they represent two opposite ends of the sports car spectrum one is an affordable and attainable sports car that almost any consumer can buy whereas the other one is more of an aspirational sports car that only a handful of wealthy and lucky buyers will be able to own one day on the affordable end the mx-5 really is one of the best sports cars available on the market right now despite having driven a number of brand new performance cars that have hit the market in the past year i keep coming back to the ms5 for its basic no-nonsense simplicity and its engaging fun driving experience if you just want a simple engaging and entertaining sports car to have a little bit of fun with you really can't do much better than the mx-5 and when you throw in its affordable pricing amazing reputation for strong reliability and low operating costs it really is a no-brainer if you just want to have fun on a budget but if you're on the opposite end of the spectrum where money is not a big issue then you're definitely going to want to take a close look at the 911 gt3 by far this this was the very best sports car that i drove in 2022 for ultimate speed performance and excitement it really delivers everything that you could possibly want in a car like this a high revving race inspired engine with over 500 horsepower amazing acceleration a standard 6-speed manual gearbox and a phenomenal engine sound the desirability is through the roof which is reflected in how unobtainable it is to buy on the market ordering a brand new one is a major challenge and even if you can find a dealer that has one they're often asking almost double the original msrp but if you can somehow manage to get your hands on one no question you are going to have one of the very best sports cars that you can possibly buy and that brings us to the final category which is my pick for the very best car of the year and that pick is the best car 2023 the toyota corolla hybrid toyota really did a phenomenal job with all the updates for this model year they took what was already great with the corolla hybrid but just made it a lot better adding more power available all-wheel drive and a lot more options and trim levels to choose from depending on your budget but at the same time they maintain what was already great with the corolla hybrid it's amazing fuel economy and it's really affordable pricing and not only is it affordable to buy packed with technology and offers all-wheel drive with amazing fuel economy but you also have one of the very best reputations for reliability on the market ultimately the corolla hybrid delivers almost everything that the average consumer is looking for in an affordable compact car and for that it gets an easy win for the very best car of the year so let me know what you thought of this video do you agree with my picks for the best cars of the year or would you have picked other cars instead and which cars are you excited to see me review in 2023 leave a comment below and if you enjoyed this video make sure to like and subscribe you can also take a look at my other car videos by clicking these links over here make sure to follow me on tick tock and instagram and if you need additional car buying advice recommendations or help with getting a great deal on your next new car purchase make sure to check out carhelpcan.com thanks so much for watching and see you next time  foreign driver each year since 1983 our team has gathered for 10 best a week-long evaluation where we gather the most complete advice on which new vehicles you should be looking at for the coming year now if you've already seen our 10 best cars video you know that we've separated the award from 10 best cars the 10 best trucks and suvs and you should already know how the process works but if you haven't it's pretty simple in order to be invited a vehicle must be on sale by january 31st it must cost less than 110 grand we increase the price cap this year due to rising average transaction prices and lastly a vehicle must be new or significantly updated one exception to that rule is that we invite last year's winners back to defend their title now our evaluation involves driving the vehicles back to back on the same roads instrumented testing where we measure acceleration and interior noise and other things and we also consider the usability of these vehicles how friendly their interiors are and how much stuff they can hold after doing all this we take a bunch of notes and score everything on a 100 point scale ultimately we're prioritizing three criteria a vehicle's value how well it fulfills its mission and how enjoyable it is to drive and without further ado here are the winners presenting the 10 best trucks and suvs you can buy in 2023 [music] sometimes a new vehicle blows our minds at its debut and then our enthusiasm wanes as the years go on if you look back at the history of 10 besses littered with examples of this fortunately though the ford bronco is no such vehicle though the hype is receding and broncos are now a common sight we're still smitten with ford's throwback suv it delivers supreme open-air off-road talent along with tolerable highway manners you know the independent front suspension idea might catch on credit ford for stoking the fire even though the bronco is still relatively new and hugely popular the all-conquering raptor is basically a street legal king of the hammers truck it has 37-inch tires and reached 60 miles an hour in 5.6 seconds in our testing and ford hasn't neglected its existing owners either releasing a factory upgrade that takes the 2.3 liter four-cylinder up to 330 horsepower and 385 pound-feet of torque and you get rev matching for the manual transmission for only 825 bucks speaking of manual transmissions the bronco fans complained that the sasquatch off-road package wasn't available with the manual so ford made it happen we're optimistic that if we keep repeating bronco v8 long enough it too will become real even if it doesn't the bronco offers something for almost everyone minimalists can get a four-cylinder two-door model with steel wheels realists might go for a four-door outer banks and its on pavement civility and survivalists can get an everglades with its winch and snorkel to park next to their bug out compound all of those models share a commitment to fun an attitude that driving ought to be a good time whether on or off-road removing the broncos doors is easy as is opening the top the interior looks like it could tolerate a squall ford even built a series of off-road playgrounds around the country called off-rodeos that alone tells you that the broncos goals transcend from your transportation a bronco should deliver a bit of a spark every time you start it up and in its third model year this bronco still does [music] no category of vehicles has embraced the bigger is better mindset more than pickup trucks today's full-size trucks go larger and larger and pulled along in their wake the next tier down mid-sized pickups have also increased in size leaving a vacuum at the base of the market for a long time however the conventional wisdom was that buyers wouldn't be interested in a small pickup and that automakers couldn't build one profitably [music] ford certainly embraced the one-upmanship that spurred ever larger pickups with its f-150 yet the company determined that yes there was a case to be made for a true compact truck and when the ford maverick appeared the buying public went nuts the first year's production sold out in january and when the order window for the 2023 model opened at the end of last summer buyers again waived their checkbooks and cleaned out dealers within days we understand the enthusiasm the maverick has a unibody construction but with a payload capacity of up to 1500 pounds it's not a truck in just name alone a of course it's not going to be able to tow a jet liner but the 250 horsepower turbocharged 4-cylinder has a 4 000 pound tow rating and that's enough for real world tasks like a small snowmobile trailer or a personal water crafter too at the same time the standard front wheel drive only hybrid tugs just 2 000 pounds but returns an eye-popping 42 mpg in the city according to the epa the optional turbo 4 is considerably less fuel efficient but it's strong enough to send the maverick to 60 in a brisk 5.9 seconds when we tested it but it's not merely economy there's also a lot of livability here the size of the cab means you have to climb up off the ground to access it same with the bed it doesn't require lifting heavy objects four feet in the air just to load them and the sight lines mean you can actually see what's in front of the truck easy to own easy to use and easy to live with the maverick proves that when done right the just enough truck can be just right [music] the number of times gas station customers have asked us at the pump hey is that a hyundai has mercifully diminished clearly the genesis brand is rocketed upwards in the public consciousness no doubt due to the growing lineup of truly luxurious products that includes past 10 best winners such as the g70 sport sedan and the plush gb80 suv the gv70 is the latest genesis to earn a spot on this list and it does so with a thoughtful balance of comfort and athleticism not to mention its artfully penned design the gv70 is also a value-oriented proposition that undercuts its rivals from bmw and jaguar and porsche by thousands of dollars two satisfying powertrains are offered starting with a turbocharged two and a half liter four-cylinder that makes 300 horsepower the even more powerful 375 horsepower twin turbo v6 reached 60 miles an hour in 4.6 seconds in our testing and it did so with a refined but muted engine note that keeps the cabin serene handling isn't as sharp as a porsche macan but the gv70 held its own on our 10 best evaluation loop as our editors returned from test drives with smiles on their faces the v6 gv70 comes equipped with adaptive dampers that let the driver decide which personality to unlock left in the most comfortable setting the suspension is compliant without the floatiness of its larger competitors with the drive mode set to sport plus the gv70 is ready to hustle it even has launch control the jv70 offers everything that shoppers in this segment should be looking for like space and comfort for four adults a commanding view of the road from the driver's seat and enough cargo space for the occasional trip to the big box store the genesis's broad appeal makes it a welcome entry to our 10 best list we truly believe it has something for every kind of buyer even car nuts like maybe yourself [music] we expected honda's latest crv to be competent they always are in a anonymous kind of way but this new sixth generation went way further than we expected this is a well-rounded package that punches way above its weight in multiple areas you feel it as soon as you shut the door and get rolling as the structure immediately feels tight hushed and substantial the body shell is more rigid partly because structural adhesive now supplements the usual weld spots and there's additional sound insulation hybrid diversions take things a step further with thicker frontside glass and an acoustic windshield once you're underway the new crv delivers the kind of smooth and settled ride you'd expect from a more upmarket vehicle the steering is willing and predictable and the chassis cuts a steady arc through turns the sport trims thicker anti-roll bars inspire more confidence but their ride remains steady even on twisty and damaged pavement sections of our test loop the interior feels substantial too with an attractive styling theme shared with the honda civic another 10 best winner the instrument panel is attractive yet logical with an infotainment interface that feels familiar and approachable both rows of seats are spacious and comfortable with a good amount of cargo capacity behind two powertrains are offered a 190 horsepower turbo one and a half liter four-cylinder is paired with a continuously variable automatic transmission in the ex and exl models it's generally agreeable but can become slightly coarse when worked hard the sport and sport touring models feature a 204 horsepower hybrid system whose 2-liter engine can either propel the vehicle directly while cruising or spin a generator to supply the electric motor in real time under acceleration the engine rpm rises and falls as if shifting is occurring but it's a choreographed show to project normality and prevent droning while the electric motors smoothly and steadily drives the vehicle forward the hybrid payoff is huge you get up to 40 mpg combined compared to the base engines 30 mpg combined and the hybrid cost payback is only a few years even less if you consider the higher content in this sport trim levels that's our most recommended version of this highly recommended vehicle foreign [music] y of the year award is like winning a grammy for best album in a given genre getting a 10 best award is more like taking album of the year the former celebrates the winner's place among its peers while the latter honors a performance across the creator industry the hyundai ioniq 5 has earned two of our top prizes with this 2022 evie of the year award winner also earning its plays on our 10 best trucks and suvs list for 2023 and much of what makes this vehicle a standout stems from the fact that hyundai developed it as a dedicated battery electric vehicle built on the automaker's ev specific egmp platform the ionic 5 takes advantage of the underfloor position of its battery pack and the compact rear or front and rear axle mounted motors by pushing its four wheels to the four corners of its body despite being similar in size as hyundai's compact tucson suv the ionic 5's wheelbase is longer than that of the three-row palisade this stance means lots of passenger space and the positioning of the suv's three across rear bench gives it more leg room than a genesis g90 hyundai further enhances the spacious feel of the cabin by the way of large windows in an open front floor that's uninterrupted by a center console an 800 volt electrical architecture enables fast charging rates of both the standard 58 kilowatt hour battery pack or the available 77.4 kilowatt hour pack in our testing an all-wheel drive ioniq 5 with the big battery needed just 11 minutes to add 100 miles of real world highway range on a dc fast charger that same ionic 5 required just four and a half seconds to accelerate to 60 miles an hour in our testing courtesy of 320 horsepower from two drive motors yet the ioniq 5's best attribute has to be this retro futuristic design from a distance it looks deceivingly simple but as you get closer you see there's all kinds of delightful details in its bodywork and trim pieces even for non-car enthusiasts this is the kind of vehicle that just screams cool the ioniq 5 is not free of flaws it suffers from a tiny frunk and a full-size suv like turning radius even so the hyundai ioniq 5 is a stellar ev and a genuinely compelling vehicle battery powered or otherwise [music] we haven't awarded an ev with a 10 best trophy since 2017. so this year is proof that the neighborhood electric avenue bisects has been rehabilitated the yawn inducing sub 200 mile offerings have been pushed aside and vibrant new entries are popping up all over consider the kia ev6 which is mechanically similar to the hyundai ioniq 5. how did kia get us excited about a muffler-less crossover as soft to the ears as npr commentary we'll answer that with another question who could say no to an suv with an available drift mode the kia ev6 gets the basics right too as with the ionic 5 the ev6 has an 800 volt architecture that enables extremely quick charging speeds when you're hooked up to a properly working dc fast charger in our testing the ev6 needed only 11 minutes to add 100 miles of real world highway range that's a really good performance for an ev with up to 310 miles of epa estimated range the eb6 currently has the most offered of any ev priced under 50 000 there's also ample cargo space behind the rear seats but these practical metrics are just an aside to what we really love about this thing the ev6 shares the platform and powertrain with the ionic 5 but so far as of the time of this recording the ev6 is available with 576 horsepower and as it turns out that much power easily sways our collective opinion it wasn't long ago that our 10 best trucks list was a block of small bmw's big benzes and the occasional minivan but times change electric lawn mowers quietly cut the grass street lights glow with bright leds and now there's a kia ev that's quicker than a mustang shelby gt500 welcome to the neighborhood champ [music] we can and often do go on about quarter mile times skid pad g's and how it just feels nice to rev match a downshift but we also know that most people most of the time are just inching along in the drop-off line at school or slogging from stop light to stop light in an ever-ending series of errands as today's family car of choice three row suvs are sentenced to live out much of their days doing this kind of duty along with road trips carpooling and the occasional big cargo hall it can be grindingly mundane but the kia telluride proves your three-row suv doesn't have to be the telluride's degree of polish well considered design its features and just plain niceness help elevate the everyday its 291 horsepower v6 and 8-speed automatic provide effortless acceleration its composed chassis is tuned well to the task at hand and if you care to lift some of that suv dream life the telluride equips itself capably on the occasional unpaved road or so this year with the arrival of standard hill descent control along with slightly higher ground clearance for the x-line and x-pro trim levels when we subjected a 2020 telluride to our 40 000 mile long-term test we said that kia has built a range rover for the middle class and we didn't mean just by design interior quality or a long list of features although the telluride has all that we meant that the telluride is truly a class above this is the telluride's fourth straight 10 best win and its runaway sales success and buyers demonstrated willingness to accept egregious dealer markets have given kia the green light to raise prices it has a result the telluride is no longer the screaming bargain it was when it first appeared but it still strikes us as a good value it's just that now the secret's out [music] with a nimbleness rarely found among the higher riding breed of vehicles the porsche macan drives like it belongs on our 10 best cars list at the gts trim level the macan feels like an enlarged hot hatch with ultra sharp steering complemented by a poised chassis a 434 horsepower twin turbo v6 doesn't hurt either the seating position sits taller than in porsche's iconic sports cars but you quickly forget that while you're piloting a roughly 4 300 pound crossover the 7-speed dual clutch executes rapid snappy shifts with the click of a cool metal paddles or responds nearly telepathically when you leave it in automatic the entire package boosts the driver's confidence with every turn of the wheel and prod of the pedals even the base macan still provides the typical porsche driving excellence insurance turbocharged four-cylinder doesn't sound as good as the v6 that you get with the s and this gts but it still delivers a healthy 261 horsepower the base model really wakes up in the sportier drive modes and exhibits the same balanced and agile handling as the more dynamic macan variants despite the focus on driver enjoyment the macan still serves as a usable commuter the ride is smooth and the cabin is comfortable although it's a bit tight the fit and finish is impeccable and the materials are luxurious and modern even if gloss black plastic that appears on many high-touch surfaces turns certain areas into a magnet for fingerprints now all this greatness does come with a steep price of entry the base macon will set you back sixty thousand dollars or near to it before options and the gts we evaluated had an as tested price of just over a hundred thousand dollars that's a lot of money but the macan is unmatched when it comes to driving dynamics and you get a high quality interior that's befitting of the price the macan's ability to be both a thrill-seeking corner carving rocket and a pleasant luxury cruiser regardless of trim level or powertrain solidifies its spot on our 10 best list while it feels like the full-size truck status quo is evolving now that electric propulsion has entered the segment it's the ram's traditional formula that produces the most satisfying pickup today this truck was last redesigned for 2019 but the ram 1500s excellence in execution has given it remarkable staying power landing on our 10 best list for the fifth straight year what the ram 1500 does it does better than any other pickup it's coil spring rear suspension gives it a ride quality that's like a luxury suv and it makes the bouncy f-150 feel like a farm truck by comparison the optional 5.7 liter v8 makes it satisfyingly nostalgic roar and yet still manages decent fuel economy when it's equipped with the etorque 48 volt hybrid system this supercharged trx with its 702 horsepower v8 is an exercise in absurdity and has the off-road capability and wow factor to support its mission the rams interior is its most impressive feature an important plus considering that's where you spend most of your time the upper trim levels feature materials like leather metal trim and open pore wood it's the kind of attention to detail that we expect in a mercedes s-class and even the cheaper versions have sound ergonomics crisp digital displays and buttons and knobs that are satisfying to the touch if you actually use your truck like a truck you'll likely appreciate things like air springs that can lower the truck for loading or hooking up a trailer and useful storage boxes in and around the bed and cap do yourself a favor and skip the debate over which truck currently has the highest payload and towing ratings if the half ton ram can't handle your hauling needs you probably need a heavy duty pickup truck anyway for everyone else looking for an everyday pickup the ram is the one to meet your needs and exceed your expectations [music] it just so happened that we picked three pickup trucks for 10 best this year in size small medium and large when you take out the typical truck negatives like ride quality cabin noise and fuel economy you're left with a practical package and much in the same way that the 90s popularized suvs is the cool vehicle choice the 2010s have normalized the pickup the r1t is the most normal driving pickup we've ever sampled it sure helps that the r1t with 835 horsepower is the most powerful vehicle ever to make a 10 best list it's four electric motors one per wheel help navigate this 7150 pound truck to 60 miles an hour in as little as three seconds one of the reasons the r1t is so heavy is its 128.9 kilowatt hour battery pack that power source nets a 75 mile an hour highway range of up to 280 miles there are two other battery sizes coming one larger and one smaller as well as a two motor version that will start around 75 grand that model will likely become popular because it starts under the threshold that allows it to net a 7 500 federal tax credit but acceleration and range aren't solely what makes this a winner the interior design is high style the seats are comfortable and the cabin materials are ones that no contractor would recognize then there's the exemplary on-road dynamics hydraulic anti-roll control air springs and adaptive dampers are common equipment on typical pickup trucks but like we said this isn't a typical pickup truck it'll still tow 11 000 pounds though not very far on a single charge we did 110 miles with the 6100 pound camper the rivian's day-to-day livability overshadows all else there's storage for your long and skinny gear and a novel tunnel behind the cab a frunk a decently sized bed and even a removable speaker and flashlight for anyone who daily drives a half ton pickup the r1t is way more than you'll ever need it's also way better to drive than whatever truck you're used to making it one of the best on the market foreign  alistair weaver: alistair\nweaver here for edmunds with the best new cars of 2022. from a to z, we'll talk\nyou through all the latest new cars, trucks, and suvs and\nexplain why they may or may not matter to you. it's pretty exhaustive. speaker 1: exhausting. alistair weaver: that as well. so if you are interested in\none brand or another check out the youtube chapter breaks. and if you want to\nlearn more about any of the vehicles\nyou see here, head to edmunds.com for our\nfull in-depth reviews. the acura mdx was new last\nyear and, an engine aside, was all new. it's a three-row suv,\nand it's a bit bigger than before to the benefit\nof people and cargo. there's also a\nnew type s version if you prioritize\nthe \"s\" in suv. we're living with an mdx as part\nof our long-term test fleet, and, generally\nspeaking, we're a fan. but-- and it's a big \"but\"-- we're still infuriated by\nthe touchpad control system. make sure you try\nthat before you buy. the bigger news\nfrom acura this year is the rebirth of the integra. the old one was a\nposter boy for fans of high revving\njapanese hatchbacks. the new one retains a swoopy\nroofline and an enthusiast agenda. there'll be a 1.5\nliter turbo engine at launch, pinch from\nthe honda civic si. but we'd be astonished if it\nwasn't joined in due course by a type s version with the\nengine from the upcoming civic type r-- marvelous. now, here's our very\nown mark takahashi with the best of audi. mark takahashi:\naudi's smallest sedan enters its third generation\nfor 2022 and, simultaneously, grows up and becomes a bit\nmore fun in the process. its turbocharged, 4 cylinder\nproduces 201 horsepower this year and is joined\nby a mild hybrid system for improved fuel\neconomy, especially with the all-wheel\ndrive version. the interior shares some of its\ndna with volkswagen golf gti. both feature a tech-heavy and\ndriver-oriented cockpit layout. but the audi is a\nlot more interesting. it has all sorts of sharp\nangles to give the cabin a totally unique look. not all of our editors are\nsold on the a3's new exterior design, but the\nrest of the car is so good you should definitely\nadd it to your shopping list. the s3 ditches the\nmild hybrid system for a spicier version of the\na3's turbocharged 4 cylinder. this time, [inaudible]\nproduced 306 horsepower. choosing the s3 over the\na3 dropped the 0 to 60 time from an estimated 6.3\nseconds to 4.5 seconds. of course, if you need the\nultimate small sports sedan, look no further than the rs 3. it shares a common platform\nwith the other two, but the inline 4 is swapped\nout for a 401 horsepower, turbocharged, 5 cylinder. audi says the rs 3\nshould clock a 0 to 60 run and 3.8 seconds, which is\nroughly the same as the mustang gt500. there's all sorts of\nmechanical wizardry to help rein in the\npower and turns, such as a new torque splitter\ndifferential and torque rear mode, which can divert all\npower to one rear wheel. the e-tron gt is audi's\nall-new electric sports sedan. and just look at it. it looks incredible. audi takes the porsche taycan\nand applies a futuristic design inside and out. you could totally see tony\nstark driving around in this. well, if he was still kicking. we'd say spoiler alert, but come\non, endgame came out years ago. there are two e-tron gt\nmodels available and both have gobs of power and range\nbetween 230 and 240 miles. the normal version is\nrated at 469 horsepower, though the launch\ncontrol mode temporarily boosts this to 522 horsepower. then there's the\nrs e-tron gt, which makes 590 horsepower\nnormally or 637 horsepower using launch control. selecting the rs\ne-tron gt lowers 0 60 time from 3.8\nseconds to 3 seconds flat. not enough to outrun\na tesla model s plaid, but you also don't have to\ndeal with that car's dumb yoke steering wheel. if you liked audi's first\nelectric vehicle, the e-tron, but its price was a\nlittle high, the q4 e-tron might be right up your alley. plan to start right\naround $45,000. the q4 e-tron is a\ncompact car that's part hatchback, part suv. the standard configuration,\nwhich audi calls the q4 40 e-tron is a single\nelectric motor that powers the rear wheels only. it makes a modest\n201 horsepower, which isn't stellar\nfor a luxury ev, but it should be\nenough to make the q4 e-tron feel speedy around town. the q4 50 e-tron adds\na second motor up front to give the q4 all-wheel drive\nand an estimated combined output of around 300 horsepower. audi says the q4 e-tron\nwill deliver about 250 miles of range on a full charge. there is also a q4\nsportback e-tron for buyers that are\nwilling to give up a little passenger and\ncargo room for a more stylish exterior. [music playing] bmw all-electric i brand\ngrows with the introduction of two all new evs. first up is the ix, a\nmid-size suv with enough power and refinement that you\nmight be able to get over its rather challenging face. it debuts in a single\ntrim, called the xdrive 50 and will start around $85,000. bmw says the two electric\nmotors will make 500 horsepower. and when the ix\nshows up stateside, it should have 300 miles of\nrange on a single charge. but those are just\nearly estimates. if an electric sedan is\nwhat you're after bmw has you covered there, too. when the i4 goes on sale, it\nwill be available in two trims, the top-of-the-range i4 m50\nis the first time bmw's \"m\" badge has ever\nappeared on an ev. the m50's dual-electric motors\nmake 536 horsepower and 586 pound feet of torque. that's more than the current m3. the less powerful\ne drive 40 models make do with 335 horses and\n317 pound feet of torque. both i4's use the same 84\nkilowatt-hour battery pack. but the m50's bigger\nwheels, stickier tires, and extra electric\nmotor make it less efficient than its\nlittle brother. bmw says the m50 will have\n245 miles of driving range and the e-40 should\ndo exactly 300. but, again, those\nfigures are preliminary. the new 2 series gets\na ground up redesign that makes it longer and wider\nthan the car it replaces. when it goes on sale\nnext year, the 2 series will be available with either\na 4 or 6 cylinder engine. the top-of-the-line m240i\nmodels will make 382 horsepower and 369 pound feet of torque. sadly, the option for a manual\nin the 2 series is gone. and all models will\nroute their power through an eight-speed,\nautomatic transmission to either the rear\nor all four wheels. [music playing] cadillac is phasing its way\nout of internal combustion with a bang. the new ct5-v\nblackwing supercharged v8 kicks out a ridiculous\n668 horsepower that's sent exclusively\nto the rear wheels through a six-speed,\nmanual transmission. there's an automatic\ntransmission available too, but that's not how we drive\nthe most powerful cadillac ever made. if 668 horsepower strikes\nyou is a little too much, then maybe ct4-v blackwing\nis more your speed. the smaller of the\ntwo blackwing caddys is powered by a twin-turbo v6,\ninstead of that raucous v8, and makes 472 horsepower. it's not as much as rivals\nlike the bmw m3 or alfa romeo quadrifoglio, but it's still\nmore than enough to get you out of bed in the morning. oh, and it comes with an\nold-school manual, too. we like that. on the opposite end of\nthe automotive spectrum from the blackwing brothers\nis the new cadillac lyriq. funky name aside, the lyriq is\nan important car for cadillac. it's the company's\nfirst electric vehicle and paves the way for\ncaddy's electric future. when it goes on sale, the\nlyriq will be available, at first, as a rear drive-only\nmachine with an all-wheel drive version coming later. cadillac is targeting\nmore than 300 miles of driving range\nwith a full battery and says the lyriq\nwill be able to charge at up to 190 kilowatts from\na compatible dc fast charger. like other high-end\ncaddys, the lyriq will offer features like super\ncruise and an akg audio system. but you won't have to pay an arm\nand a leg for all the niceties. the lyriq is going to start at\na reasonable $59,990, about as much as a fully-loaded\ntesla model y and thousands less than rivals like the\naudi e-tron and jaguar i-pace. ryan zummallen: so\nwhat is chevy up to when it comes to\nelectric vehicles? well, quite a lot, actually. for instance, they're\nbringing out the bolt euv. now that's similar to the\nregular bolt hatchback, but it's longer. so you're going to get extra\ninterior legroom and cargo space. it also uses the same\nbattery as the regular bolt, which gets an epa estimated\n247 miles of range on a full charge. there is one electric motor\nmounted to the front wheels, making 200 horsepower. so you're not going to take any\npink slips from tesla model y performance owners\nany time soon. but while the bolt euv may\nlack the outright power of some other\nelectric vehicles, it does offer gm's hands-free\ndriving technology, called super cruise, as an option. it also has an\naffordable starting price right around $34,000. now what about the\nregular bolt ev hatchback? 2022 is the first\nyear that chevrolet decided to give it a\nrefresh, with new exterior styling and some important\ninterior upgrades. for instance, there's now\na larger screen, new seats, and a new steering wheel design. but unlike the bolt\neuv, the regular bolt ev does not offer super cruise. and that's worth\nnoting if you're interested in\nhands-free driving. it also gets the\nsame battery pack as before, which is epa\nestimated at 259 miles of range on a full charge. and the refreshed\nbolt is actually less expensive than the\nprevious bolt that it replaces. now we've already tested\nthe 2022 chevy bolt, and you can check\nout edmunds.com to see where it\nfalls in our rankings among other electric vehicles. when you think chevrolet,\nthe first thing that should come\nto your mind right now is, of course, the\nmid-engine c8 corvette. and this is its newest version,\nthe high performance z06. it'll be out in the\nlatter half of next year. and what do we think about it? well, it's good looking. it's fast. and it's here to fulfill all\nof your ferrari fantasies with the most powerful,\nnaturally-aspirated production v8 ever. any questions? well, if you do\nhave questions, head on over to our video\nfrom the z06 official reveal, so you can\nsee it up close, learn some more details\nabout it, and, of course, hear that engine in action. [car engine] the refreshed chevy\nequinox was supposed to debut as a 2021\nmodel, but it got pushed to 2022 because\nof you know what. so what's new? well, there's sharper\nexterior styling. and there's this, the\nsporty-looking rs trim. now, unfortunately, the rs\ndoesn't get any extra power. all equinoxes are still powered\nby a turbocharged 1.5 liter, 4 cylinder engine,\nmaking 170 horsepower. that's not going to\nset your hair on fire. but the new looks and an\naffordable starting price around $27,000 make\nit worth a look. for 2022, the\nchevrolet silverado gets some major upgrades. most of all, there\nare improvements to the interior that we've\nbeen calling for since, well, the day this one debuted. but you can now get a 12.3-inch\ndigital instrument display and a huge 13.4-inch\ncenter touchscreen. chevrolet also says\nthey updated the seats and improved the\nmaterial quality inside. but that's not all. there's also this, the zr2. now just like the\ncolorado zr2, this is going to be the most\nhardcore off-road ready version of the silverado that there is. you get a 6.2 liter\nv8 engine standard, and it's making 420 horsepower. on top of that, there are\nelectronically-locking differentials, chunky 33\ninch tires, new springs, and new skid plates. so, in all, 2022 is a huge\nyear for the silverado, mostly because it may\nfinally give chevy a half-ton interior that can\nstack up against ford and ram. stay tuned, because\nwe can't wait to get our hands\non one of these. [music playing] mark takahashi: fisker inc\nis one of the newest ev automakers on the block. and the release date of their\ndebut vehicle, the ocean suv, is quickly approaching. due in the late 2022,\nthe fisker ocean is roughly the same size\nas today's honda cr-v, so it should have plenty\nof room for five people and their stuff. the interior is also\nquite the looker with modern styling, a\npivoting, 17-inch touch screen and digital instrument panel. that big touch screen\nalso features a row of buttons underneath to give\nyou some shortcuts to commonly used controls. in keeping with the green theme,\nthere are no animal products, and many materials come from\nrecycled and renewable sources. as for power and range,\nthe base sport model will come with a\nsingle electric motor mounted at the front axle. it produces 275 horsepower\nand delivers an estimated 250 miles of range. other models feature dual\nmotor, all-wheel drive setups with 540 to 550\nhorsepower on tap. fisker says the range\nfor these pricier models should start at 340 miles and\nextend past 350 miles depending on configuration. an available solar roof\ncould also add a few miles. the company also\nclaims 0 to 60 times from 6.9 seconds\nin the base version to 3.6 seconds in the\nmost powerful models. they are targeting\nmore than 300 miles of range on a full\nbattery and 300 horsepower for the all-wheel drive version. [music playing] the previous ford f-150\nventured into new territory with an aluminum body that\nweighed hundreds of pounds less than its predecessor. the newest f-150 isn't as\ntransformative but essentially improving on all\naspects that made the old model so appealing. turns out we just had to wait a\nyear for the big news to drop. that would be the\nf-150 lightning, a fully-electric version of\nthe best-selling pickup truck. under the hood\nis, well, nothing. because the lightning has a\nlarge front trunk, or frunk, like you'd find in many evs. the battery pack is located\nunder the floor and powers two electric motors, one in\nthe front, one in the rear. the standard range\nmodel is expected to deliver 230 miles of\nrange on a full charge and produce 426 horsepower\nand 775 pound feet of torque. that's more torque than any\nf-150 currently on sale. you can also opt for the\nextended range model, which targets 300 miles of range and\nbumps output to 563 horsepower. factor in unique upgrades like\nan independent rear suspension, 15 and 1/2 inch touch\nscreen, and the lightning looks like a significant step\nup from the gas-powered f-150. prices start at just under\n$41,000 for a work truck and around $54,000 for an xlt\nwith more creature comforts. at the other end of\nthe truck spectrum, ford is also introducing\na brand new pickup for those with limited parking\nspace and more modest budgets. the ford maverick is a compact\ntruck with unibody structure rather than the body-on-frame\nconstruction more commonly used on larger pickups. that means its ride\nis much less harsh and jittery than its bigger\nbrother, the ranger, which is a body-on-frame pickup. other maverick highlights\ninclude a choice between two intriguing\npowertrains, a hybrid 4 cylinder for front-wheel drive\nmodels or a turbocharged four if you want all-wheel drive. unfortunately, its very\nattractive base price of under $22,000 is somewhat\noffset by an interior loaded with hard plastics. [music playing] the genesis gv60 is the korean\nluxury brand's first swing at an electric vehicle. it looks pretty different\nfrom the gv70 or 80, representing a key shift for the\nbrand from internal combustion to battery power. the gv60 rides on a new,\ndedicated ev platform and will come as either\nrear- or all-wheel drive. genesis has released preliminary\nrange estimates for the gv60 and claims a maximum\ndriving range of 280 miles on a single charge. more powerful models\nwill have a range figure closer to 229 miles though. keep in mind that these numbers\nare for the korean market gv60, and some of these specs could\nchange when the car goes on sale in the us next year. the gv70 is a more conventional\ncompact suv offering from genesis. and it relies on two gas-powered\nengines for motivation. the base model gets a gutsy\n2.5 liter turbocharged, 4 cylinder engine\nwith 300 horsepower and 311 pound feet of torque. step up to the 3.5\nliter twin turbo v6 and you get 375 horses\nand 391 pound feet. both engines send their\npower through an eight speed, automatic transmission to\na standard all-wheel drive system. the interior also features\nniceties like a standard 14 and 1/2 inch\ninfotainment display, a number of standard driver\naids like blind spot monitoring and standard wireless\ncharging for your smartphone. the gv70 starts at $42,045. but if you aren't careful\nwith the options list or just want goodies like\nthe more powerful engine and massaging seats, prices\ncan jump well north of $60,000. that's right on par with\nrivals like the bmw x3 and mercedes-benz glc. but the genesis offers that\nx factor of being an all new offering that might turn more\nheads than to run-of-the-mill beamer. [music playing] the gmc hummer ev is\na full size pickup that, as its name suggests,\nis driven solely by batteries. deliveries of the aptly\nnamed first edition models are beginning now. this fully-loaded model\ncosts just under $115,000 and comes with three\nmotors that produce over 1,000 horsepower combined. gm says that immense\namount of power can scoot this mammoth pickup\nfrom 0 to 60 in 3 seconds. it also features a\nrapid charging system, gm's hands-free\nsuper cruise system, and a crab walk mode that\nallows for diagonal movement at crawling speeds. it took a few years for\ngmc to fix the mistakes, but the heavily-refreshed\nsierra 1500 is finally competitive against its rivals. cabin upgrades include a\nredesigned center stack punctuated by a console\nshifter and a 13.4-inch center touchscreen. the standard v6 engine has\nbeen dropped and replaced by an upgraded version of the\nturbocharged 4 cylinder, which now develops 420\npound feet of torque. there are also two\nnew trim levels, the at4x is essentially the gmc\nversion of the chevy silverado 1500 zr2, so expect even\nmore off road upgrades than the at4 plus\nadditional luxury features. last year's denali\nultimate package is now its own\nseparate trim level and upgrades the sierra\nwith unique extras like laser-etched, open\npore wood and leather trim throughout the cabin. standard on the denali ultimate\nand optional for the denali is gm's super cruise\nhands-free driving system. [music playing] the honda civic got\na major overhaul for the 2021 model year. and for 2022, the big news is\nthe addition of the civic si. once the most powerful\ncivic you could buy, the si, is now sort\nof a middle ground between the civic\nsport and civic type r, which is\ncoming next year. the new car will only\nbe available as a sedan, and it's 1.5 liter turbocharged\n4 cylinder makes a dead even 200 horsepower. weirdly, that's five fewer\nhorses than the previous si. but the new car combats\nthe slight power loss with a lighter flywheel and\nwider power band than before. that little engine\nis connected to a six-speed manual\ntransmission that sends power through a helical\nlimited slip differential to the front wheels. the si also has a\nnew individual mode that allows you to\ntune the steering weight and responsiveness of\nthe engine to your liking. the suspension is stiffer. the seats are scooped out. the wheels are 18 inches. and there's an option\nfor stickier summer tires if you're so inclined. [music playing] ryan zummallen: at least for\nnow, the honda civic type r is no longer with us. so buyers who are looking for a\nsmall car with high horsepower really only have the volkswagen\ngolf r or the john cooper works mini to choose from. but that changes now with the\nperformance-oriented hyundai elantra n and this,\nthe hyundai kona n. both are powered by a\nturbocharged, 4 cylinder engine. and they offer a cool\noverboost feature, which provides extra\nhorsepower when you need it. now specifically for\nelantra n owners, if you'd like to\nroll your own gears, you can get a six speed\nmanual transmission. but no matter which model\nyou pick, both of them get an upgraded suspension,\nlarger brakes, and summer tires for extra grip. want my advice? get the blue. one of the most highly\nanticipated debuts for 2022 is the hyundai ioniq 5. now this is the first\npurpose-built electric vehicle for hyundai, meaning you get\na few ev specific benefits, like good cargo space, thanks\nto the hatchback layout, and a small front\ntrunk space that should be good enough\nfor like laptop bags. the ioniq 5 is about the\nsame size as a honda cr-v, but its wheelbase is\nactually a foot longer. and that should\nmean that you can find generous legroom inside. we also like its cool\nblade runner styling and fast-charging capability. hyundai is targeting\nabout 300 miles of range on a full charge for the\nsingle motor, rear-wheel drive version. now there will also\nbe an all-wheel drive version with two motors. that gets more power\nbut a little less range. regardless, this\nfeels like a big swing out of the gate for hyundai\nand a significant entry into the electric\nvehicle market. ford isn't the only\nautomaker trying to bring the compact truck back. there's also this, the\nhyundai santa cruz. now in some ways, it takes a\nsimilar tack to the maverick. it's got a unibody\ndesign and turbocharged, 4 cylinder engine. i still kind of can't\nbelieve this thing is real. it looks more like a concept\ncar with its evocative front end and a stubby rear end. but inside, you'll find\npretty traditional styling similar to other\nhyundai's, like the tucson. on the road, we like its smooth\nride and quick acceleration. now it's starting\njust over $25,000. it's a bit more pricey\nthan the maverick. but check out our\nhead-to-head comparison video to see how we think\nthose two stack up. hyundai's compact\ncrossover, the tucson, gets fully redesigned\nfor the 2022 model year. now this model is\nlonger than the one that came before it,\nwhich means you're going to get extra space\nfor passenger legroom and in the cargo area. inside and out, the\nstyling on the tucson is pretty bold for a small suv. plus, you can get\ndesirable features like wireless smartphone\nintegration and ventilated front seats, making the tucson\nboth stylish and functional. you've got a couple\nof powertrain options to choose from, starting with\na standard 4 cylinder engine. however, we found in\nour edmunds testing that that thing is pretty slow. then there's this,\nthe tucson hybrid. it's got more power, and it's\nrated to an epa estimated 38 mpg combined. now we've found that the\nhybrid version just isn't elevated experience overall. and as a result, it's\nscored significantly higher in our edmunds\nsmall suv rankings. finally, there's a\ntucson plug-in hybrid that's got even more power, plus\n33 miles of all electric range. [music playing] mark takahashi:\nalso new for 2022 is a fully redesigned\ninfinity qx60. i got to drive it, and you can\nget a link to the full review in the description below. pew. ryan zummallen: for 2022,\nthe jeep grand cherokee gets a total overhaul. there's the regular\ngrand cherokee. and there's this,\nthe grand cherokee l. that rides on an extra\n5 inches of wheelbase and it gets three rows of seats. both models will offer\na standard 3.6 liter v6 engine or an optional\n5.7 liter hemi v8. if you're looking\nfor something cleaner or just want to\nextend your range, the regular grand cherokee\nnow offers jeep's 4xe plug-in hybrid system, with up\nto 25 miles of electric range. but back to the l. pricing\nfor the grand cherokee l starts around $39,000. as for the regular\ngrand cherokee, we don't pricing\njust yet, so stay tuned to edmunds.com when that\ninformation becomes available. for 2022, the jeep\nwagoneer is back, along with its grand\nwagoneer brother. now keep in mind, the\ngrand means more premium. it doesn't mean bigger. and together, the two\nwagoneers will do battle with the lincoln navigator\nand the cadillac escalade. and the wagoneer brothers\nare coming into the ring with a pair of v8 engines. for the wagoneer, that means\nit gets a 5.7 liter hemi v8. and the grand\nwagoneer grants access to a 6.2 liter doozy of a v8. but behind those v8 engines\nis the most luxurious interior we've seen from jeep to date. i mean, just look at this thing. in the grand wagoneer, you\ncan get up to five digital displays, including a\ndigital instrument cluster, a large center touchscreen\nand-- check this out-- even a screen just\nfor the passenger. now, predictably,\nyou're going to have to pay for a jeep of this\nsize and this stature. the wagoneer starts\nright around $70,000. and a grand wagoneer, like this,\nstarts right around $90,000. now on the grand wagoneer, jeep\ndoes throw in four wheel drive to save you a little money. i mean, it makes sense. it is a jeep. [music playing] mark takahashi: the kia\nsedona minivan is no more. in its place is this,\nthe all-new kia carnival, which is far more distinctive\nthan its predecessor. look no further than the angular\nland rover style headlights and cascading waterfall grille\nto realize that this new people mover means business. inside is a cabin trim\nwith high-quality materials along with exotic features like\nventilated second row seats. the carnival is a\nmajor improvement over its old sedona. and its value proposition\nis still quite attractive. however, its v6 is thirstier\nthan the toyota sienna's 4 cylinder hybrid or the\nchrysler pacific hybrid. the ev6 is essentially kia's\ntake on the hyundai ioniq 5. like the hyundai, this\nkia is a compact vehicle whose profile suggests a small\ncrossover or tall hatchback. however, the ev6 6's sleek,\nhigh-tech design stands in stark contrast\nto the ioniq 5's 8-bit styling cues and\nminimalist interior. while both vehicles share\na set of powertrains, the kia has two\nadditional options to give ev6 shoppers a wider\nselection to choose from. at the bottom end is\na rear-drive model with a smaller battery pack\nand a modest 167 horsepower. the range-topping ev6\ngt, this one here, it features a larger battery\npack, all-wheel drive, and 576 horsepower. kia says the ev6 gt will\nsprint from 0 to 60 in under 3 and 1/2 seconds. the redesigned sorento\nlaunched last year with a turbocharged, 4\ncylinder and a hybrid, like that one right there. new for 2022 is a sorento\nplug-in hybrid that promises 32 miles of range. the sorento plug-in starting\nprice of over $46,000 might dissuade some buyers. but remember that\nyou may qualify for federal and state tax\nincentives that bring costs down. it's been a while since the kia\nsportage was truly competitive with other compact suvs. a sportage wasn't a\nbad car by itself, but it was smaller and\nnot nearly as refined as its rivals. the 2023 sportage,\ndue next spring, looks to completely\nappend our expectations. it's significantly larger\nthan the current model, now growing to rival\nthe spacious honda cr-v in terms of overall length\nand passenger and cargo room. at launch, the sportage will be\npowered by a 2 and 1/2 liter, 4 cylinder engine. kia says electrified versions\nare coming in the near future but won't elaborate. we think you can look to the\nsportage's mechanical twin, the hyundai tucson,\nfor guesses on where kia will expand the lineup. [music playing] the crown jewel in\nthe land rover lineup is the range rover. problem is it hasn't been\nfully redesigned since 2013. and even though land rover\nhas updated the range rover over the years,\nother large luxury suvs have seriously raised the bar. for the range rover's nearly\n$100,000 starting price, you should expect a lot more. it seems like land rover agrees. they're wasting\nno time delivering a brand-spanking-new new\nrange rover for 2022. the model year designation\nis a little confusing, as the old and new range rovers\nwill both be 2022 vehicles. make sure you do your\nresearch before plunking down money for a 2022 range rover. you'll be glad you did,\nas the redesigned model rides on a brand\nnew platform that promises improved comfort\nand better noise control. also on deck are a vastly\nsuperior infotainment system, newly available\nthird row of seating, and a road-reading,\nadaptive suspension. long-term plans include\na plug-in hybrid joining the lineup\nin 2023, followed by a fully-electric\nmodel for 2024. the future looks bright for\nland rover's biggest suv. [music playing] speaker 2: trigger warning-- if you've ever been\nbitten by a black widow, screamed at the sight\nof the predator, or frequently have\nflashbacks of middle school back when they\nused the force you to find the area\nof two trapezoids, avert your eyes now. the somehow even bigger\nspindle grille of the lx 600 may be too much for you ok? but for everybody\nelse out there, the lx 600 is the newest version\nof lexus's biggest and baddest suv. this titanic body-on-frame\nsuv shares its underlying architecture with the toyota\ntundra pickup and the all-new but only-available-overseas\ntoyota land cruiser. that means that it has\na sizeable interior and mechanical bits\nto transport you and six of your closest\nfriends in relative comfort across rocky terrain. now some of the\noff-road features include full-time four-wheel\ndrive, multiple traction settings. and it even has\ncrawl control, which is kind of like cruise\ncontrol but for going up and down steep grades. now if you're sticking\ncloser to the pavement, the lx 600 wows with options,\nlike the ultra luxury trim, which actually replaces\nthe middle bench seat with two adjustable\nand massaging seats with a full console\nin between them. now we're just hoping\nthat lexus has figured out its infotainment issues, because\nwe counted as many as six screens in this cabin. you know what? the grille doesn't\nreally bother me. but it looks even better\non the f sport trim. the lexus nx is a\nsharply-styled crossover. but other than that,\nwe really don't have any reason to commend it. it merely exists to fill\nwhat would otherwise be a compact-sized suv-sized\nhole in the automaker's lineup. but luckily, we were able to get\nbehind the wheel of the brand new, redesigned nx. and we're happy to report\nthat this one is much better than the outgoing one. the interior is far less busy. an actual human being could\nfit in the rear seats. and the cargo area is big enough\nfor those weekly costco runs. what are we kidding you guys? you know what everyone's talking\nabout-- the new infotainment interface, which is\nfinally a touch screen. so those days of\ntouching and having to do with that\nannoying touch pads are finally a thing of the past. the lexus nx comes\nin four flavors. but we recommend\nskipping past the nx 250, because its 4 cylinder will\ndefinitely garner some frowns. now the nx 350\nadds a turbo which is actually pretty powerful. the nx 358 reverts back to the\nnormal four cylinder engine, but then it adds a\nhybrid component. and finally, the nx 458\nplus is a plug-in hybrid with 36 miles of electric\nrange and 302 horsepower. this efficient\ncrossover is actually the fastest of the nx lineup. and according to lexus, this\nthing can go from 0 to 60 in 6 seconds flat. alistair weaver: we've\ndriven the new lucid air in pre-production form\na couple of times now. and we've come away\npretty impressed. like rivian, lucid is a\nstartup luxury ev brand from the us of a, taking\non the might of the germans and that other ev\nold timer, tesla. as a luxury sedan, the\nlucid air does battle with the tesla model s,\nporsche taycan, audi e-tron gt, the mercedes eqs. its outrageously powerful. the sold-out launch\nedition, called dream, has 1,111 horsepower. and the grand\ntouring model, which you can order for\naround $140,000, still has 800, or more\nthan twice as much as a porsche 911 carrera. lucid is also making bold\nclaims about the car's range. and we look forward to\nputting a production version through our full\nedmunds ev range test. handsome, luxurious, and\nblessed with lots of tech, the lucid is a welcome addition\nin a hotly contested part of the market. [music playing] mark takahashi: the cx-50 is\nmazda showing its wild side with more rugged looks than\nsuvs that came before it. it's a brand new\nvehicle from mazda and kicks off their\naggressive product push that will include the\nnew cx-70 and cx-90 suvs further down the line. the whole point of the\ncx-50 is to attract a set of buyers who\nwant an suv they can use every day that\ncomes with a smidgen of off-road ability. think subaru outback\nor kia sorento. it's more squared-off body\nis certainly more rugged. and there are a lot of\nplastic cladding on the side to help protect the bodywork\nfrom nasty, off-road pinstriping. power comes from\none of two engines. both are 2.5 liters,\nbut the base engine is naturally aspirated\nwhile the optional engine is turbocharged. mazda hasn't released\npower output figures yet, but we think they'll\nclosely mirror power figures from the cx-5. inside, the cx-50 isn't a\nhuge departure from the mazda we currently know. the seats and interior\ndimensions are different. but the biggest difference is\nthat the cx-50 now features dedicated, off-road modes. now we've yet to see\nor drive the cx-50, and pricing info is\nstill under wraps. we'll be sure to put\nit through its paces as soon as we get\nour hands on one. the mx-30 is a new ev for\nmazda that's big on style but short on range. with a range of just 100\nmiles on a single charge, the mx-30 is better\nsuited for use in cities. and it makes overnight charging\nat home an absolute must. since the mx-30 30 isn't\nnew from the ground up but rather a car based\non an older platform, the room for\nbatteries was limited. mazda had to make do\nwith what they had, and we assume their\nfuture ev efforts will have increased range. that said, the\nmx-30 is also built with the environment in mind. recycled materials line\nthe interior space and cork is used for some of the\ninterior trim instead of metal or plastic. it's worth noting, however,\nthat the mx-30 is only on sale in california. [music playing] alistair weaver: the world\nmight be obsessed with suvs these days, but the launch\nof a new mercedes c-class is still a big deal. inside and out,\nit takes its lead from the new s-class,\nwhich is no bad thing. the s-class is edmunds\ntop-rated luxury sedan for 2022. there's a plethora of new\ntech and almost everything is controlled by a curvaceous\ntouchscreen interface. no doubt there'll be plenty\nof options except, that is, in the engine bay. for now at least, all you can\nhave is a c 300 with a 2 liter turbo and a mild hybrid system. we're looking forward to\ndriving it in early 2022, so keep an eye on\nedmunds.com/news for the full review. we've always been big fans\nof the mercedes glb, which combines strong style with\nsurprising practicality in a compact shell. the eqb is essentially\nan electric glb, so the omens look good. there will be a couple\nof versions at launch, the 300 and the 350, with\ndifferent power outputs and battery options. one to watch out for\nin the months ahead. mercedes is a bit\nlate to the ev party, but they've arrived\nwith a full keg. the eqe sedan joins\nthe larger eqs, replicating the e-class,\ns-class lineup we know so well. it looks a lot like the eqs too\nbut will be a little smaller and a little more affordable. a rear-wheel drive eqe 350\nwill be available at launch, but expect all-wheel\ndrive versions with more power to\nfollow, including an amg. the eqs is already with us and\nwe've tested it extensively. as i speak, the 450 plus version\nsits atop the edmunds ev range test leaderboard,\nhaving traveled 422 miles on a single\ncharge, smashing its epa estimate of 350 miles. there's much to like about it. as you'd expect, it's quiet,\ncomposed, and luxurious. but-- and it's a chunky \"but\"--\nit's let down by a surprising lack of rear head\nand even legroom, certainly when compared with\nits sister car, the s-class. check out our detailed\nreview for more. mercedes has added two tiny\nrear seats to the new sl and asked its performance brand,\namg, to do all the legwork. what we've ended up with\nis a mercedes-amg sl that looks a fair\nbit like the amg gt. as you'd expect from an\namg, it's overtly sporty, with two gas engines developing\neither 469 or 577 horsepower, a lot or a real lot. we've already driven it. and while it's less\naggressive than the gt, it's not as [inaudible]\nas some of the more luxurious sls of old. that's surprising\ngiven the average age of the traditional sl customer. and it's doubly surprising given\nthat the mercedes has ditched the ultra luxury s-class cabrio,\nhoping the four-seater sl can play both roles. we'll see. mark takahashi: you\ndon't even think mitsubishi would\nargue with us if we said that the japanese\nmanufacturer has been lost in the weeds\nfor the last few years. the once innovative builder\nof the lancer evolution rally car and turbocharge\neclipse coupe has been relegated\nto also-ran status with the truly terrible cars\nlike the mirage and outlander sport. but its alliance with\nnissan is just now starting to bear fruit in the us. and the brand new outlander\nrepresents a major step in the right direction\nfor mitsubishi. based on the well-received\nnissan rogue, the outlander is a\nthree-row, compact suv that is significantly\nimproved over its predecessor. the seats are now comfortable. the driving experience\nquite pleasant. and the interior\ndesign and materials are much nicer than before. in short, being behind the wheel\nno longer makes you feel sad. mitsubishi, please do the same\nto the rest of your lineup immediately. if you're like us\nand aren't exactly enthralled with the\n181 horsepower engine, you might want to\nwait until next year when mitsubishi pulls the wraps\noff the new outlander p-hev. this plug-in hybrid\nwill have more power and offer about 30 miles of\nev range on a full charge. [music playing] speaker 2: nissan is\nadding to its ev fleet with the new nissan ariya. it will initially be launched\nwith a long-range battery pack. and you can get either\nfront- or all-wheel drive. now the base model\ngets 238 horsepower, and nissan says it delivers\nup to 300 miles of range. but listen to this-- the range-topping\nplatinum plus model features all-wheel drive, 389\nhorsepower, and an estimated range of 265 miles. when the ariya launches\nlate next year, prices will start\naround $47,000. and make sure to look for a\nstandard-range battery pack sometime after that. other cool ariya\nhighlights include a cool minimalist interior\ndesign, nissan's fantastic zero gravity seats, and it'll\nbe the first nissan to get the propilot\nassist 2.0 package, which gives you the option to use\nhands-off, single-lane driving. after being on the market\nfor over a decade and a half, nissan has finally,\nfinally, finally redesigned the frontier mid-size pickup. now i have to say \"finally\"\nthat many times, because that was a tired truck. the changes were first\npreviewed back in 2020 when nissan made\nthe interesting step of outfitting the outgoing\nfrontier with a new 3.8 liter v6 engine. now that engine is now\nin the new frontier along with the outgoing\nmodel's basic frame. other than that, everything else\nhas been completely overhauled from the rugged exterior design\nto a vastly improved interior. i mean, you guys, the\ntouchscreen interface is actually modern. and you can get it with\ncertain drivers aids like adaptive cruise control\nand a 360-degree camera. better yet, its starting\nprice of around $29,000 is only slightly more\nthan last year's model. it's still a little\nrough around the edges. and it's not our\nfavorite midsize pickup. but we do like it more\nthan the ford ranger. and we finally think\nthat it can compete with the gmc canyon, chevy\ncolorado, and toyota tacoma. so nissan's three-row pathfinder\nis also newly redesigned. and like the\nfrontier, we honestly wish that it had come sooner. now the previous car was on\nsale for eight long years before it took a short hiatus,\nreturning completely redone for 2022. like the frontier,\nthe pathfinder styling is more muscular\nthis time around. now we don't know what\nkind of black magic nissan has employed here,\nbut the cabin feels bigger. and the third row is\nactually able to seat adults comfortably. and the crazy\nthing about that is that the new one is the\nsame size as the old one. so honestly, i\ndon't know about it. but, hey, it works. the redesigned pathfinder also\nhas a new nine-speed automatic, which we actually\nprefer over the old cvt. and as expected, there\nall sorts of new luxury features as well,\nincluding a wireless charging pad, digital instrument\npanel, and a heads-up display. all right, friends,\nnow we're looking at the road-compact suv, which\ni got to say looks really good. and it was actually\nredesigned last year. but one critical change warrants\nits inclusion onto this list. you see, the 2021 rogue\nand the model it replaced were both powered\nby a 2.5 liter, 4 cylinder matched to a cvt. needless to say,\nit wasn't great. despite the engine\nspecs on paper, the cvt was slow to respond. so the 2021 model was\nimproved, but it still had a sluggish acceleration. so nissan heard\nour pleas, and they are replacing the old one with a\nnew turbocharged 1.5 liter unit with 201 horsepower and\n225 pound feet of torque. now it is still\npaired with the cvt, but it definitely feels peppier. all right. so nissan drops the numbers\nfor the newest incarnation of its two-seat sports car, now\nsimply called the z. i mean, that's what everyone\ncalled it anyways. this time around,\nthe z is powered by a twin turbocharged\n3.0 liter, v6 engine with 400 horsepower\nand 350 pound feet of torque. nissan hasn't quoted\nacceleration times just yet, but we have managed to\nget 0 to 60 sprints right around the five second mark\nand a couple of infinities with the same powertrain. so we expect the z to be lighter\nand faster than those cars. the interior is\ncompletely redesigned with standard\nfeatures, including apple carplay, android\nauto, adaptive cruise control, and keyless entry. so the tech is\nfinally up to date. i know you guys are going\nto be happy about that one. the twin turbo v6, along with\nthe available [inaudible] wheels and mechanical\nlimited slip, also shows that performance\nis also top of mind. [music playing] mark takahashi: porsche's\nvenerable sports car gets two new flavors this year. generally, porsche's gts\ntrim has always kind of been the sweet spot for buyers\nlooking for great performance but without the wallet-busting\ninsanity of a turbo model. the new 911 gts is no different. its starting price\nof just over $138,000 isn't outrageous\nby 911 standards. and you get a power bump over\nthe 911s, plus more powerful brakes, unique tuning for the\nadaptive suspension, and more. you can also spec the\nlightweight package, which shaves about 55 pounds\nby removing the rear seats and using lighter glass. if you really want to\ntrack the all-star though, check out this, the 911 gt3. its flat six is\nnaturally-aspirated and road [inaudible] at 9,000 rpm. it sounds incredible\nat full tilt. it comes with all sorts of\nunique tuning and aero upgrades to absolutely pound the pavement\nat your local racetrack. you can also spec the\nstreet-friendly touring package for a more subdued approach. the cayenne's core\nlineup hasn't changed, but there's a new\nturbo gt variant available for the so-called\ncayenne coupe, you know, the kind with a swoopy roofline. it boosts the output of the\n4 liter v8 to 631 horsepower, 90 more than the standard turbo. we've had a chance to drive\nit and this luxury hot rod is seriously quick and\nadept at tackling corners at high speeds. when this cayman\ngeneration debuted in 2017, we were underwhelmed by\nits quick but soulless turbocharged, 4 cylinder. porsche started its apology tour\nwith a 6 cylinder gt4 in 2020, then with last year's gts 4.0. this new gt4rs stands at\nthe top of the lineup, bumping the flat 6's\noutput to 493 horsepower, then adding\ntrack-ready components like a swan-neck rear\nwing, lightweight bucket seats, and rs-specific\nsuspension components, sticky tires, and a\nwhole load of aero tweaks that make it the fastest and\nmost track-capable cayman ever. enthusiasts might be bummed\nto learn that it doesn't come with a manual gearbox. but porsche's pdk\nis lightning quick and isn't likely to disappoint. the gt4 sits at the pinnacle of\nporsche's mid-engine offerings. and you're going to have to\nshell out at least $143,000 for the privilege. porsche's taycan\nelectric sedan also gets a few tweaks this year. the infotainment system finally\nadds android auto connectivity. and there's a new\nremote park assist option, which lets the\nowner park the taycan from outside the vehicle. like the 911, the taycan\nalso gets this new gts model, which slots between\nthe turbo and the s in terms of price\nand performance. the porsche macan is one\nof our favorite small suvs, and a number of changes should\nmake the '22 model even better. the base turbocharged,\n4 cylinder gains an extra 13 horsepower\nand 22 pound feet of torque. while the v6s is in all other\ntrims move down one tier. that means the engine\nin last year's gts now comes standard on\nthe mid-tier s model, while the uprated v6 from the\nturbo moved down to the gts. now that the turbo's\nv6 is now in the gts, the turbo doesn't have\nan engine of its own. so it's gone from the lineup. aside from the engine swaps,\nthe macan's exterior styling has been reworked, and many\nof the cabin's hard buttons have been swapped\nfor flat panels with capacitive-touch buttons. [music playing] alistair weaver: the\nrivian r1t became the first fully-electric\ntruck to hit the us market. and it immediately impressed us,\nclaiming the edmunds top-rated editors' choice award\nfor 2022, marking a vehicle that exceeded\nexpectations and delivered something genuinely new. this is a truck a\nlittle bit bigger than a midsize that\ncan out-accelerate most sports cars, handles\nsuperbly, will go off road, and has great practicality\nand versatility. but i'm going to stop\nwittering on now. check out my full review\nvideo for all the details. and having driven the\ntruck, we're certainly excited to try the\nnew suv version, the cunningly titled r1s. it's basically the truck\nwith the rear-end lopped off and an suv back, similar\ninterior, same power, similar price starting\nat around $70,000. looking forward to that one. [music playing] speaker 2: all right you guys. so listen. we honestly didn't\nknow if we would get a second-generation brz. as you might expect,\naffordable sports coupes don't really have the same\nkind of profit margin or sales numbers as your everyday suv. so we were surprised\nto see a brand new brz surface for this year with\nall the little things we loved about the old version\nmiraculously still there. now the engine increase\nis from 2.0 to 2.4 liters. and since the brz weighs roughly\nthe same as the previous model, the extra power is\nimmediately noticeable. at the edmunds test\ntrack, a 2022 brz was able to go from 0 to\n60 in roughly 6.1 seconds, a whole second faster\nthan the old model. now the brz's exterior is also\na little sleeker than before, while the cabin is\nonly slightly updated to look a bit more modern. now this is still a bargain\nprice, back-to-basics sports car, which is why it's our\nedmunds top-rated sports car for 2022. look at how cool this\nthing looks right here. subaru's ultra-popular\nforester suv gets a brand new\nwilderness trim this year. this off-road\nthemed model begins by slightly increasing\nthe forester's ride height to 9.2 inches, then\nadds all-terrain tires and a front skid plate. you also get an\nupgraded roof rail system that can support up to\n800 pounds of static weight. and that's perfect for all of\nyour rooftop campers out there. now we got to drive the\nwilderness earlier this year in oregon. and while it doesn't transform\nthe forester into a rock crawler, even though it is\non rocks-- these are fake-- it does offer extra\nprotection when you're trying to venture\noff the beaten path or driving through the snow. so now we're looking at\nthe outback wilderness. most of the stuff\nthat we actually said about the forester's\nwilderness trim also applies to this larger\noutback as well. powered by the outback's\noptional turbocharged engine, upgrades for the\noutback wilderness include all-terrain tires,\na skid plate, a lifted ride height to 9.5 inches, and a roof\nrack capable of supporting up to 700 pounds of static weight. subaru is also entering the\nev game with the solterra. the solterra is a\nfour-door, compact suv with a battery pack\nunder the floor, sending power to two electric\nmotors, one at the front wheels and one at the rear. subaru says the solterra has a\ntotal output of 215 horsepower and about 250 pounds feet\nof torque, giving you an estimated 220 miles of\nrange on a full charge. so that puts it in\nthe neighborhood of the base version of the ford\nmustang mach-e the volkswagen id.4. but, of course, you know\nthere's a subaru twist to it. all-wheel drives come standard\nas the subaru's very effective slippery terrain traction\nsystem, called x-mode. plus, the solterra has 8.3\ninches of ground clearance. check out our reveal\nvideo for the full scoop. the solterra could\nbe a strong pick for drivers who regularly\ndeal with snow and ice when it comes out and mid-2022. the subaru wrx sport\nsedan has its fans. but with outdated tech,\nso-so acceleration, and an interior that's\njust ugh, you pretty much have to be a subaru\nfanboy to get one. quite frankly, there are much\nbetter small-performance cars for the money. so subaru is hitting\nthe reset button with the fully redesigned wrx. the turbocharged, 4 cylinder\ngrows from 2 to 2.4 liters. but the engine power is\nonly up 3 horsepower to 271. thankfully, you can still\nget a six-speed manual and the cvt automatic is\nsaid to be re-tuned for more responsive performance. new adaptive suspension dampers\nshould introduce a higher level of comfort for drivers\nthat aren't constantly living in time-attack mode. [music playing] ryan zummallen: for as early as\nthey were to the hybrid game-- remember, the original\nprius came out in 2001-- toyota has been\nfrustratingly slow to adopt fully-electric vehicles. up to this point, they\nhaven't had a long-range ev at all, while ford, chevy,\nhyundai, and, of course, tesla were off to the races. thankfully, if you've been\nwaiting for a toyota ev, you won't have to\nwait much longer. this is the toyota bz4x, and\nit was developed in conjunction with the subaru solterra. since we've already\nshown you that car, you pretty much know\nwhat to expect here. the styling cues\nare pretty similar. and underneath, it's\nbasically the same car. but when the bz4x comes\nout later next summer, it will have a unique\nsingle-motor, front-wheel drive option. toyota says that will boost\nits range up to 250 miles on a full charge. sales of the toyota\ncorolla are dropping fast. so what can toyota do\nto flip its fortunes? take the iconic corolla name and\nput it on a compact crossover. and here it is, the 2022\ntoyota corolla cross. this is slightly smaller than\nthe more adventure-y rav4, with softer styling\nand the interior design and running gear from a corolla. think corolla sedan just bigger. this is a safe\nchoice for toyota. and we think it's probably a\nsafe choice for toyota buyers, too. sure, it's likely pretty slow,\nbut at first glance, check out that cargo area. seems to make it pretty\ncompetitive with the jeep compass, subaru crosstrek,\nand volkswagen taos. much of what we've already\ntold you about the subaru brz also applies to this,\nthe toyota gr86. subaru and toyota teamed up to\nproduce two distinct versions of the same underlying car. why pick the toyota? well, there's different\nstyling and slightly different trim levels. and to be honest, styling\nfeels like the reason to pick the 86 if\nthat's what you like. we found that the brz does have\nsome upgraded equipment that makes it a better performer\nin our edmunds testing. but this 86 sure is a looker. you may have noticed\na theme this year where automakers are taking\nsome of their older models that had, frankly, long\npast their expiration dates and finally giving them\nthe updates they need. on an unrelated note--\nhey, it's a new tundra. for 2022, the tundra\ngets a twin turbocharged, v6 engine, rear coil springs\nfor a more palatable ride, and, well, this chin. but what we're really\nlooking forward to is the available\nhybrid powertrain, which develops 437 horsepower. to top it all off, the tundra\nis still a capable workhorse. some versions can get a max-tow\nrating of up to 12,000 pounds. we've already gotten a\nnew tundra in for testing and put it up against\na ford f-150 reference. so check out that video\nto get a closer look. [music playing] mark takahashi: the new\nmark 8 golf gti serves as the entry point to the\ngolf range for us customers. vw has pulled the regular\ngolf from its lineup, because the rise of\ncompact suvs means people are trading their\nhatchbacks in for crossovers. that said, the new golf\ngti is more capable and tech-laden than ever before. its 2-liter, turbocharged\n4 cylinder pumps out 241 horsepower, making it\nthe most powerful gti americans have ever been able to buy. it still comes with the option\nfor either a six-speed manual or a seven-speed, dual-clutch\nautomatic transmission. like every gti before,\npower is sent exclusively to the front wheels. but the mark 8 has a few tricks. the first is volkswagen's\nclever, front limited slip differential. first seen in the\nmark 7, the diff is now controlled by a\nnew central brain that monitors everything\nabout the car in order to generate\nthe most grip possible. the result is a car\nthat's shockingly capable despite its\nhatchback appearance. the interior of the\nmark 8 is new, too. but we're not the biggest\nfans of how every button has been replaced with a touch\npanel or clunky capacitive-touch buttons on the steering wheel. despite the interior\nquirks, there's no arguing with the\nperformance on offer. and its starting\nprice of $30,540 means it's still\nrelatively affordable, too. if the most powerful\ngti we've ever been able to lay our hands\non does quite do it for you, then there's always the\ngolf r. its engine has been boosted to 315 horsepower. and whether you pick the\nstick or the automatic, power sent to all four wheels. in the old days, the golf\nr was more of a gti plus. but with the mark 8,\nthe r has been sent into an entirely new league. the all-wheel\ndrive system is new and can send torque\nto the wheel that needs it most, which means\nmore grip than ever before. it's also been endowed\nwith stronger brakes, stickier tires, and standard\nadaptive suspension. that means it can go\nfrom supple cruiser to a tied-down sports car\nwith a touch of a button. it comes in just one trim\nthat brings everything as standard, too, which means\nless fussing with the options list. since it shares its\ninterior with the gti, the touch control quirks remain. but goodies like a head-up\ndisplay, adaptive cruise control, and interior ambient\nlighting are all standard. the price for the most powerful\ngolf ever made-- $44,640. that might be a pretty penny. but for the first\ntime in a long time, the r might be the golf to go. for far too long, volkswagen\ndidn't have an offering in the compact suv segment. but they fixed that with the\nintroduction of the taos. the crossover competes\nwith other compacts like the subaru crosstrek and\nkia seltos vw's is offering is one of the biggest\nin the class, though, and offers great head and leg\nroom for second row passengers, while also offering enough\nroom in the back for all their stuff. it's 158 horsepower\ncomes from a 1.5 liter, turbocharged 4 cylinder engine. and the taos can be\nhad with either front or all-wheel drive. it's $24,190 starting\nprice might be a little high for the segment. but it offers neat features like\na digital instrument cluster and an optional\npanoramic sunroof. alongside the all new taos\nis a volkswagen stalwart, the tiguan. the current model has\nbeen with us since 2018, and vw is finally\ngiving it a facelift. power output from the\n2 liter, turbocharged 4 cylinder are the same. 184 horsepower and 221\npound feet of torque. but the exterior\ngets freshened up with standard led lighting\nand some new styling that gives it a bit more presence. the interior gets\na minor redo, too, with a new steering wheel,\ndigital gauge cluster, and redesigned climate controls. [music playing] volvo has a new ev out, only\nit's not really all that new. the c40 recharge\nis an xc40 recharge with a different roofline. otherwise, the two cars\nare pretty much the same. that means you're still\ngetting two electric motors. and the interiors--\nyou guessed it-- they're pretty much identical. google's android os is in\ncharge of infotainment duties and volvo's digital\ngauge cluster is standard on all c40s. volvo is quite\nliterally on the charge these days as it turns\nits focus towards evs. in keeping with\nthat theme, there's also now mild hybrid\nengines volvo is calling b6. they make a bit more\npower than before and should be more\nefficient, too. alistair weaver: and that's it. hope you found it useful,\nand a big gold star to anyone who actually\nmade it all the way from a to z. even the producer\nis laughing at that one. over the course\nof 2022, we'll be testing all of these\nvehicles on road and track to find out whether they really\ndo live up to all the hype. to keep up to date\nwith all of that, subscribe to our\nyoutube channel. and why not peruse\nour new editorial hub at edmunds.com/news. if you're feeling benevolent,\nyou might even bookmark it. and if you're looking\nto sell your car, head to edmunds.com/sellmycar,\nand we'll make you a cash offer. right, that's it from all of us. stay safe. and thanks as\nalways for watching. [music playing]  emme hall: when it\ncomes to new cars, you are probably sick of\nhearing about shortages. we have chip shortages,\ntire shortages, raw material shortages-- trust me we\nare all tired of shortages. but we are fixing that today\nbecause, let me tell you, there is absolutely no\nshortage of new models coming in 2023 and '24 and we are\nhere to tell you about them. alistair weaver: we've got\nall the best cars, trucks, and suvs that are all\nnew, substantially updated, or otherwise\nnoteworthy, or cool, emme. we've got gas ones, we've\ngot electric ones, ones you've been waiting\nfor, and ones you've probably never heard of. so kick off your shoes, grab\na glass, or perhaps a bottle, or perhaps a keg, this\nis going to take a while. let's go america. we're diving in. emme hall: do you\nwant to banter? alistair weaver:\nare we doing banter? emme hall: yeah,\nlet's do some banter. alistair weaver:\ncan you say banter? emme hall: banah. alistair weaver: banah-- it's\ngoing to be really fun, this. emme hall: banah. [music playing] big news y'all-- acura\nhas confirmed the return of the zdx. yeah, we'll let\nthat sink in a bit because it's either\ngoing to take you a beat to remember the zdx, or\nit's going to take a moment to ponder this new\nreality, precisely because you do remember\nthe original zdx. the sleek crossover seen here,\nacura's new precision concept suv, that isn't the zdx but\nit is a very strong indicator of what the ev will look\nlike when it arrives in 2024. that's right, i said, ev. this one's even\nbeing co-developed with general motors including\ngm's battery and platform. now, you probably already\nknow plenty about the integra. its acura's 40 new entry level\nsedan based on the honda civic. what you might not know is\nthat a type s high performance version debuts next year. alistair weaver: alfa romeo\nhas had a pretty quiet year in the states. but the new tonale-- that's, to-na-le-- is a big\ndeal for the italian brand. it's their new\nsmall crossover suv. and to our eyes, it looks great. it leads the charge in alfa's\njourney towards electrification and will only be available\nas a plug-in hybrid. it also debuts new\ninterior tech, and even-- get this-- comes\nwith its own nft-- that's nonfungible token. that's that bitcoin type thing. anyway, let's move on. audi-- [music playing] audi is planning\na deluge of evs, and most are suvs,\nbut not this one. a concept version of\nwhat will eventually be known as the a6 e-tron\nwas shown early last year and we'll finally see the\nreal deal later in 2023. expect a sleek looking,\nlow slung sedan, with about 300 miles of\nrange, quick charging times, and a starting price\nof around 80 grand. as for things you will\ndefinitely see in '23-- the audi q4 e-tron\nis one of them. we've got our first taste\nof audi's most affordable ev late last year. and well, it drives a lot like\na lot of other electric suvs on the market right now. the q4 e-tron is audi's\nversion of the volkswagen id.4. but even though it has\nthe same bones as the vw, it boasts more premium\nmaterials, sharper looks, and technology\nexclusive to audi. there's even a\nsportback variant if you want to look more dynamic\nbut carry less stuff. emme hall: now,\nyou probably aren't too familiar with the\nq8 e-tron, but you'll know one when you see it. and that's because audi has\nfacelifted the e-tron for 2023 and given it a new name. the q8 e-tron still looks\nthe same on the outside, and audi hasn't done\nmuch to the interior. that's because the focus of\nthis makeover was more range. last year's model could only\ngo 222 miles on a single charge and that just wasn't\ngoing to fly in 2023. the refreshed model\nshould perform much better in the epa's testing, and when\nwe give it our own real world range test. now, the r8 isn't new,\nbut this gt model is. it's a rear wheel\ndrive special edition with more power, some\nsweet looking aero mods, and, oh yeah, this\nis the last time that audi will ever\nput the v10 into an r8. only 333 will be\nmade before audi sends one of our\nfavorite supercars to the great\nracetrack in the sky. we expect its replacement\nto run on batteries, but it's not clear\nwhen it will show up. [music playing] alistair weaver:\nbentley's got its eye on an all electric\nmodel for 2025. but in the meantime, this\nsuper limited edition batur previews the way it'll look. weirdly, it previews\nit with a v12 engine and the current continental\ngts underpinnings. no biggie though,\nbentley is only making 18 of these 2\nmillion dollar coupes, and they're all spoken for. what's more opulent than a\nbentley bentayga-- a larger bentley bentayga. this extended wheelbase\nmodel adds over seven inches to the already large suv. that makes it more of a limo-- an idea reinforced by the\nrevised seats and power close rear doors. [music playing] emme hall: bmw's iconic 3\nseries gets a makeover for 2023. the changes amount to some new\nlooks outside with important added tech, including a big\ncurved dashboard display. there's also some not so\nimportant tech, like a new gear lever, and everything\nelse about the 3 series pretty much remains unchanged. but surprisingly, bmw\nhas not blighted its face with that oversized\ngrille this time. alistair weaver: the 7 series\nhas long been bmw's flagship. it's where the brand shows\noff its flashiest tech and the bavarian\nway of doing luxury. the 2023 7 series is\nthe most outlandish yet with crazy exterior styling\nthat you may or may not love. really don't like it myself. and an optional\n31 inch 8k screen in the back that will\nprobably have you wishing you weren't in the driver's seat. it's got 6 and 8\ncylinder engine options, and there's an ev version\ncalled the i7 that gets more than 300\nmiles of range, along with identically\ncontroversial styling that i still don't like. emme hall: if sports\ncars are more your thing, then you might be interested\nin the all new m2. while we're still a little\nunsure about the way it looks, we definitely approve\nof the m3's engine being used in a smaller,\nslightly lighter rear wheel drive only package. now, the m2 also gets the\noption for a 6 speed manual for all you purists out there. and how does it drive? well, we don't know yet, but if\nit's anything like the last m2, we're sure it's going\nto be a big hit. bmw hasn't forgotten about\nthe bigger m cars though. the m4 csl is a hardcore,\ntrack ready, version of the m4 that's so\nfocused on losing weight, it ditched the back seat. the m3 cs isn't out yet,\nbut it will probably follow the same cs formula\nthat we've seen before. that means a bit more\npower, a bit less weight, and small changes all\nthroughout the car to make it even more capable. oh, and also, it's going\nto cost a lot more money. alistair weaver: bmw's\nsmallest suv, the x1, is all new for 2023. it gets distinctive looks,\nsome fresh interior tech, and a cabin space that provides\na much more premium offering in a super competitive segment. it's also bigger than\nthe car it replaces, and makes more power too. all in all, the 2023\nx1 looks like it adds a good blend of grownup\nstyling and new functionality. if you thought the 7 series\nhad polarizing styling, just wait until you\nsee this new xm-- it's bmw's new v8 plug-in\nhybrid powered super suv. if that thought isn't enough to\nmake the bmw faithful cringe, hearing that it's the first\nmodel exclusively worked on by bmw's m division since\nthe original m1 sports car might be the final straw. it seats 5 and features\nall wheel drive. we'll see if it's\nbetter to drive than it looks later this year,\nbut that bar is pretty low. [music playing] emme hall: gm's buick is looking\nto go fully electric by 2030. its journey toward\nan all ev lineup will start by exhuming\nan old name that seems to fit these\nbattery powered times-- electra. this time though, the\nelectra will be an suv. the 5-seat crossover\nwill be built in china and should arrive in the\nunited states for 2024. it's expected to share\nthe ultium battery tech and super cruise drive assist\nfound in other gm models. and before electra\nshows up, we're expecting a mid-life update\nfor today's encore gx. yeah, this guy. plus a more substantial updo for\nthe larger envision this year, as well. also in the near\nterm, keep an eye peeled for envista, another\nnew buick suv debuting soon. this coupe-like\ncrossover won't be an ev. instead, it's expected to\nslot below today's encore gx with 4 cylinder turbo\npower and front wheel drive. will it be something\nto be excited about? well, we're not going\nto know until we see it. but we are excited that the\nbrand is doing something new. [music playing] and speaking of gm, if the\nescalade and its big v8 wasn't already raucous\nenough, now there's the escalade v. now, it's mostly\nthe same body-on-frame suv we've come to know and love,\nbut with a supercharged v8 from the previous corvette z06\nshoved under its massive hood. it's also one of the most\nexpensive cadillacs ever made. but it pales in comparison\nto what comes next. alistair weaver:\ncadillac celestiq. this imposing and luxurious\nthing is the cadillac celestiq. caddy sees the chance to\nmove to electric as a chance to reclaim its position\namongst the finest luxury car companies in the world. yes, it hasn't been that\nfor a long, long time. but the celestiq or\ncelestiq is a hand-built 300 plus $1,000 dollar\nstatement of intent. yes, i really did say that--\n$300,000 ladies and gentlemen. emme hall: damn, for a caddy. woof. alistair weaver:\nplus a bit more. emme hall: yeah. alistair weaver: every\nseller stick will be-- emme hall: celestiq. alistair weaver:\n--celestiq will be commissioned-- built\nto order with the help of a dedicated concierge. no two will be alike. this is caddy's\nanswer to rolls-royce. it's going to come\nstandard with a two motor electric drivetrain, good\nfor around 600 horsepower. that's enough to push this\nhuge sled to 60 miles an hour in under 4 seconds. estimated driving\nrange is 300 miles. before you send jeeves-- you\nknow, a chap to charge it-- i'm sure you have\na jeeves at home. emme hall: yeah, do you? alistair weaver: no. emme hall: you-- i thought\nyou were my jeeves. alistair weaver: i am jeeves. of course, this caddy\nshould ride and handle well with its air suspension\nand four wheel steering, but it's really all\nabout that cabin-- i'm talking a full\nwidth 55 inch screen. that's almost as big as my tv. a 38 speaker 3d audio system,\nhands assisted driving tech-- you name it, it's got it. cadillacs coming for\ny'all, it says here. emme hall: y'all? alistair weaver: caddie's\ncoming for y'all. emme hall: caddie's\ncoming for y'all. alistair weaver: five\nyears of living in the us. five years. emme hall: you are so-- wow. alistair weaver: caddie\nis coming for y'all. considering 300\ngrand is a little out of reach for most\nof us, the lyriq might be a more\ncompelling option. it's been around for\na little while now. but it signals a new\ndirection of cadillac, and it's a song we\ndon't mind singing. lyriqs get up to 312 miles\nof epa estimated range on a single charge. and cadillac says it's\nalready sold out for 2023. that means plenty\nof these evs will be hitting the roads near you. but if you want\none, you're already in for a year long wait. [music playing] emme hall: this is an incredibly\nbusy period for chevy, which enters the\nelectric age in earnest. check out the 2024 blazer ev,\nwhich looks great and is also super interesting. available in front, rear, or,\nall wheel drive-- yep, that's right-- the blazer ev will\nbe good for over 300 miles of range. we're expecting anywhere\nfrom between 300 horsepower and nearly double that from\na high performance ss model. chevy says that the latter\nwill hit 60 in under 4 seconds, and it will be offered with\ngm's excellent super cruise semi-automated\ndriving system, making this an unexpected, but\nformidable foe for tesla's model y performance. new midsize trucks don't\ncome around very often, and that's why this\nredesigned 2023 chevy colorado is a big deal. edmunds own ryan zummallen\ngot an up close look at two of the more badass versions--\nthe trail boss and the desert boss. ryan zummallen:\nthis is a big deal. it's a fully redesigned\n2023 chevrolet colorado, and there's a lot of\nnew stuff to talk about. obviously, you've got tough\nlooks, and under the hood, there's a turbocharged 4\ncylinder engine on every model. and it's got three different\npower levels for you to choose from, but it's\nnot just about muscle. inside there's a refreshed\ninterior with a classy vibe, and 11 inch touchscreen\nis standard. oh, on top of that, apple\ncarplay and android auto are both wireless. now, we haven't gotten to\ndrive the new colorado yet, but it sure seems primed to go\nup against the toyota tacoma and honda ridgeline for our\ntop ranked midsize pickup. this one happens to be the\nnew colorado trail boss. and over there, that's the\nlimited edition zr2 desert boss-- with more\nground clearance, multimatic suspension,\nand a whole lot of armor, as you can see. so that's two brand new off-road\nvariants for the new colorado. once we get to drive it we have\na lot of adventures in mind. alistair weaver: for\n2023, the c8 corvette is opening up a big\nold can of whoop-ass. i didn't write that line--\nbig ole' can of whoop-ass-- and it's called the z06. with a smaller, higher revving\nv8, good for 670 horsepower, and a track focused suspension\nsystem and aerodynamics, this mid-engine sports car\nlooks, drives, and sounds, ready to humble ferraris\nand lamborghinis for a fraction of the price. the biggest challenge is getting\nyour hands on one at msrp. but the z06 won't be\nthe only development for the c8 this year. gm is teasing the\ne-ray, which electrifies the corvette for the first\ntime, and makes it all wheel drive for the first time too. [engine revving] [tires squealing] gm's performance flagship is\nclearly entering a new age. chevy's popular, if\nmiddling, equinox is getting a big jolt\nof electricity for 2024. once again, our ryan,\nhas the details. ryan zummallen: here's a new\nfamily sized electric suv. the chevrolet\nequinox ev that will be out in the fall of 2023. now, it's powered\nby nextgen batteries that are really similar to\nthose used in the gmc hummer ev. so this thing is\na pretty big deal. you can order it with a\nstandard range battery pack in front\nwheel drive, or you can get a larger,\nextended range pack with front wheel drive, or all\nwheel drive, like this one. we like that it's\ngot a snazzy interior with more space than the other\nchevrolet electric vehicles. and we like its available\n17 inch touchscreen, which is pretty cool. oh, and the snazzy\nexterior styling. so this is a neat\nlooking ev that we'll be keeping a very close eye on. emme hall: now with all the\nhubbub around the rivian r1t and ford's f-150\nlightning, gm is hoping to ride america's\ngrowing electric truck wave with battery\npowered versions of its own iconic pickups. eventually available\nin everything from a basic contractor\nspec chevy work truck model, to a high-end gmc\ndenali, these full size rigs are expected in late\n2023, or early 2024. you'll be able to get around\n400 miles of range and option up to crazy amounts of power-- i'm talking over 750 horses. in contrast to\nford's lightning, gm decided to make both\nthe silverado and sierra evs more distinct from their\ngas powered counterparts in both looks and features. whether truck buyers will\nlike the strategy is unclear. but features like the\nunique fold down mid-gate for big cargo is pretty cool. and we already love gm's super\ncruise drive assist tech. last year, chevy\nsilverado got the interior it always should have had\nalong with updated looks. for 2023, there's a\nnew zr2 off-road trim, and an even brawnier zr2 bison\nlimited edition developed with aev, a high-end\ntruck customizer. plus, silverado's\noptional duromax diesel has been retuned for\n10% more horsepower and a substantial\ntorque bump too. chevy's heavy duty silverado\nis getting a glow up for 2024, including cleaner styling\nand much improved cabins. there are also\nupdated powertrains, including a new 10 speed\ntransmission for the gas model. the duramax gets\neven more torque, and can tow up to 22,500 pounds,\nbut elsewhere, payload ratings actually fall on certain models. alistair weaver: don't look\nnow, but chevy's littlest suv looks-- good. larger, wider, and\nfar more premium looking, the second-gen, trax,\nlooks to make its predecessor a distant memory. price from the low 20s, and\npowered by a tiny 1.2 liter 3 cylinder engine, it\narrives in spring. and this time it's\nfront wheel drive only. chrysler continues to\nbe a pretty quiet brand. for 2023, the iconic,\nbut let's face it, ancient, 300 sedan is\ngetting its v8 back as a sort of 485 horsepower,\n21 gun salute send off, before it's off to the\ngreat crusher in the sky. i still kind of like it. it's got character. there's also a new road\ntripper variant of one of our favorite\nminivans, the pacifica. it's primarily a visual\nappearance package with orange trim and some road\ntrip friendly gear, like roof rack and tow package. [music playing] great scott. i think that's a\nmovie reference-- great scott. is delorean really coming\nback as an electric car? this is the alpha5-- a four seat gullwing ev-- only 88, wink, wink, see\nwhat they did there-- is slated to be made in 2024,\nbut more models are promised. delorean part two--\nsee what i did there-- is the brainchild\nof a texas based startup lead by a former\ntesla and karma executive. can't wait to drive this one. [music playing] emme hall: dodge knows\nit has to figure out how to bring its brash brand\nof performance into the ev age, and it's telegraphing\nwhere it's going to go with this fierce looking\nat charger daytona srt concept. it looks ready for\nproduction, and indeed, dodge is already talking about\nvarious power levels all the way up to a 670\nhorsepower e stage 2. we're expecting to see the\nproduction version in 2024. ok, so you're not\nready to commit to the all electric lifestyle\nyet, don't worry, we got you. dodge's big news for 2023\nis the return of the hornet. this time out, the name is\nstuck on the back of what else-- yep, a compact crossover. now, dodge says that the hornet\nwill start at under 30 grand and be the quickest\nsuv for the money. even the base gt gets a\npowerful 4 cylinder turbo, and if you're\nwilling to consider some level of\nelectrification, there's an upper level\nplug-in hybrid that gets all-wheel drive and over\n30 miles of electric range. oh, and this model\nshares lots of dna with the alfa romeo tonale,\nso it might even handle well. [music playing] alistair weaver: ferrari's\nlatest mid-engine supercar may look conventional,\nbut it's a rule breaker. it's the brand's first rear\nwheel drive plug-in hybrid, and it's the first powered\nby a v6 since the dino. it generates over\n800 horsepower and is available in both hardtop\nand roofless forms. despite starting\nat over 300 grand, the wait list is\npredictably long. this is the new purosangue. the name means,\npure blood, which seems kind of ironic given\nthat it's an suv ferrari. anyway, this is the\nlegendary italian sports car maker's first suv and it\nactually looks, well-- great. this 4-door crossover\ndoesn't look like it's much for\nthe rough stuff, but it should be quite an\nexperience on the road. it's powered by a screaming v12\nengine with over 700 horsepower and it should hit\n60 miles an hour from rest in just\nover 3 seconds. now, if you're wondering why\nferrari needs this model, you only have to look at\nlamborghini's hot selling urus to know that there's a\nmarket for megabucks suvs. this one is expected\nto cost about $400,000. let's face it, that's the\nprice of a nice house in most of the us. but hey, those houses\ndon't have operatic v12s. they don't have rear hinged\npower back doors, do they? no they don't. and anyway, you\ncan't race a house. [music playing] emme hall: remember the original\n500e-- that cute little city ev? it was so unprofitable\nthe company's ceo actually urged customers not to buy one. well, apparently\nthe balance sheet has changed, because\nit is coming back. fortunately, this all new model\nis just as adorable as before. and this little guy will\ngo on sale in early 2024. we don't have us specs just\nyet, but european models are rated between 150\nand 200 miles of range. a higher performance aubert\nmodel is in the works too, but it's not clear if it\nwill make it to our shores. [music playing] this smooth operator is the\nall-electric fisker ocean. yep, it's from\nanother new company. look, i get why you're\nskeptical about startups, but you should pay\nattention to this one because production\nhas already started. and it's being built by magna, a\nhuge trusted industry supplier. plus, i mean, it\nlooks real sharp. the ocean is loaded with\nsustainable materials-- there's an available\nrange extending solar roof and plans for\nvarious powertrains that go from mild to wild. deliveries are starting with the\nfully loaded ocean one, which costs right around $70,000. fisker claims 0 to 60 in about\n3 and 1/2 seconds, and up to 350 miles of range for that one. now fortunately,\nmuch cheaper oceans are promised, including\none under 40 grand. and if that's still\ntoo costly for you, stay tuned, because\nfisker is promising the pear, which stands for\npersonal electric automotive revolution. no, it's not the fruit. it's a 5 seat electric city\ncar with a base price of right around $30,000. fisker is promising\ndeliveries in 2024, which is nothing if not ambitious. speaking of ambitious,\nfisker is also teasing its ronin sports car. this long range\nelectric flagship is due to be shown in august\nand cost around $200,000 when it goes on\nsale in late 2024. [music playing] alistair weaver: ford's\nreborn bronco range has been a runaway hit. for 2022, the lineup expanded\nwith the steroidal high speed off-road, raptor, and the\nswamp ready, everglades. but so far, in\n2023, ford's taking it easy with a couple of\nheritage trim and type additions for both the big\nbronco and the smaller sport. they're loaded with retro colors\nand cues designed to evoke the original 1966 model. honestly, i love this thing. the bronco sport is also\ngetting a new black diamond off-road package, which\nincludes additional underbody shielding and all-terrain tires,\nalong with unique visual cues. finally, we continue to hear\npersistent rumors of a bronco sport hybrid waiting\nin the wings too. for 2023, ford is sharpening up\nthe bronco sport city slicker twin, the escape\ncompact crossover. it's got a more chiseled\nand aggressive appearance, even if you don't splurge\nfor the new st line. plus, there's\nadditional tech options, including a 360 degree camera\nand amazon alexa integration. the interior screen's grown too. emme hall: give the\npeople what they want. and that is what is happening\nto ford's popular f-150 raptor in 2023. yep, ford has finally put a\nv8 back in its high flying full size after\nyears of listening to truck buyers kvetch about\nthe way its twin turbo v6 engine sounds. the r's engine is\nthe supercharged v8 out of the shelby\ngt 500, and it makes a ridiculous amount of power-- 700 horses. enthusiasts, your\nproblem is solved. as for the rest of\nthe f-150 range, well, we're expecting a\nmid-cycle refresh in 2024 that includes updated\ninfotainment and visual tweaks. right now, though, ford's\nnot showing any of its cards, so you're looking at edmunds\ncurrent long term f-150 hybrid. ooh, it's so trucky. ford's heavy duty trucks\nare all new for 2023, and they look ready to do\nsome serious work with a range of gas and diesel v8 engines. ford is doubling down on cabin\nand safety tech, as well as business minded\nconnected hardware. there's also a version of ford's\namazing built-in pro power onboard generator,\nbut it's not as powerful as the one in the\nf-150 because, well, there's no hybrid super duty. alistair weaver: ford's mustang\nenters its seventh generation for the 2024 model year. and it definitely looks to be\nmore evolution than revolution. all the rumors about\nelectrification and possible all-wheel drive have\ngone by the wayside. in fact, the powertrains\nare largely carryover. that's fine by us as we really\nlove the outgoing pony car. we just wanted a few\nthings updated, especially on the cabin and tech side. the new car is available\nwith an ecoboost turbo four or the same\ncoyote 5 liter v8 with either a 10 speed\nautomatic, or, rejoice, a six speed manual. power figures haven't\nbeen released, but we expect slight\nincreases over last year. the biggest improvements are\nwith the cabin, including better quality materials, and\na massive infotainment update, including a digital\ngauge cluster, and a large 13 inch touchscreen. there's also a new dark\nhorse track variant that looks kind of neat. oh, and you can rev the car\nremotely from your key fob which is groovy. emme hall: for 2024, ford is\nreadying a nextgen ranger. and to quote lizzo,\n\"it's about damn time.\" the outgoing truck only\nwent on sale here in 2019, but it was old when it arrived. a version of the new rig is\nalready on sale elsewhere, but the mid-sizer is being\ntuned for american tastes and wallets. look for turbo four\npower to continue, but we're also expecting a\n3 liter ecoboosted ranger raptor-- a high performance\noff-roader coming to america for the first time. it could make right\naround 400 horsepower, and i am super excited about it. one just finished the\nbaja 1000 and then drove home with no problems,\nwhich is pretty darn cool. now we also expect\nford's tacoma rival to gain a completely new\ninterior with an available 12 inch touch screen. 2023 is shaping up to be\nthe year automakers finally discovered overlanding. ford is jumping on this\nself-sufficient bandwagon with its transit\nvan, which is already popular as a basis for rvs. the transit trail gets\nstandard all-wheel drive and a substantial lift,\nalong with a wider track, thanks to its beefy\nall-terrain tires. get ready for the\nvandemic, y'all. [music playing] alistair weaver: if you're\na regular edmunds viewer you'll know we love\nthe genesis gv60. it's the luxury\nbrand's first ev, and it recently beat\nthe tesla model y in one of our comparison tests. it's both quick,\nand quick to charge. plus, it's posh inside and\nloaded with interesting tech, including a facial recognition\nscanner and a funky crystal ball shifter. yes, it's kind of weird looking,\nbut in an endearing way. next to plug-in at genesis\ndealers is the gv70 electrified-- a battery powered version of\nthe brand's other compact suv. this one pairs more traditional\nlooks with electric torque. it arrives later this\nyear with us specs and prices forthcoming. [music playing] our man, ryan already told\nyou about the nextgen chevy colorado. look for the gmc canyon\nto be the same story with a little professional\ngrade frosting. the gmc hummer ev pickup\nis getting an suv companion for 2024, and it's every bit\nthe same steroidal, oversized, electric car tune\nthat you'd expect. it's available with\nup to-- wait for it-- 930 horsepower and 300\nmiles of estimated range. like the pickup,\nthe suv is expected to weigh over 9000 pounds\nand be hugely inefficient. but hey, it crab walks sideways. emme hall: the gmc sierra\ngot a big update this year. and the bulk of the updates\nfinally give this sierra the interior it needed. thicker, richer leather,\nand updated tech, like gm's super cruise,\ncombine to give this truck a jack-of-all-trades feel. it's like a luxury\ncar and a workhorse all wrapped up into one. gmc is getting its own\nversion of chevy silverado electric truck and it\nlaunches in early 2024 with its own bold look. gm is promising a huge 400 miles\nof range, ludicrous power-- over 750 horses-- and leading edge cabin tech. you can even spec onboard\npower station pro, which sounds an awful lot\nlike ford's pro power onboard generator. similar to chevy\nsilverado hd, gmc sierra gets updated styling and a\nvastly improved interior. in addition to similar hardware\nimprovements to the chevy, there's also a new highfalutin\ndenali ultimate trim with even more luxury car\ntrappings and a new at4x off-road trim arrives soon. [music playing] alistair weaver:\nhonda's accord used to be the heart of the brand. these days, that's\nprobably the cr-v, but the model is still\nhugely important. editor, brian wong, has the\ndetails about the new one. brian wong: this is the\nredesigned 2023 honda accord, and it kicks off the\nsedan's 11th generation. now, from the outside, it\nstill looks like an accord, but, around the back, some\nvery cool styling details that we like, with this\nsort of flat black bar that goes across the whole trunk. under the hood, big changes-- four of the accord six\ntrims now only come with a hybrid\npowertrain, which means there's only two\ngas versions left-- most of them now electrified. and inside, big updates,\nincluding a 12.3 inch multimedia touchscreen. now, this is actually\nthe largest touchscreen that honda has ever\nput in a vehicle, and it comes standard\non all those models with the hybrid powertrain. in addition to the screen,\none other big update-- it also includes,\nfor the first time, google built-in,\nwhich means that you get google maps, the google\nplay store, and the google assistant, all in the\nnative multimedia system. alistair weaver: a new civic\ntype r is always a big deal. and this version is the most\npowerful honda that's ever been sold here in the states. it keeps the bones\nof the previous car, but adds a nicer interior,\nmore restrained looks, and small improvements\nunderneath the skin, which make it even better\nto drive than the last one. honda's hugely popular\ncr-v enters 2023 with a new look and\na huge interior. unlike past years, there's\nno separate hybrid model. instead, upper trim\nlevels all come with a gas electric powertrain. it gets up to 40\nmiles per gallon, but we still don't love\nhow the hybrid performs. frankly, we prefer the\ngas only turbo four. cabin updates include a\nroomier backseat and an all new infotainment system. the latter's a big improvement,\nbut some rivals still have crisper graphics\nand larger displays. overall, the cr-v\nremains a sensible choice in the compact suv world. but in a recent comparison\ntest, it wasn't our top choice. kia sportage hybrid was,\nin case you're wondering. emme hall: honda's\nhr-v is all grown up for the 2023 model year. based on the latest\ncivic chassis, this new compact crossover has\na bigger, more powerful engine, and a more\nsophisticated suspension system for a better ride. available in both front\nand all-wheel drive, and price from about\n25 grand, the hr-v is noteworthy for its\nparticularly generous cargo space. on the tech side, it's also\navailable with a larger 9 inch touchscreen with wireless\ncarplay and android auto, along with more\nactive safety gear, including a more advanced\nadaptive cruise control system. it's an suv palooza at\ncamp honda this year. next up, brian wong is here\nto show us the next pilot. brian wong: this is the\nredesigned 2023 honda pilot. and honda has given its\nthree-row mid-size suv extensive updates starting\nwith a brand new exterior look that's more rugged,\nand a new trailsport trim that actually adds a\nbunch of off-road capability to the pilot. under the hood, a\nbrand new 3.5 liter v6 mated to a 10 speed\nautomatic transmission. that's an upgrade over\nlast year's 9 speed. we move inside--\nother big updates, including a third row\nthat can now fit adults, and a very flexible second row. on elite and touring\ntrim levels there's actually a removable\nsecond row center seat that you can store\nin the cargo area. and that allows you\nto switch between 7 and 8 passenger\nseating capacity, depending on what you need. up front in the cabin, there\nis a 9 inch touchscreen with wireless android auto and\napple carplay connectivity. this is a bit smaller than\nthe large touchscreens you'll find in competitors,\nso a bit of space there for honda to do more\nupgrades on this pilot. emme hall: and while we're still\non honda, let's talk prologue. this sharp looker is\ntheir first electric suv, and it's due in 2024\nwith a little help from general motors. yep, just like the acura zdx. i mean, evs are really\nexpensive to make, so it's nice to have friends\nto split the bill with. anyway, honda is borrowing\ngm's battery tech, and in fact, this\nprologue is going to be built at the\ngeneral's factory too. no, no lie. i'm speaking the truth. now we don't have a\nlot of specifics yet, but we know it's about the size\nof honda's current passport. we also expect it will be\npriced similarly, starting at right around 40 grand. [music playing] alistair weaver: hyundai's\nend performance division is digging in on evs. and the first one we'll\nsee is the ioniq 5n. while nothing's official\nyet, this hot hyundai is rumored to have\nover 500 horsepower. the extra grunt will be backed\nup by other go-faster bits like better brakes, stickier\ntires, and a retuned suspension system. if it's anything\nlike the kona n, this thing should be fantastic. hyundai's first dedicated\nev, the ioniq 5, came out of the gate\nguns blazing, winning us over with its\nstyle, performance, and fast charging tech. this time, hyundai is\ngetting a little weird on us with the ioniq 6 sedan. it's the funky super aerodynamic\nrival to the tesla model 3, but shares a lot of its tech\nand hardware with the ioniq 5. our first drive\nin korea suggests that even if you don't love the\nway this beetle shaped 6 looks, there are plenty of\nreasons to consider it. hyundai says top\nall-wheel drive versions will get 320 horsepower\nand a 0 to 60 time in under 5 seconds,\nwhich is pretty quick. the range is estimated\nto be up to 340 miles, and the new navigation\nsystem will guide you to nearby charging\nstations, skipping the ones that are broken. so, skipping a lot, if\nyou live in california. look out for it in\ndealerships this spring. so, you like hyundai's\nexcellent palisade, but you want your three-row\nsuv to run on batteries. sit tight, ladies and gentlemen,\nbecause a production version of this ioniq 7\nconcept is coming soon. it'll be based on\nthe same architecture and electric technology\nas the smaller ioniq 5 that we've come\nto know and love. we don't expect to see the glass\nheavy hatch, rear-hinged doors, and ultra minimalist cabin\nmake it to production. instead, keep an eye\npealed for over 300 miles of range, lightning quick\ncharging, and plenty of technology. and is it time for\na new kona already? apparently so. for 2024, this\nsecond-gen, subcompact suv has a bold new look and\nhas grown a lot bigger. there are gas and\nelectric models as before, along with new hybrid\nand n line sporty variants. hyundai has yet to confirm which\nmodels are coming to the us. and the power and\ntorque remain tbd too. emme hall: the hyundai palisade\ngot the smallest of refreshes for the new model year. there's a massaged front\ngrille, some new headlights, new tech, like a built\nin wi-fi hotspot, and well, that's about it. elsewhere, it looks\nkind of the same. and the interior is still\nspacious and user friendly. that said, hyundai\ndidn't really have much to do because,\nto be honest, the palisade was already\nreally, really good. [music playing] i am pretty pumped for this one. say, hello, to the\nineos grenadiers. and yep, that is a new brand. this highly capable 4\nby 4 is built in france and powered by bmw engines. it's a no nonsense\ntool like suv, and it's the creation of a\nbillionaire petrochemical magnate. it's coming to\nthe us soon and it should appeal to the\nfans of the land rover defender, jeep wrangler,\nand toyota 4runner, and, ok, me too. [music playing] jeep is getting ready to bring\nits take on pure electric fun to the great outdoors\nsoon with this recon ev. the mid-size suv should be just\nabout the size of today's grand cherokee when it\narrives in 2024. and jeep promises that it will\nhave a real off-road chops too, complete with knobby tires,\nunderbody protection, and a sophisticated\ntraction management system. plus, it will be available\nwith a power top, as well as removable doors, and\nglass just like a wrangler. the plan is for 50% of jeep\nsales to be ev by 2030. now, didn't we just\nget a new wagoneer? yeah, well, jeep thinks\nthat we need another one, and it's going to be based\non the wagoneer s concept, and surprise-- it's an ev. and it doesn't really share\nmuch with jeep's other recently introduced wagoneers. no, instead, the\ncompany is targeting over 400 miles per charge,\n600 horsepower, and a sports car like 0 to 60 time. [music playing] alistair weaver:\nkia's ev6 is already one of our favorite\nelectric cars. and for 2023, it's getting a\nfar more powerful gt variant. how powerful, i hear you ask. well, try over 575\nhorsepower-- enough for 0 to 60 in 3.4 seconds. that makes it genuinely supercar\nquick in a straight line. unfortunately, though,\nwith great power comes far less range-- just over 200 miles\naccording to the estimates. the gt won't be cheap either,\nstarting at around 63 grand. if you want a three-row\nsuv powered by electrons, your list of options is mighty\nshort and mighty costly too. but kia's ev9 will\nshortly change that. revealed in concept\nform last year, the production ev is\nexpected for 2024. it promises to set new\nstandards in range-- says kia. and we're ballparking\npricing from 55 to 75 grand. now that's not\nnothing, of course, but it's less than\nhalf the price of a tesla model x, one of your\nfew other ev three-row options. guess who's back? nero's back, hurrah. kia's second-gen\ncrossover is once again offered in hybrid,\nplug-in hybrid, and all electric flavors. it's got a bold new look,\ncomplete with available contrasting side blades\nlike an audi r8 supercar. more importantly,\nthis 2023 model has a hugely improved cabin with\ntwo 10 inch screens and loads of class above convenience tech. the hybrid's powertrain\nis largely carryover, but it offers an estimated\n53 miles per gallon. the plug-in hybrid\nversion, called the ph ev, is estimated to offer\n33 miles of range before the engine kicks in. and the ev promises over 250\nmiles on a single charge. emme hall: for 2024,\nkia's affordable seltos is getting refreshed. the optional turbo engine gets\nmore power and an eight speed automatic, while the interior is\ntreated to not one, but two, 10 inch digital screens-- that's a digital gauge cluster\nand an infotainment screen. and that is unusual\nat this price point. there's also modest visual\ntweaks and a new x-line trim. the kia soul might have\nlost, well, some of its soul. yep, for this year, kia got\nrid of the spunky turbocharged engine and toned down the looks. on the plus side, lane departure\nwarning and forward collision assist tech are now standard. you've probably seen the\ntelluride, like, everywhere. it's one of the most\npopular suvs on sale. and it's been one of\nedmunds top rated. for 2023, it gains new\nlooks, a massaged interior, and a new off-road\noriented x-pro model. sadly, they got rid of those\ncool orange daytime running lights. so if you still\nwant those you're going to have to buy a used one. well, can't win them all. [music playing] and speaking of off-roaders,\nhere's lamborghini. i mean it. kind of-- a little bit. so, ok, look-- this is\nthe 2023 hurican sterrato. and yeah, it really is a\nlifted off-road supercar. it's got raised\nground clearance, bridgestone all-terrain\ntires, and of course, over 600 horsepower\nfrom that v10 engine. no, you guys, it's probably much\nmore rally than rock crawler, but, still it's pretty cool. and lambo's top selling\nurus suv is also making news with this new 2023 performante. it's actually less\noff-roady than before, but really, that's no surprise. priced from over $260,000,\nit's got slightly more power and it sits lower on a new\nsteel spring suspension. grippier tires, unique aero,\nand a recalibrated transmission, mean it handles and accelerates\neven better than the already crazy good standard model. alistair weaver: so\nladies and gentlemen, you've made it as far as our\nlittle round of applause, thank you very much, everybody. emme hall: yay,\nwe're half way there. you guys are so good. alistair weaver:\nhow are you feeling? emme hall: oh, super good. i just need some diet\ndr. pepper and i'm ready to go for the\nrest of the alphabet. alistair weaver:\nbring on the caffeine, and bring on land rover. [music playing] so you love the\nland rover defender. yeah, i certainly do. but you need more\nspace, which maybe i do. you might think that's a\nstretch, and you'd be right. this new 2023 defender 130\nis over 13 inches longer, accommodating a third\nrow in the process. priced from around 70 grand, it\nlooks a little malproportioned. it's got a big, kind of\nlike, fat ass, to be honest. but it should still\nbe capable off-road. speaker 1: let's do\nanother one those. alistair weaver: can\nwe not say, fat ass? reborn for 2023, the\nrange rover sport looks an awful lot like its\nrange rover big brother, which is no bad thing. it's super posh\nand super capable, and is available with everything\nfrom a turbocharged mild hybrid 6, to a plug-in hybrid,\nor a twin turbo v8-- old school. finally, an all electric\nversion is promised for 2024. once again, just like its\nrange rover big brother. [music playing] the lexus rx\npractically invented the luxury two-row suv when it\nfirst came out back in 1998. now, 25 years later,\nit's new all over again. and this best seller has\nreally upped its game. for starters, there\nare all new looks. and lexus has kind of found a\nway to make the spindle grille work on an suv, finally. inside, there's a nice\nmix of luxury materials that make it an even\nmore premium place to be. special mention has to go\nto the seats, which we love. it's even pretty nice to drive. all told, the rx\nfinally has what it takes to hang with the\naudis and benz's of the world. nice job, lexus. emme hall: lexus'\nfirst ev for america will be this aggressive\nlooking compact suv-- the rz. based on the same\nplatform and tech as toyota's disappointing\nbz4x, the rz is only promising\n225 miles of range. but on the plus side, it's\ngot quite a bit more power and a nicer interior. remarkably, lexus is planning on\noffering a yoke style steering wheel, just like tesla. and thankfully,\nit'll be an option. now, how will the\nnew model stack up against rivals like\nthe audi a4 e-tron, and volvo xc40 recharge? yeah, we're just going\nto have to wait and see. [music playing] for 2023, lincoln's small\ncorsair gets a tech infusion. the big news is the\navailability of activeglide, a hands-free highway\ndriving assistant with automated lane changes. terrible name-- cool tech. other updates include\na revised nose with a larger grille and a\nbigger infotainment screen. [music playing] after some financial\nfits and starts, startup company lordstown says,\nit is finally just about ready to come to market\nwith its endurance ev. the commercial market minded\nelectric truck features a unique powertrain\nwith four in wheel motors for low maintenance. unfortunately, it only has about\n200 miles of range and costs around 65 grand, which\nfeels really expensive. it'll be built in ohio, which is\nwhere the company's name comes from. [music playing] alistair weaver:\nit feels like we've been hearing about a lotus\nsuv for a decade or more, and it's finally\ncoming for 2024. the electra doesn't seem to\nsubscribe to the sports car brand's long held tenets of\nlightness and compactness, but those things don't usually\ngo together with electric suvs anyway. that's right, it's\npowered by batteries. even so, this thing is huge-- about the same length as a bmw\nx7, but it sits much lower. lotus says we can expect\nbetween 609 horsepower, depending on trim. we can also expect super quick\ncharging and around 350 miles of range, plus advanced\nautomated driving tech with onboard lidar-- that's laser radar. us pricing hasn't\nbeen announced yet, but overseas figures suggest\nthis lotus will start right around the six figure mark. [music playing] luxury startup,\nlucid, is teasing its upcoming 2024 gravity\nelectric suv, and big brother to the air sedan. like the tesla model\nx and rivian r1s, it's a proper three-row, so\nyou can scare lots of kids with its performance. lucid says the gravity\nwill have the most range of any electric suv. i just hope it doesn't\nhave as many annoying bugs as our very own air sedan. speaking of which, lucid\nis preparing an even higher powered air. this 1,200 horsepower\ntesla model s plaid rival is tipped to hit 100 miles\nan hour in under 4 seconds, and storm on to over\ntwice that speed. production starts in the\nfirst half of this year. [music playing] emme hall: this is\na huge 24 months for maserati, which is turning\nover nearly its entire model range. mazur is finally\nreplacing its granturismo pushing it up market to\nabout $200,000, for starters. it will be available in\nboth twin turbo v6 form, and pure electric\ndubbed, the folgore. the latter will be the\nbrand's first electric car with plans for all of\nthe trident brand's cars to go ev by 2030. a grancabrio drop-top\narrives later. arriving ahead of the\ngranturismo is this-- the 2023 grecale compact suv. think of it as an\nitalian porsche macan. 4 and 6 cylinder\nmodels arrive first including a mild hybrid model. and all electric folgore\nsibling arrives in the fall. maserati's tasty mc20\nmid-engine sports car gave the brand new life in 2022,\nand for 2023, a drop-top cielo version, [inaudible] packing 630\nhorsepower and a glass folding roof-- bellissimo. [music playing] alistair weaver:\nmazda's compaq cx50 has been on sale for a\nwhile now and we love it. it's not as capacious\nas some rivals, but it's more fun to\ndrive than all of them. and it feels nicer\ninside than most. oddly, mazda is still keeping\nthe same size cx5 around, at least for now. perhaps because the cx50 has\na bit more off-road cred. for 2024, mazda is readying\na larger and more premium three-row suv, the cx90,\nwhich will presumably replace today's cx9. it's slated to get a new\nin-line 6 cylinder engine, which feels refreshing to say\nwhen everything else is going electric. we're expecting standard\nall-wheel drive and class leading driving dynamics\nbecause, well, that's what mazda does. mazda plans to spin\na two row model off the cx90 underpinnings. and it should arrive shortly\nafter its bigger brother even if we've yet to see\na single teaser image. mazda's first ev hasn't made\na dent in the sales charts. partly because mazda isn't\noffering it everywhere, and partly because it's only\ngood for around 100 miles of range, which in\ntoday's world is rubbish. in 2023, mazda will add a\nsmall range extending engines to curb that range anxiety. and guess what-- it's a rotary. and old mazda signature\nthat we thought had been sent to the skies. geeks rejoice. [music playing] emme hall: british sports\ncar manufacturer, mclaren, is rolling out this\nnew artura supercar. and this mid-engine\nplug-in hybrid coupe promises serious\nperformance along with about 20 miles of\npure electric range. now, speaking of\nrange, mclaren has passed on range maximizing\nregenative braking in order to preserve pedal feel. a sign that driving\nenjoyment remains at the heart of this quarter\nmillion dollar exotic. [music playing] renewed and hugely improved\njust last year, benz's c-class is getting a new high\nperformance amg c63 derivative for 2024. long known for its\nv8 bellow, the new 63 has its engine's displacement,\nbut it adds an electric turbo and plug-in hybrid tech. the result is 671 horsepower\nout of a 2 liter, 4 cylinder engine. one word for that, y'all,\nand that is, yowza. now, if you like the c63s\nelectrified powertrain formula, but need to splash\nout in some larger, benz has a new s63 for 2024. thanks to his twin turbo v8\nand electrified rear axle, it's the most powerful\ns-class ever made. mercedes is getting\nhot and heavy with evs over the\nnext year or so, and it's hard to keep\ntrack of what's what, so here are the cliff notes. following on the heels of\nthe larger costlier eqs, the smaller 2023\neqe is essentially an electric e-class. power comes in three levels, and\nboth rear and all-wheel drive are offered, ranges estimated\nat an impressive 400 miles. and based on our\neqs range test, we wouldn't be surprised if the\neqe sedan does even better. it's available with benz's\nhuge hyperscreen dashboard too. now if you'd rather have\nsomething in an suv, benz's new 2023 eqe suv\nmight be right up your alley. this mid-size crossover is about\nthe size of the gl e-class, and it competes with the\ntesla model y and bmw ix. it too is available in\nrear and all-wheel drive, and hyperscreen is optional. it looks super luxe but\nit is down on cargo space compared to its rivals. finally, there is an even more\nridiculously powerful amg eqe variant with over 600 horses\nand rear-wheel steering. alistair weaver: struggling\nto keep up with all the new mercedes electric suvs? well, us too. but at least this\none is distinctive. this is the nearly\nhere mercedes eqg. an electric version of the\nlegendary g-class, or g-wagon, if you're old school. its boxy looks are\nretained, and so are its off road credentials. it'll likely be quicker than the\nalready absurdly quick g63 amg gas truck, and it may be\nmore capable off-road too. finally, it can do donuts\nwithin its own axles. if you don't need the off-road\ncapability of the eqg, but still want a flagship\nworthy electric suv, benz will be happy to\nshow you the 2023 eqs. this six figure\ndream boat features standard air suspension and\noptional third row seating. it's also available with\nup to 580 horsepower, which is, well, a lot. and finally, an ultra\nluxury maybach version is rumored to be arriving soon. and now, for something\ncompletely different. crank up the surf music. this is the meyers manx\n2.0, an all electric version of the iconic\nvolkswagen based buggy that dominated '60s\nand '70s beach parties. no longer vw based,\nthis ev promises up to 300 miles of range, and\n0 to 60 in 4 and 1/2 seconds. these are serious numbers. pricing is tbd. won't be that cheap, though. with plans for a low\nvolume soft launch in 2023. emme hall: and alistar,\nas the grand fromage here at edmunds,\ni think that you should give me a long termer\nof the meyers manx ev. alistair weaver: i appreciate\nthe dive into french, but i think i'll be very much\npulling rank on this one. emme hall: no, it's mine. i live in the desert. it's mine. alistair weaver: i\nlive by the beach. emme hall: ah, [bleep] [music playing] alistair weaver: keeping it\ncute for a second, a version of the mini aceman\nconcept shown here, is headed to production in 2024. this is an all\nelectric model that sits between today's standard\ncooper and the countryman suv. pricing and specs remain tbd. and we're not sure if\nthe pokemon infotainment mode is going to make\nit to production either. honestly, it can't\ncome soon enough. mini really needs new models. talking of which,\nwe're looking forward to seeing the next\ngeneration cooper. expect it to be available\nas a two or four door hatchback, or a\nconvertible, the new cooper is said to be smaller\noutside, yet roomier inside. an all electric successor\nto today's mini se ev is also planned. [music playing] mitsubishi's outlander\ncrossover is finally getting a new plug-in\nhybrid variant for 2023. like its gas only\ncounterpart, this model is based on nissan's\npopular rogue. unusually for a\ncompact crossover, the mitsubishi seats\nup to 7 at a pinch. it offers an estimated 38\nmiles of all electric range, well over 400 miles\nof total range, and is priced right\naround 40,000 smackers. [music playing] emme hall: is it a car? is it a bike? no. it is the morgan super 3. this roadster is the small\nenglish company's latest three-wheeler-- part\nof a long lineage that dates back over 110 years. all new and powered by a ford\n3 cylinder engine, paired with a mazda miata\nmanual gearbox, this steampunk style trike\nhas no roof whatsoever. priced from right around 55\ngrand, it's as endearingly fun as it is impractical. alistair weaver: honestly, emme,\ni've been thinking about this-- emme hall: yeah. alistair weaver: you\ncan have the dune buggy. emme hall: yes!\nalistair weaver: this is for me. emme hall: oh-- alistair weaver: 110\nyears of history-- what would you call it? a steam-- emme hall: steampunk. alistair weaver: what's that? emme hall: oh, my god,\nyou're so british. [music playing] after leading the global\nelectrification movement with its leaf, nissan has been\noddly quiet on evs for years. now that changes\nwith the ariya suv, which is here to take on vw\nid.4, and hyundai's ioniq 5. starting at about 45 grand,\nthis 5 passenger crossover is about the size of a rogue,\nbut it is roomier and features a japanese inspired\nminimalist cabin with a number of clever touches. ariya launches\nwith a front wheel drive, single-motor model, and\nwith the larger battery pack, range is estimated at\njust over 300 miles. but some models promise\nas little as 205 miles, which is really disappointing. a dual motor, all-wheel drive,\nwith lots more performance is due soon. not to be ignored,\nnissan's mid-size sedan gets a nip tuck\nfor 2023, including a slight facelift and a big new\n12.3 inch infotainment screen with wireless carplay\nand android auto. this camry rival starts\nat right around 26 grand. alistair weaver:\nattention, enthusiasts-- nissan's iconic z has\nreturned for 2023, after a three year hiatus. it's got a lot more power\nand an attractive look that's sort of greatest its\nmedley of previous z designs. this rear-drive coupe features\na 400 horsepower turbocharged v6 borrowed from infinity. and you can even still\nget it with a manual. the new z still\nrides on a version of the old car's platform, which\ngives it a somewhat old school vibe. it's not as sophisticated\nas the rival toyota supra, but its analog character\nhas its own appeal. emme hall: uh, one more thing-- we hear that a new higher\nperformance nismo version is around the corner too. and we cannot wait for that one. [music playing] alistair weaver: if volvo's\nupscale polestar division somehow isn't on your\nradar yet, well, you might want to sit\nup and pay attention because this new polestar 3\nelectric suv looks tremendous. and since it starts at about\n$85,000, you probably should. the 3 come standard with two\nmotors and all-wheel drive. available with over\n500 horsepower, it should really move too. plus, polestar is promising\n300 miles of range. and since it's part of\nthe greater volvo family, we're also expecting top\nsafety tech and a high quality swedish minimalist interior\nwith generous room for 5. emme hall: porsche's legendary\n911 gets a lift for 2023-- literally. there is a new rally inspired\ndeck car model with more ground clearance, all terrain\ntires, and a starting price of over $220,000. still, we can't\nwait to have a go. taking things down a notch-- also literally-- is the gt3 rs,\nthe 911 range's low slung track monster. it pairs a high revving,\nvirtually race spec engine, with a dual clutch gearbox and\na crazy downforce aerodynamics. and hey, it's priced at\nabout the same as the dakar. also new is the 911\ncarrera t-- sort of a budget version\nof the gt3 rs. only available as a rear wheel\ndrive coupe and hyper focused, it features thinner\nglass, newer rear seats, and reduced insulation,\nall to save weight. it'll lighten your wallet\ntoo, by about 120 grand. now, porsche always\ndoes special editions. and for 2023, there\nis the nostalgia soaked targa 4s heritage design\nedition and the sport classic, which pairs the 911 turbo's\nengine with a rear wheel drive chassis and a manual gearbox. and look, it's got a ducktail. [music playing] alistair weaver:\nram can't afford to get left out of\namerica's rapidly expanding electric truck market. cue the ram 1,500\nrevolution concept. we expect to see the\nproduction version in 2024. rivian's r1t truck is\njoined by an suv variant for 2023 called r1s. it loses the pickup's\nclever gear tunnel, but picks up a\nthird row of seats. like its load lugging\nsibling, there's no shortage of clever tech. we recently put one up\nagainst tesla's model x plaid. and despite it having\nsignificantly less power, it still came out ahead. rumors persist\nthat in 2024 rivian will debut a shorter, harder\ncore, off-road suv dubbed r1x. it's expected to have four\nmotors, different batteries, and insane amounts of power. say, hello-- or given that it's\ngerman now-- you could say, gutentag to rolls-royce's\nfirst ev, the 2024 specter. sounds like a bond movie. anyway, the idea of\nan electric roller just seems to make sense. after all, british\nluxury cars have always been about quiet, smooth,\npower, which electric motors do inherently well. this two door coupe is actually\nlonger than most four door luxury sedans. the two motor bmw\nderived powertrain is expected to live\nabout 300 miles of range and nearly 600 horsepower. and if you have to\nask about the price, well, you know, ok, we\nreckon it's around 400 grand, plus, plus, plus, plus. [music playing] emme hall: this is the\n2024 subaru crosstrek, the third generation\ncompact suv. yeah, it's just an impreza\nhatchback on stilts, but seriously, these things have\nalways been shockingly capable off-road. this next generation\ncrosstrek won't stray too far from today's design,\nbut it does feature a slightly tougher look, along\nwith improved driver assistance tech and a bigger touchscreen. now, no word yet on\npowertrain specs, let alone if a plug-in\nhybrid model return. even so, we expect pricing to\nstart in the same ballpark, right around 25 grand or so. look for deliveries\nat sometime in 2023. we're also getting a redesigned\n2024 impreza hatchback, which is basically a crosstrek\nwithout the rei expense account. our man, zummallen has more. ryan zummallen:\nthis year we also get a redesigned 2024\nsubaru impreza hatchback. that's right, hatchback\nonly, no more sedan. frankly, so many companies\nare moving away from cars altogether to just\nmake suvs, we're happy we get any version\nof the impreza at all. so how is it? well, the interior\nhasn't changed much, but this version of the impreza\ndoes get a stiffer chassis, more powerful available\nengine, and subaru's suite of helpful safety aids is\nnow standard on the impreza. we can't wait to drive it. this is the fully\nelectric subaru solterra, which had only just\nlaunched last year when it was immediately embroiled\nin a massive recall. will things improve this year? the solterra does\nhave some benefits, but most importantly,\nsubaru need to start building more of\nthese and getting them out on the road, fast. come on guys, figure it out. i want to go camping. [music playing] alistair weaver:\nyou didn't think we could get through this\nlist without tesla, did you? no, sir. no, ma'am. so what are we expecting\nfrom team elon in 2023 and '24, apart from\na bunch of tweets? well, pretty much\nthe same thing we've been promised for\nthe last few years-- the cybertruck, the\nroadster, and the semi-truck. we're told the first new\nmodel to make it onto streets in volume will be the semi. unfortunately, given that\nthe road to production has been paved with broken\npromises and missed deadlines, we'll believe it when we're\nfinally behind the yoke. more importantly for\nyou, dear car shopper, is the cybertruck-- the\nsci-fi-esque pickup truck that tesla has been\npromising for a long time. a striking truck\nwith shatterproof, or let's say, shatter\nresistant glass, was first shown back in 2019. i was there that day,\nand it was supposed to be on sale by\nthe end of 2021. but now, it's looking more like\nlate 2023, if not year after. and we have even less\nto go on, in terms of performance targets, than\nwe did back when it debuted. the pricing, the range, and\nthe performance estimates that used to be on tesla's\nreservation site are-- gone. at some point,\nthey're also going to have to replace the aging\nmodel 3, model y, model s, and model x too. but right now, that's all\nquiet on the elon front. as for the superb looking\n$200,000 roadster, we can't wait to drive it. sadly, like\neverything else tesla that's been promised\nlately, waiting is exactly what we're\ngoing to have to do. emme hall: toyota started\nits ev offensive last year with the bz4x, but it\nimmediately hit snags. first, we dinged it\nfor its crummy range and ergonomic issues. then, the whole\nbatch was recalled over manufacturing problems. stay tuned to edmunds.com\nfor the latest. and speaking of bzs-- toyota's new bz\ncompact suv concept promises a small electric\nvehicle with decent range. interesting, right? unfortunately, the\naforementioned bz4xs rough start isn't filling\nus with optimism, so we're just going\nto wait and see. now, everybody knows the camry-- it's spacious, it's\ncomfortable-- oh, yeah, and it's great on\ngas-- blah, blah, blah. well, it's also aging. and we hear a new one\nis coming for 2024. so, sit tight. alistair weaver: some of\ntoyota's electric vehicles may not exactly have\ngot your blood running, but this could be different. it's the compact\ncruiser concept-- a boxy electric suv that harks\nback to the old fj cruiser. we hear a version of\nit's coming for 2024, but that's not official yet. what should you know\nabout the toyota crown? it's a big sedan\nwith a big name. i mean, evoking royalty for\na weird looking, high riding, sedan-- bold move, toyota. so, here's how the\ncrown measures up-- we like what this big four door\nsedan is offering-- namely, a spacious comfortable\ninterior and a standard hybrid powertrain to help\nyou save fuel. on the top trim\nversion, the combination of a turbocharged\n4 and hybrid system combines to give\nyou loads of power. and its adaptive\nsuspension feels great too. but the base engine is\nsignificantly weaker. and the ride quality on\nevery car feels too-- floaty. the crown is still an awful\nlot of car for your money, even if it falls short\nof genuine royalty. emme hall: toyota's corolla\nreceives a substantial update for 2023, including a\nstronger hybrid powertrain that's now offered\nwith all-wheel drive. the most popular,\ngas only, le also gets a more powerful, yet\nmore efficient, engine. updated safety and audio gear\nalso figure into the picture. but corolla has grown more\naccomplished in recent years, and even with that\nin mind, it is still hard to not be shocked\nby the 2023 gr corolla-- an energy drink in the\nshape of a hatchback. this 300 horsepower rally\ninspired all-wheel drive hero is one of the most entertaining\ncars you can buy at any price. just make sure you\ncan drive a manual. and if you prefer your corollas\nwith sensible shapes and power numbers, they don't\nget much more practical than the new hybrid variant\nof the corolla cross. this 2023 model\nis super sensible. it's got standard\nall-wheel drive and an efficient electrified\n4 cylinder powertrain good for an epa estimated 37\nmiles per gallon combined. alistair weaver: the\nprius and prius prime are all new for 2023. and guess what? they're actually kind\nof great looking. our ryan is back with more. ryan zummallen: here we have the\nredesigned 2023 toyota prius. and as you can see, it's\ngotten a radical makeover. it's now got a fresh\nnew design that's much more elegant than before. it's also more powerful. under the hood is\nan upgraded 2 liter, 4 cylinder engine mated to a\nhybrid system with improved batteries. that's going to\ngive you more power. in total, it produces\nalmost 200 horsepower. and toyota says it will be able\nto shave 2 seconds off its 0 to 60 time, compared\nto the previous prius. but it hasn't forgotten\nits fuel efficient roots. toyota says the new prius\nwill be estimated up to 57 mpg combined. that's a huge improvement. you can get it in front wheel\ndrive or all-wheel drive. and it comes with a much\nmore modern interior, including a 12.3 inch center\ntouchscreen as standard. apple carplay and android\nauto are wireless. and you get all of toyota's\nlatest safety tech as well. but what about a plug-in hybrid? well, there's a new\nprius prime for that. and that should be able to\ngo nearly 50 miles on full ev power. the new prius will\nbe out in early 2023, with the prius prime to follow\njust a few months later. emme hall: among three-row\nsuvs, the toyota sequoia definitely deserves a look. based on the same platform as\nthe redesigned tundra pickup, this full sizer has\nfinally been redesigned for the first time since 2001. and you know what, we\nthink toyota nailed it. yes, it isn't massive. but if you're ok with\nthat, or better still, if you need that, this\ncapable truck based suv definitely has the goods. overlanders prepare\nyourself, toyota is hitting the off\nthe grid market hard with its new trail\nhunter trim series designed for rugged living. we expect to see the toyota\ntundra, tacoma, and some suvs, like the 4runner, to carry\nthis badge, along with a bunch of gear, pretty soon. [music playing] alistair weaver: vietnam's\nvinfast lands in america in 2023 with its two row vf8\nsuv, and this three-row vf9. yes, vietnam, is tempting to\nthink of vinfast as a start-up, but they are already selling\ntons of cars at home, along with buses, and scooters. vinfast parent,\nvingroup, owns everything from hotels, to hospitals,\nto cybersecurity, and artificial\nintelligence firms. they've got deep,\ndeep pockets, which should mean vinfast avoids\nending up as vaporware. the vf8 is a two row compact ev\nset to rival hyundai's ioniq 5 and tesla's model y. it comes\nwith standard all-wheel drive. as for this vf9, it gets up to\n400 horsepower and up to 370 miles of estimated range. vinfast is promising cutting\nedge infotainment, including games and e-commerce apps. importantly, for\nan unknown company, both come with 10 year,\n125,000 mile warranties. that's impressive. the vf8 starts at\naround 43 grand, and the vf9 starts at around 58. but there's a big catch. a big catch-- batteries\nare not-- not included. yes, i'm serious. vinfast is pioneering a\nbattery subscription program to help keep costs down, and\nto curb buyer fears of cost of replacement packs. a subscription will set you\nback around $200 a month. if you really do want to buy\none with your very own battery, vinfast will sell\nyou one, but it's going to cost you much more-- upwards of 58 grand for the\nvf8, or 76 grand for the 9. that's a lot. if you want something\ncheaper, smaller, then vf6 and vf7 models\nare promised for 2024. [music playing] ryan zummallen: here's the\nlatest on the volkswagen id.buzz-- it's coming. volkswagen wants\nto get the id.buzz into the hands of owners\nsooner rather than later, which means a few\nlucky customers are about to be very, very happy. now, if you've seen our hands\non look inside the id.buzz, you already know we like its\nspace inside, and its fun, playful personality all over. we've even driven\nit since then-- a european version, anyway. the id.buzz is mega slow. but it is easy to\ndrive and you'll get a lot of positive attention. passengers in the second row are\nin for a bit of a rough ride, however. overall, volkswagen\nactually made good on its promise to resurrect\nthe iconic microbus with an ev twist. groovy. emme hall: and speaking\nof volkswagen id models, here comes the 2024 id.7. no, it's not going to have this\ntrippy color changing camo, but this long range electric\nsedan will feature a 15 inch infotainment screen, augmented\nreality head up display, and smart air vents. now, did those really\nneed to be smart? yeah, probably not. but they oscillate like a\nfan, and that's kind of cool. you're looking at volkswagen's\ncurrent atlas three-row suv and cross sport models. but these siblings are\npoised to get a refresh soon. that will include updated looks\nalong with substantial interior and powertrain changes. finally, for\nvolkswagen-- and not much is known about the\nnext generation tiguan, but we're expecting\nit to arrive in 2024. we've seen spy shots of a\nfully electric model, which seems odd given they've\ngot the id.4 for now. either way, we're still\nexpecting a gas or hybrid model to come first. alistair weaver:\nall right, we're in the home stretch people. grab another glass. you're doing great. stick with us. emme hall: please,\nstick with us. your eyeballs pay my salary. alistair weaver: it's an\nescape from the in-laws. [music playing] let's talk 2024 volvo ex90. no, i didn't say,\nxc90, although the two models are about the same size. this is volvo's brand new, top\nof the line, electric flagship suv. it takes volvo's scandinavian\naesthetic to the next level. it's super sleek, especially\nfor a three-row suv, but it still has\na sense of humor. the headlights wink. they wink. see-- wink. the ex90 gets a two motor,\nall wheel drive setup, good for nearly 500 horsepower. the battery pack\nis big, enabling, says volvo, a range\nof up to 300 miles. inside, there's a nextgen\ninfotainment system with a bigger 14 inch screen. but that famous\nswedish minimalist vibe means there are almost\nno buttons, or dials, for things like climate\nand audio controls, which might be really annoying. this is a volvo, so it\nshouldn't be surprising that the ex90's got nextlevel\nsafety gear and driver assistance. see that thing on the roof? that's lidar-- laser radar-- just like what google's\nself-driving bubble cars use. pricing for this\nsouth carolina built suv should start\nat under 80 grand when it arrives in early 2024. ok, one more thing-- we don't even have\na name for it yet, but volvo has confirmed\nthey're working on a tiny electric suv to slot\nin under today's xc40 recharge compact. sounds adorable. emme hall: and that's it. you've reached the\nend of the rainbow, or the end of this list. anyway, anyway, somewhere\naround 130 cars. congratulations. i wasn't even sure\nyou had it in you. heck, i wasn't even sure\nwe had it in alistar. but i always knew i could do it. alistair weaver: that's fine. anyway, after all of that,\ntake a well-earned nap. then, please come back\nand leave us a comment. let us know which models\nyou're most excited about. and of course, don't forget\nto check out edmunds.com for even more information. even more information,\nladies and gentlemen, on all the coolest new\ncars, trucks, and suvs. now to get started\non, or to at least delegate, next year's list. emme hall: he's\nsuch a delegator. "

----------

"your guide to a better future. our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. if you buy through our links, we may get a commission. reviews ethics statement. worried about buying toys that were so last year? you'll find that the best toys still remain relevant. not every toy from last year becomes irrelevant the moment the clock strikes midnight in the new year. a number of the hottest toys from last year are surpassing the fad phase. no matter what your kid (or favorite adult) enjoys, you'll find tons of great gifts here, from a diy vending machine to an interactive guinea pig, from the bluey playhouse to the barbie dreamhouse. for more ideas, revisit amazon's list of top toys and the best stem toys. not ready for an actual pet? little live pets is here for you. the mama surprise guinea pig set includes a soft, interactive mama pig and three babies that will appear in the hutch. note: an adult is needed to set up the hutch so kids can experience the \"birth\" surprise element. mama has over 20 sounds and reactions, and the set includes accessories for your new pets. what's better than one squishmallow? three of them. these plump stuffies are still ultra-popular with kids. (adults agree, because squishmallows actually won the toy association's\u00a02022 toy of the year award.) this gift combines adorable toys with the element of surprise, so unwrapping this mystery box will be a highlight. inside the box are three surprise 8-inch plush toys, chosen at random. if your child loves to imagine themselves in the star wars universe, enhance the magic with an interactive l0-la59 (lola) droid. lola features over 45 light, sound and movement combinations and three different modes of play. attach lola to the included stand in hover mode, or put her in companion mode by attaching legs. on the go mode means she's zooming through the galaxy (with some help from you). australia's animated dog family has our hearts. and with a line of fun, quality toys, they have our wallets too. gift your little one hours of playtime with this new, interactive playhouse set. the large (17-inches tall and 30-inches wide) house folds up for easy storage, and you can pop bingo, bluey, chatterbox and nana in there plus all the accessories. when kids press the octopus, lights and sounds are activated for leveled-up play. kids who enjoy building will love this diy kit. they can put together a 2-foot vending machine that doubles as a coin bank. soda bottle-shaped gummy candies are included so kids can stock their machine and start vending. bonus: this kit isn't all fun and games; it's a stem project in disguise. lessons in math and money, gears, gravity, force and more are embedded in this cool gift. best for kids ages 8 and up. a new set from lego, olivia's space academy contains 757 pieces. build a shuttle model, classroom, mission control and observatory. four lego figures and science accessories -- including a planet model -- complete the science scene. best for ages 8 and up. with magic mixies, kids can cast a spell on their magic crystal ball with the included light-up wand and conjure a cute magic mixie toy. when the creation is over, the interactive plush toy provides its own fun with over 80 lights, sounds, and reactions. bonus: the crystal ball doubles as a night light. this sweet hair salon set will thrill any kiddo who loves cute little animals. if you already have some calico critters playsets, pony's stylish hair salon makes a perfect addition to your \"town.\" the salon includes a posable pony figure complete with silky hair and a dress and over 40 accessories. best for ages 3 and up. snap circuits are the perfect gift for curious kids. there are over 100 electronic projects possible with this stem set, which is best for ages 8 and up. build a flashlight, photo sensor, siren and more. the best part is that kids are learning about the fundamentals of electricity as they play. mattel partnered with habitat for humanity to build 60 homes around the world in honor of 60 years of barbie's dreamhouse. the 2022 version of barbie's plastic home has three floors, stands 43 inches tall and\u00a0boasts 10 indoor and outdoor living areas, including a moveable grass and pool area. it comes furnished with lights, sounds and 70 accessories. this is the mother of all dinosaur toys. at over 3 feet long, super colossal giganotosaurus is an impressive play thing. he can gobble up action figures (and luckily you can rescue them via his belly) and generally wreak havoc. best for ages 4 and up. plastic pop it bubbles are so fun to smoosh. it's easy to see why the fidget toys became so popular. but this trend has a new twist: it's now a light-up game. simply press the patterns that light up to play along. the light up pop it pro makes a great toy for car rides or plane trips, or just something to have handy to keep kids busy. this sturdy plastic microscope is great for little hands to grasp. kids ages 5 and up can check out over 220 videos and images from the bbc on the screen, or view the eight double-sided smart slides. the magic adventures microscope has games and other fun content, but it's also a real microscope, with magnification up to 200x. embrace the dark side with this exciting board game from ravensburger. kids 10 and up will have fun strategizing as darth vader, kylo ren, general grievous, asajj ventress or moff gideon. the award-winning villainous game system is also great for family game night. little fashionistas will covet this\u00a0l.o.l. set. your kid will enjoy opening tiny packaging to reveal the 12 exclusive dolls in this set. fold the big box out into four fun scenes, including the fashion show, and get those dolls walking the runway. stickers, accessories, outfits and more surprises are included for a complete doll fashion show experience. discover what colors and crystals lie beneath the surface of these 10 geodes with national geographic's geode stem set. it includes everything your budding geologist needs to learn about how geodes are formed, and then they can break some open for themselves. along with 10 specimens, the kid includes a guide, magnifying glass, goggles and display stands. marvel studios' guardians of the galaxy vol. 2 introduced a very popular character: baby groot. fans of the film will love this 476-piece lego set that yields a posable model groot. best for kids ages 10 and up, the set includes pieces for a groot that stands over 10-inches tall, plus a pretend cassette tape. this play guitar is such a fun gift. preschoolers (and even older kids) will enjoy jamming with four different play modes: play with the band, free play, solo jam and play any song (using bluetooth). play your little one's favorite tunes by syncing with any bluetooth-enabled device. baby shark, anyone? we love the guitar's realistic design and reusable packaging. bonus: parents control the volume. this is a pricey one, but it's worth putting on your toy list. nintendo switch game consoles are ultra popular. so if your kiddo is sans switch, you can give them hours of entertainment playing animal crossing: new horizons, mario kart, zelda, just dance or whatever games they're into. the new oled model has a sharper, larger screen than the original model. and the switch is definitely a better console for younger kids than the more expensive xbox series x and playstation 5. we love that the switch can be played on the tv or as handheld. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. want to find the best toys this year? these are hottest toys for kids, from the creative and educational to pure silly. all the best features, news, tips and great deals to help you live a better life through technology. thank you for signing up to t3. you will receive a verification email shortly. there was a problem. please refresh the page and try again. looking for the best toys to buy for your kids? well, provided they've been good boys and girls of course, there are loads of awesome toys on the market right now, whether you\u2019re looking for something creative, educational or cuddly. right here, we've rounded up the best toys and found something for every child. in this guide, you\u2019ll see some big names in the toy world including barbie, lego, and star wars, but we\u2019ve also included a variety of lesser-known brands that provide all sorts of fun toys and games for children including doll houses, action figures and nerf guns. some toys are quite pricey, but if you\u2019re on a budget, there\u2019s plenty here to cater to all price ranges too, as we realise that many families right now are struggling through a cost of living crisis. for even more toys and games, we also have dedicated guides for popular toys such as the best lego sets, best nerf guns and best remote-control cars. while those who want to get a steal on toy buying for next year, t3's best water guns buying guide is filled with a selection of superb super soakers and water pistols. why you can trust t3 \n\n\nour expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. find out more about how we test. the character formerly known as the child (and before that, baby yoda) gets a new animatronic spin, paying tribute to his insatiable appetite in season 2 of the mandalorian. with 4 interactive accessories that can be placed in his hand, grogu reacts to snacks both delicious and disgusting, beckons for a hug and, yes, uses the force when you pat its head 3 times. we're not sure how many kids have actually seen the mandalorian, but we know this: they seem to bloody love grogu, and this will sell like hot bone broth. if your young kids are glued to youtube or netflix - as today's youngsters tend to be - then you've probably been subjected to more than your fair share of cocomelon. it's absolutely huge. this cuddly jj isn't going to help stop the songs rolling around your head, given that it plays 'yes yes bedtime' with a squish of the tummy, but it'll certainly delight those for whom cocomelon is a way of life. and that's really the point, isn't it? one for the older kids or perhaps particularly digitally advanced youngsters, lego's epic 2064-piece set stashes away microfig-scale dioramas of iconic scenes from super mario 64, including bob-omb battlefield, peach's castle and cool, cool mountain. scale be damned, it's also compatible with the interactive lego mario and new lego luigi figures for a little extra play potential. lego is such a big part of many kids and adults childhoods so this toy is also great to bond over and play with together. mga's super-deformed surprise toys continue to be a huge hit, and this four-floored wooden dreamhouse-baiter is sure to be topping a whole lot of birthday or christmas lists. it's compatible both with smaller l.o.l. dolls and their larger o.m.g. counterparts, includes transforming furniture, spinning rooms and a whole bunch of furniture - though unlike last year's o.m.g. house there's no doll included. while there's definitely part of us which prefers the slightly more sensible barbie you can be anything range, there's no denying that a barbie completely overdoing it in ludicrous outfits and an accessorisable pet just feels right. mattel says this range has a 'more is more' attitude, which sounds about right with the glitter, emojis and stand-out hair. each doll has a fun unique look and style so we're sure your kids will want to collect them all. there is no kids' show more wholesome and lovely than bluey, to the point that it has become actively encouraged viewing in many kid-packed households - not something that can be said for every screeching headache of a franchise. these are uncomplicated articulated action figures of bluey, bandit, bingo and chilli, but they're perfect for little imagined adventures. the ultra line hasn't had the easiest of starts, but nerf's latest ultra select looks to have got things much more on target. it's a twin-magazine motorised blaster which includes a bunch of standard black ultra darts (built for distance but tending to fly a little wayward) and the new silver variety, which use a flat end and vastly improve accuracy. the magazine-switching gimmick is pretty cool, too. this new generation of optimus prime switches quicker than ever, transforming from vehicle to robot mode with a push. this 2-in-1 toy is super eye catching with 10 button-activated sound effects and multiple accessories. you will need to take into account that transforming the robot back to the vehicle is a 10-12 step process (which as the parent, you'll probably be made to do when they get bored) but there's still a good bit of fiddly fun remaining. pre-insta kids are going to go mental for vtech's instant snapper. yes, you'll be on the hook for thermal paper, but it's far cheaper than polaroid at about a penny per picture, there's sd storage for photos and videos, the sensor flips up for selfies - everything kids want. they won't even worry too much about the resolution, which vtech is keeping quiet about (but which we suspect is pretty low). marble runs are still big business, though ravensburger's system doesn't use the 'm' word. these are gravity spheres. that terminology isn't surprising considering its stem roots, and the gravitrax system is hugely extendable. the pro line is entirely compatible with the basic gravitrax range meaning you'll be able to create more and more complex runs while your kids watch and beg for a turn. we see this set as a teaching aid more than anything: give this flux capacitor-packing, gull-wing-doored dmc-12 to a playmobil-obsessed youngling and they'll soon learn just how cool marty and doc's adventures were. it also includes a nifty little einstein dog figure and is, as far as we're aware, the first playmobil set to come complete with a hazardous flight case filled with plutonium rods. the sequel to 2020's smash hit sand-plopper the gotta go flamingo, the turdle mixes up the poo-based fun by... actually, what does it do different? we're not entirely sure. not that it matters. the fun of feeding it, watching it poo some hydrophobic magic sand into a transparent toilet, and then refeeding it those droppings is disgusting enough to keep kids entertained, and it'll repeat what they say in a silly voice, too. super-collectible toys released along with an accompanying cartoon, the way toys used to be, akedo ultimate arcade warriors takes the old rock 'em sock 'em robots concept and dials it up a notch and down a size. put a little dude on each plinth, and smack them together until one is so battered it literally splits in half down the middle. if that doesn't sound like fun, you need your priorities realigned. last year's must-have fashion doll is still a hot ticket. the original six from rainbow high has been reimagined for winter break with outfits inspired by the likes of supreme, gucci and dior. easy to pose, dress, stand and play with, any fashion obsessed kid is sure to love these dolls and want to collect them all. the recent movie has heated paw patrol right back up again, as if it ever truly cooled off - and 2021's best paw patrol toy packs in everything younger kids love. it's motorised, it shoots stuff, there's an exclusive chase figure, and it also includes a dinosaur for, we're sure, an entirely plausible reason. given that we're dealing with a mysteriously-funded pack of somehow-talking dogs that can also drive, perhaps they don't exactly need a reason. another sequel, of sorts, following up last christmas' wildly popular squeakee balloon dog. this time there's more interactivity, with chomping, roaring and breakdancing functions joining the balloon-related gimmicks of the previous generation. this could be the robot of the year - it's certainly a whole lot of silly fun. make sure you pick up some rechargeable batteries to go with it. you can blame lucrative youtube pack unwrapping for the recent resurgence in the pok\u00e9mon tcg's popularity - and there's no better way for kids to get into the game than through the battle academy pack. you get three custom decks, built around charizard, pikachu and mewtwo, as well as a game board which neatly explains the various zones of play. add on a couple of v battle deck packs, and you've got yourself a meta. we're always going to suggest lottie dolls: they're super-cute, brilliantly poseable, and backed by a very solid philosophy. if the glitz and glamour of rainbow high or barbie is too much for you, the lottie young inventor (or the fossil hunter, or kid activist, or esa-approved star gazer) might help convince your kids that there's a lot more to life, and that modest and well made clothes are pretty cool, too. jellycat makes beautiful soft toys. while there are a host of very wacky designs available - think clementines, pieces of toast, octopuses and the like - the delightfully cuddlable bashful bunny line is probably its most iconic product. it's a proven hit with youngsters of all ages, and this new sparkle-eared variety (which also comes in a small version) is an absolute delight. fisher-price's linkimals are pretty neat: they'll play music and jiggle about (both toddler mainstay features) but they'll also join up with other linkimals so you can build an interactive network of creatures. parents might wish to think twice about whether they'll actually want a noisy toy like this around; aunties and uncles, though, should absolutely inflict one of these on their siblings. t3 magazine's own gadget guru is a 25-year veteran of the tech writing wars, and has the scars to prove it.\u00a0he's written for the uk's biggest technology publications, and knows everything from smart doorbell voltage needs to how to bend windows to his every whim. the body smart's 'eyes closed mode' is for those preferring to be more discreet, or people who dare not look. by matt kollat\n\u2022\n\npublished 18 april 23. the electric \u2018performance suv coupe\u2019 is polestar\u2019s quickest car yet. by alistair charlton\n\u2022\n\npublished 18 april 23. after amazon sold out, i've found a free shipping way to get hold of this lego harry potter advent calendar before december begins. by mike lowe\n\u2022\n\nlast updated 26 november 22. nerf guns are perfect for blasting around the home and garden, and these are the best you can buy. by pete jenkinson\n\u2022\n\nlast updated 9 january 23. meet the best board games for family, friends or couples \u2013 all explained for beginners and for a range of budgets. by matthew bolton\n\u2022\n\nlast updated 24 february 23. the best water pistols will make your friends scream \"h2-oh no!\". by robert jones\n\u2022\n\nlast updated 9 january 23. the best lego sets are fantastic fun for kids and adults. discover the joy of sets, with our picks for the top of the blocks. by matthew bolton\n\u2022\n\nlast updated 24 february 23. this cute character from the mandalorian has all the moves. by sarah griffiths\n\u2022\n\npublished 10 december 20. the best cheap board games provide hours of fun without breaking the bank. by matthew bolton\n\u2022\n\nlast updated 12 january 23. it's time to pass go for good with the best monopoly alternatives \u2013 board games with the same feel, but even more fun. by matt thrower\n\u2022\n\nlast updated 9 january 23. t3 is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site. \u00a9 future us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street new york, ny 10036. making the world a better place to play!\u2122. here at the toy guy, like santa, this is the time of year we prepare for the other nine months of the year. we look at literally hundreds and hundreds of toys every year, play with a bunch of them, and talk to kids and parents about what they want. after a couple of years of pandemic, we wondered if things would be different. happily, the answer is no. in fact, there\u2019s more creativity, more value (both financial and play value), and the only changes we see are for the better\u2026at least where play is concerned. the one that excites us the most is that as a result of children and families spending a ton more time together, more people are playing, and playing together, more often. and that\u2019s good news. this is probably a good place to talk about how important play is for kids and families. it\u2019s recreation, an escape from daily cares. it\u2019s communication, a chance to encounter one another in a shared activity. it\u2019s imagination, and we could write a whole thesis on how important that is for so many aspects of life. and, most importantly, it\u2019s fun. and, when you consider how much you get from great toys in terms of those benefits, they really are very economical. that\u2019s because the most sophisticated technology driving all aspects of play is the human brain. and every player comes with one pre-installed. how that technology works in play is nothing short of amazing\u2026all the time. so, before we get in to talking about some of the coolest toys we\u2019ve found this year, let\u2019s take a look at a couple of new and continuing trends:. yes, lots of news media is talking about inflation, but don\u2019t let that scare you. will toys be more expensive this year? some will. that\u2019s because of increased prices of materials, shipping, marketing, and so forth. from what we\u2019ve seen, though, that doesn\u2019t appear to be more than 10 percent. compared to some staple goods that have gone up as much as 30 percent or more in the past year, that\u2019s not bad. moreover, regular price increases are pretty much part of the game every year. (recent reports at the beginning of november from tracking company npd, puts overall inflation in toys at 7 percent, only slightly ahead of a regular year.). does overall inflation mean that gift givers may have less to spend? it may, and that\u2019s an important issue. here again, though, the toy biz can help. while there will always be some expensive toys (and this year, we think they\u2019re really worth the money.), many hot toys are very reasonably priced and deliver lot of fun. particularly for younger kids, too, the level of fun and entertainment is not always directly related to price. ask any kid who\u2019s had a sword fight with a stick, or created a fort out of a cardboard box, or some such, about that. the challenges of 2022 in terms of shipping were enormous. many of those issues, however, have worked through the various systems, and there is good stock on the shelves. of course, we always advise that if you know what you want and you can get it, go ahead and buy early. you\u2019ll save yourself a lot of stress. the advantage of online shopping is that, you can almost always find what you want, but you may also pay a premium for something. that\u2019s your decision, of course, but we always advise against paying many multiples of a product\u2019s price. we think that sends a bad message to kids, and can blow your budget in ways that aren\u2019t great. this is something we talk about every year. as we have said for decades now: \u201cthe hot toy is only hot if it\u2019s hot for your kid.\u201d a toy that a child will play with, that will inspire imagination, and create memories is the best toy you can give a kid. as we also say, every kid has their own play style. giving kids toys that let them express and explore their own unique personalities is the best gift you can give. now, before we get into these, we do want to preface this with saying that what we write about here are toys that are new for this year. these are the cool ones you may not have heard about\u2026or you may. there are more than 160,000 toys on the market in the u.s. at any given time, so the choices can be a bit overwhelming. still, looking and shopping is a kind of play experience in itself. if you have a local toy store, they have been doing more and more since the pandemic, and more people are discovering them in their communities. plan a trip and prepare to be delighted. squishmallows from jazwares\n$5.99-$34.99\nbirth and up\nwhere to buy\nthey\u2019re the hottest toys of the season. these adorable, squishable creatures were first introduced in 2017, and they\u2019ve become synonymous with cuteness, collectability, and charm. whenever you need a hug, grab one of these colorful characters, and you\u2019ll find you feel better almost instantly. there are more than, 1000 to collect each with a unique look and style. they\u2019re for people of all ages, and avid collectors have dozens of them\u2026or more. a great gift for: fans, collectors and anyone who could use an adorable cuddle buddy. lego city smashing chimpanzee stunt loop from the lego group\nages 7 and up.\n$69.99\nwhere to buy\nmarvelous mayhem! so, this is the kind of great, active play that will keep kids laughing and playing for hours. add to that lego quality and design, and you\u2019ve got a can\u2019t miss hit. well, actually, you can miss\u2026when you chase the loop that is. it may take a few tries to get the car around the loop and smash the rampaging chimpanzee, but that\u2019s the whole point. this is classic play elegantly interpreted, which is exactly what we\u2019d expect from the lego group. plus, it interacts with, and connects to,\u00a0 other lego city sets, so you can keep expanding the play.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0kids who love construction, vehicle play, competition, and challenge. magic mixies crystal ball from moose toys\nages 5 and up.\n$79.99\nwhere to buy\nlast year, the magic mixies cauldron was one of the most popular toys of the year. we wondered how they could even improve on it. but they did. you won\u2019t believe the \u201cmagic\u201d of this toy. the crystal ball looks clear, but wave your spell casting wand, and it fills with magic mist. when the mist clears, you\u2019ve revealed a magic mixie, a cool friend who can tell fortunes and interact in different ways. plus, you can make your mixie appear and disappear over and over again. (it also doubles as night light with an automatic shut off.) the crystal ball takes sis aa batteries, and the wand takes two aaa batteries.\u00a0pro tip: although the toy is designed for repeat use, this mist can cloud the ball on repeated use. a quick wipe with a cloth or paper towel will make it clear again! a great gift for:\u00a0kids with big imaginations who love magic, performing (who doesn\u2019t want to watch this?), and playing plush friends. cocomelon my boo boo jj and cocomelon my friend cody from jazwares\nages 2 and up.\nboo boo jj $34.99; my friend cody $21.99\nwhere to buy\nif there is a toddler in your world, chances are you know all about cocomelon, the adorable kids\u2019 property that\u2019s one of the biggest hits we\u2019ve seen in a while. sweet, fun, and with totally great music that appeals to the youngest kids. the toys have been hot sellers, and new this year is my boo boo jj, a stuffed toy that lets kids play doctor and take care of their buddy\u2019s boo boos. the \u201cinjured\u201d areas light up so kids know just what to treat. my friend cody is jj\u2019s best friend, and he plays \u201ccody\u2019s special dinosaur day\u201d when his tummy is pressed. these are great make-believe pals for kids.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0little cocomelon fans with big imaginations. pixobitz studio from spin master\nages 6 and up.\n$29.99\nwhere to buy\nwe have to admit we had a really great time playing with this. it\u2019s a patented, 3-d crafting system that let\u2019s kids design, make, and share pixelated creations. (it\u2019s a style kids know and love from games like roblox and minecraft, among others.) now that blocky design sensibility is right in kids\u2019 hands. the bitz are like pixels, and you design and stack, using templates or whatever you come up with. then, place your creation under the dome, spray it with water, and your bitz magically stick together. there\u2019s no mess, not even water. plus, you can decorate your finished creations with water-activated decals. we found it very relaxing to play with, and it\u2019s fun to stack up the blocks. here\u2019s our pro-tip: since you\u2019ll have multiple layers of bitz, spraying each layer as you finish it and letting it dry gives you the best results. a great gift for:\u00a0kids who love arts and crafts. don\u2019t be surprised if the adults in the house want a turn. playmobil wildtopia animal care station from playmobil\nages 4-10.\n$109.99\nwhere to buy\nplaymobil continues its line of amazing themed sets with wildtopia. it\u2019s an adventure set in the colorful amazon rainforest where kids can pretend to care for local animals. there is a ton of fun and imagination, as you\u2019d expect, from these gorgeous sets, but there\u2019s also some engaging information about the diversity of the planet, animals, nature, geography , and sustainability. there are online apps and qr codes that unlock lots of things to engage kids\u2019 curiosity and imaginations. this is the biggest of seven sets in the entire line. because sustainability is important to many toy buyers today, they\u2019ll be happy to know that these sets are made of 80 percent recycled plastic, and all packages and instructions are made from 100 percent recycled materials.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0playmobil fans, and kids with big imaginations who love animals and are curious about the world. that girl lay lay singing doll from just play\nages 3 and up.\n$20.99\nwhere to buy\nthis really gorgeous doll is based on the hit nick show of the same name. lay lay is a phone avatar who comes to life as a human. it\u2019s a super creative show with lots of music and fashion, and we just love the concept. it\u2019s a real springboard for imagination. the 11-inch tall doll comes wearing a tiara, sparkly silver shirt, black skirt, socks, shoes, and carries a purple microphone. press lay lay\u2019s necklace charm to hear her sing the show\u2019s theme song. her hair comes in two curly poofs but can be restyled in fancy updos or left in long curls. her outfits \u2013 including her mix-and-match kicks \u2013 are interchangeable with doll clothing from the that girl lay lay fresh fashions wardrobe (sold separately).\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0fans of the show and terrific, colorful dolls. wordle the party game from new york times games and hasbro\nages 14 and up.\n$19.99\nwhere to buy\nthe solo digital game sensation is now an in-person party game. the play is the same: you have six chances to guess the secret word. in this case however, you play in rounds against other people. on each round the host picks a 5-letter word. players guess words, writing them in the five spaces on their wipe-off boards. after each round of guessing, the host indicates which letters are in the word but not in the right place, or in the right place, using yellow or green transparent squares. the player who guesses the word in the fewest tries wins and gets fewer points. play as many rounds as you like, but at the end, the player with the\u00a0lowest score is the winner. it\u2019s a pretty ingenious way to play this hit game, irl, as they say.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0board game fans, word game fans, and, of course, wordle fans. ziplinx hi fly set and triple tower blast from blip toys\nages 6 and up.\nhi fly set $19.99\ntriple tower blast $44.99\nwhere to buy\nomg, where has this toy been? well, no matter. we\u2019re so glad it\u2019s here now. imagine cascading dominoes meets designed chaos, and all in a colorful, explosive experience where the pieces fly up to three feet in the air. pandemonium! and it\u2019s so much fun. the basics of the system are x-shaped pieces that can be closed up (they\u2019re powered by rubber bands.) and linked together. lay them out in whatever configuration you like. then, when you\u2019re ready, hit the plunger, and your whole design flies into the air. it\u2019s hilarious. what\u2019s cool about this, too, is that your pieces won\u2019t pop early, so you have plenty of time to be creative before you put in the launcher key. lock. load. launch. we think this is one of the best adaptations of classic fun we\u2019ve seen in a long time, and it\u2019s so easy to do.\nthe two different sets let kids build all kinds of imaginative creations. the difference is the number of pieces, and the triple tower enhancement. a great gift for: kids who love creative play and big dramatic reactions, construction fans, and everyone at thetoyguy.com. black panther: wakanda forever fresh fierce collection from world of epi\nages 6 and up.\n$49.99\nwhere to buy\nmarvel\u2019s black panther: wakanda forever\u00a0is one of the most anticipated movies of the holiday season. dr. lisa williams, who was one of the pioneers in creating authentic ethnic diversity in contemporary dolls partnered with marvel to create three dramatic and beautiful collectible dolls based on the movie. the three powerful female warriors in the line feature the lead characters shuri, okoye and nakia in 11.5\u2033 dolls with skin tones blended to match the on-screen representations, costume reproductions, and playable battle accessories. designed primarily as collectibles, these dolls can also be played with, but they make a dramatic statement that fans of the movie will relate to and want to display proudly.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0fans of the movie, marvel fans, and doll collectors. lego friends main street building from the lego group\nages 8 and up.\n$159.99\nwhere to buy\nokay, this is the wow present of the year\u2026at least if you\u2019ve got a lego friends fan on your list. this absolutely stunning main street set has 1,682 brilliantly colored pieces. it comes with 8 characters, 4 animal figures..and a moving truck. when assembled, there are three buildings on the block including apartments, hair salon, food market, and bookstore/caf\u00e9. this is make-believe urban living at it\u2019s very best. kids who love building and playing and who love creating realistic life narratives with all the characters will find this endlessly inspiring. plus, the buildings can be completely customized so kids can really have a design for living.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0lego fans, imaginative kids, and kids who love creating their own imaginary adventures. disney kingdomania expandable game, series 1 from funko games\nages 6 and up.\n$9.99 and $22.99\nwhere to buy\nwe are really excited about this game. the great game designers at funko games and the design geniuses at funko proper have created a great playing expandable game that combines strategy and characters. there are 40 playable figures in series 1, including ultra rare \u201cglitch\u201d figures and new interpretations of classic characters from all your favorite disney stories. start with the larger starter set or purchase the blind ball sets. each comes with cards, clear instructions and characters. it\u2019s great for solo play or competitive play with multiple opponents. and, great for family play, games take only about 15 minutes. disney fans and collectors will also want these cool characters. best of all, it\u2019s a great value, and you can expand your collection as interest and budget allow.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0gamers, disney fans, collectors. peppa pig toniebox starter set from tonies\nages 3 and up.\n$99.99\nwhere to buy\nvisitors to the toy guy know how much we love this whole line of products. it\u2019s screen free storytelling in a huggable box. sounds simplistic we know, and it is to an extent. when you place a tonies figure on the box, you unlock all kinds of great content including stories, interactive reading, and much more. the line includes all kinds of favorite characters from cocomelon to disney to paw patrol, and many more. the newest introduction is the adorable peppa pig set on a pink toniebox. (other tonies figures will work with it, too.) given how incredibly popular peppa and family are, this is a great idea for the fans. as always, high quality production and age-appropriate content make this a great choice. note: the peppa pig toniebox is exclusively at target, at least for now.\u00a0a great gift for: peppa pig fans, of course, but any kid who loves listening to stories. fisher-price thomas & friends launch & loop maintenance yard from mattel, inc./fisher-price\nages 3 and up.\n$49.99\nwhere to buy\nthomas and friends are still a preschool favorite. the gentle stories and imaginative world of sodor has a timeless appeal that\u2019s perfect for kids. this set delivers a lot of play and a lot of value. t has more than 16 feet of track that recreate the loop de loop kids see in the show thomas & friends all engines go!\u00a0we\u2019re not sure why, but there\u2019s something about loops that completely fascinates kids. once their on their mission, they can use carly the crane to complete the track and help thomas make his delivery. this works with all the other fisher-price sets, except the wooden railway. we love this for the great, immersive, narrative-based play.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0thomas fans, and kids who love building and playing and lots of imaginative opportunities. pinxies butterfly hot air balloon from luki lab\nages 6 and up.\n$29.99\nwhere to buy\nwe really love this line of toys. it\u2019s gorgeous, open-ended, creative play that fires up kids\u2019 imaginations. take flight with the character koral in this large, buildable hot air ballon that has detailed graphic panels, lots of colors, stickers, and more. the pieces work with all the pinxies sets, and the whole line has been stem authenticated. and, as a bit of an easter egg, can you figure you the story hidden in the panels? we think kids will get a kick out of looking for it.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0imaginative kids who love building and have active imaginations. cry babies first emotions from imc toys\u00a0\nages 18 months and up.\n$59.99\nwhere to buy\nwe love the cry babies line of dolls. they\u2019re beautiful, whimsical, and packed with features\u2026all at a very reasonable price for the play they deliver. the first emotions doll is the most lifelike yet. there are two dolls in the collection: dramy and jassy. the dolls make more than 65 realistic expressions and baby sounds. they have interactive accessories like a pacifier, rattle, and bottle that encourage classic nurturing play. she laughs, cries, sucks, and even cries real tears. (well, real water.) one of the things we really like about this doll is the way in which the emotions are really recognizable, and while kids who will play with it are too young to fully comprehend these emotions, they do become familiar, and the timeless nurturing play is very realistic and responsive, which helps kids develop their understanding at the earliest age. this is one of the best classic baby dolls we\u2019ve found.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0kids who like classic, nurturing doll play and role-play as parents or caregivers. nerf elite 2.0 motoblitz cs-10 blaster from hasbro, inc.\nages 8 and up.\n$44.99\nwhere to buy\nthere are lots of blaster fans out there who love the active adventure play that is the hallmark of nerf blasters. great design, high performance and lots of competitive and active play are what these are all about. this new blaster combines what the company calls \u201cairblitz action\u201d\u00a0 with \u201cmotorized mayhem.\u201d it\u2019s the ultimate performance flexibility however you want to play. use pump action to release a swarm of six darts at once. then if you want to power up the play, use the motorized blasting to fire 10 darts super fast. the blaster takes the high-performance nerf elite darts, and you can customize the blaster, using the tactical rail, with other nerf accessories. as always, nerf darts deliver soft, safe fun, and be sure to use care when blasting in a competitive situation.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0nerf fans. kids who like active, competitive play\u2026and more than a few adults. after all, the nerf fan base number in the millions. (we\u2019ll take one of these at the toy guy, as well, santa.). tamogatchi nano from bandai namco\nfor ages 8 and up.\n$19.99\nwhere to buy\ntwenty-five years ago, tamogatchi, the original virtual pet took the world by storm. in the past quarter century, it\u2019s become a classic brand\u2014and play pattern. for 2022, bandai namco has introduced new collectible versions\u2014tamogatchi nano. they\u2019re tiny but pack a lot of play. what\u2019s different about these is that you\u2019re not raising a pet so much as you\u2019re playing games with favorite characters. you can find versions based on disney/pixar\u2019s toy story and the animated characters based on the korean pop group bts called tiny tan. (you actually do raise these characters, and they transform based on how you play with them. just like the originals, the nano units are on a keychain, which makes them great for play virtually anywhere. (get it?) a great gift for: toy story fans, bts fans, kids who like handheld games. rukusfx from just play\nages 6 and up.\n$49.99\nwhere to buy\nyou won\u2019t believe how much fun this is until you get your hands on it. it\u2019s an incredible music and sound maker that creates masterpieces with your movement. with 4 simple moves : punch, swipe, twist, and flick as you hold it in your hand,\u00a0 creators can mix customized dj-style music tracks. the unit comes pre loaded with 120 music tracks,\u00a0 80 built-in sound effects, built-in microphone, and led lights. upload and mix hit songs from favorite artists and record performances for social media. this is great for solo play, co-play, and, of course, sharing on social media.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0music fans, creative kids, and kids who like to make and share videos. play-doh kitchen creations ultimate ice cream truck playset from hasbro\nages 3 and up.\nwhere to buy\nit\u2019s the coolest (make believe) ice cream truck we\u2019ve ever seen! we love how it inspires imaginative play as kids create play-doh versions of their favorite treats. there\u2019s a\u00a0soft serve machine and scooping station, a place to top off your creations with the\u00a0 sprinkle maker, tools, and molds, and check out customers at the register. it\u2019s a lot of play packed into a three-foot tall truck. this is a great, new take on the classic play kitchen, one that will have kids yelling, \u201csweet!\u201d plus, parents will like that it has working doors and a locking bin to keep everything organized. clean up is easy, too, as you can sweep up extra play-doh back into the can.\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0kids with big imaginations who love compounds\u2026and ice cream. it\u2019s creativity and role-play all in one super cool toy. the fresh dolls fresh-finity & the fresh squad platinum collections from world of epi \nages 6 and up.\n$17.99 (girls) $34.99 (boys)\nwhere to buy\nwe\u2019ve been so impressed with this line since we first encountered it. created by dr. lisa williams, these authentic dolls reflect dr. lisa\u2019s commitment to creating dolls for black and brown children (and collectors, too) that allow them to see themselves reflected beautifully in playthings. the diversity and inclusion these dolls represent go beyond fun into an important statement of representation. we\u2019ve repeatedly seen in our culture how fashion dolls do create and reinforce standards of beauty in young minds. dr. lisa, with her impeccable style, and her passion for empowering children has created this line that is both relatable and aspirational. the newest collection has the\u00a0 one-of-a-kind artistic face sculpts, custom blended skin tones, gorgeous facial features, natural hairstyles and textures, body types, and fashion-forward attire. whether you choose this line, any of the other fresh dolls collections, or the stunning wakanda forever dolls mentioned above, demonstrate the need, and power, for strong messages of identity and representation from children\u2019s earliest years. some of these are currently available for pre-order.\u00a0a great gift for: kids who love dolls and will be excited to see themselves reflected in these beautiful dolls. house monsters (whirly and blushy) from luki lab\nages 3 and up.\n$18.99\nwhere to buy\nwe\u2019ve been enchanted by the whimsy of these characters since we first saw them, and they\u2019ve become a big hit. these characters are the friendly monsters who live in the unlikeliest of places in the home. whirly (who lives in the washing machine) and blushy (who lives in the bathroom) bring the collection to eight monstrously amusing plush playmates. each has a personality. for instance, whirly loves colorful socks and is afraid of white shirts. blushy loves soap and is afraid of mirrors. over and above cuteness and cuddle-ability, these characters help kids poke fun of their fears of unknown things and makes the discovery process fun.\u00a0a great gift for: young kids with a sense of humor who will be amused by the silly characters and eager to create imaginative narratives around them. crayola light-up tracing pad from crayola\nages 6 and up.\n$24.99\nwhere to buy\ntracing is so much fun for budding artists and a great way for kids to feel successful and creative as they learn to draw. kids can create cool artwork by simply placing one of the included pieces of paper with designs on the bottom of the tablet and then placing a blank sheet of paper over the top. the bright lights from the pad clearly show the tracing image so kids can follow along. trace photos, magazines, and so much more. (great for school projects, too.) the set includes 1 graphite pencil, 12 short colored pencils, 10 tracing sheets, 10 blank sheets, and 1 graphite pencil. 3 aa batteries required, not included. disney princess playdate maximus from jakks pacific\nfor ages 3 and up.\n$124.99\nwhere to buy\nhe\u2019s the pony with personality, rapunzel\u2019s loyal steed, \u00a0from the beloved disney movie tangled. for 2022, playdate maximus has been redesigned with \u00a0sound, movement and changing facial expressions! pull on the reins, feed him one of three accessories, or pet his nose, and maximus will make chomping and neighing sounds as his expressions change as well! \u00a0and what\u2019s a horse with a messy mane? use the hairbrush and other accessories to make maximums magnificent. standing more than 2 feet tall, and able to support up to 70 pounds, maximus is ready for imaginary adventures as this hilarious horse comes to life!\u00a0a great gift for:\u00a0fans of tangled, horses, and imaginative, narrative-based play. flatbed truck with hot rods hess toy truck from hess \nages 3 and up.\n$41.99\nwhere to buy\nit\u2019s a holiday classic, and it\u2019s back this year for it\u2019s 48th consecutive year of adding fun to the holidays. this years\u2019s hess toy truck is a 3-in-1 set featuring 42 lights, 4 realistic sounds, a pull-out ramp for easy loading and unloading the two hot rods, each with a pull-back motor for flat or wheelie racing! this holiday tradition packs a lot of play, but it\u2019s also been a great collectible since 1964. once it\u2019s sold out, it\u2019s gone. it takes 9 energizer batteries, which are included, and shipping is free. start or continue a tradition with this dynamic and action-packed toy. cake-n-bake challenge from hey buddy hey pal\nages 4 and up\n$29.99\nwhere to buy \nthis is one of the most original, new preschool games we\u2019ve seen this year. and kids can have cake any time they want! the game consists of a cake cut into six different wedges with several layers made of colorful, high-density foam. players draw cards and race to stack their cake slices based on the order on a game card. the first to correctly stack their cake wins a candle, and whoever collects six candles wins and gets to wear the included chef\u2019s hat for the next round.\u00a0a great gift for: this is a fast-paced race game that challenges kids to think fast and act fast. it\u2019s definitely for younger players, but older players will have to think quick, too. plus, there are different cards, like \u201cburnt cake\u201d that change up the action. at this writing, it\u2019s pre-order only, but it\u2019s definitely worth snapping this one up. fire in the hole! from mcmiller entertainment\nages 6 and up\n$34.99\nwhere to buy\nyes, pirates are a thing this year. and in games, too. this game challenges players to get four cannonballs in a row on the pop-up pirate ship. on each player\u2019s turn, they pick a card, and it could be all fire or solo. then take your best shot. the idea is that you have to bounce the ball into one of the compartments on the ship\u2019s deck. get four in a row, and you win. however, because these are pirates, it\u2019s not always that easy. there are all kinds of tricks and sabotages you can play because, well, there\u2019s no honor among pirates. but you knew that. oh, and you get to wear an eyepatch, which can make it eve more difficult to score. a great gift for: we\u2019ve played this game with people of many ages from kids to adults, and they all have had a great time with this.\u00a0worth noting: the game is 100% plastic-free, biodegradable, and carbon neutral, making it one of the most sustainable games available. you wouldn\u2019t expect pirates to be so responsible, would you? mama surprise from moose toys\nages 4 and up\n$64.99\nwhere to buy\nwe\u2019re loving this. it\u2019s classic nurturing play taken to the next level\u2026or back a level if you prefer. like to birth. mama surprise starts out as a soft, realistic, interactive guinea pig that kids can nurture. when her heart lights up, that\u2019s when you know some magic is about to happen. place her in her hutch and get ready for a surprise \u2013 the delivery of three baby guinea pigs over the course of multiple days, each with their own themed accessories: rock n\u2019 roll, preppy and princess. a great gift for: kids who love guinea pigs, nurturing play and will be enchanted by the magically growing family. note: it\u2019s a good idea to set these up so the magic happens overnight, as it takes a while for the baby to be \u201cborn.\u201d. airfort from airfort\n3 and up\n$59.99\nwhere to buy\nkids love forts, and we\u2019ve never seen one this easy or fun to set up and play with. really, think of it as playing under a parachute that stays up just by the flow of air. open up the airfort, connect the regular box fan, and start to play. it inflates almost instantly, and it\u2019s big and roomy underneath for kids to play. there are a lot of different models to choose from, but we tend to like the ufo version a lot. a great gift for: imaginative kids who like to play in a structure. and, because it\u2019s so easy to set up and take down, it\u2019s great for smaller spaces as well. blackbeard\u2019s treasure from vango toys\nages 4 and up\n$19.99\nwhere to buy\nthe key is speed! use your clear plastic key to collect the colored blocks in the order shown on a card. first to complete it gets to unlock the chest\u2014and be treated to a cascade of dubloons. however, pirates being what they are, you only get to keep one coin per winning turn. the rest go back in the chest for the next round. this is a hilarious game of speed, perception and, of course, a dramatic pay off! a great gift for: kids who love action games. it\u2019s also one the whole family can enjoy\u2026because it\u2019s actually a bit more challenging\u2014and a lot funnier\u2014than it seems. doodlejamz brightboard from sky castle toys\nages 6 and up\n$24.99\nwhere to buy\ndoodlejamz have been a big hit as kids create with these\u00a0squish \u2018n\u2019 shape drawing pads draw, blend and separate colors with the squishy gel\u00a0colored beads\u00a0in the doodlejamz jellypics and jellyboards. the brightboard lets kids light up their creations with bright led lights. a great gift for: creative play on the go, or after lights out. it\u2019s also good for kids who benefit from asmr play, such as those on the autism spectrum. hot wheels action spiral speed crash from mattel\nages 5 and up\n$58.99\nwhere to buy\nhigh speed crashing action is the sine qua non of hot wheels play, and this dramatic tower delivers in a big, big way. it\u2019s all about the manic mayhem! standing 29 inches tall, use the boosters to send the cars through the spiral. the more you add, the more inevitable the crashes will be. hence, the more fun. a great gift for: hot wheels fans, toy car fans, kids who like bashing crashing action. (and who doesn\u2019t?) pro tip: use a ton of cars for best results! giant uno from mattel\nages 7 and up\n$19.99\nwhere to buy\nuno has always been big fun, but now we mean that literally. yes, it\u2019s the uno you love playing, but now in a giant size. the cards are three times the size of regular uno cards. the game plays exactly the same: try to be the first to play all your cards. and don\u2019t forget to shout \u201cuno\u201d when you\u2019re down to your last card. a great gift for: game fans, of course, but we think this would make a great gag or novelty gift as well. connect4 hoops arcade game from eastpoint sports\nages 6 and up\n$149.99\nwhere to buy\nthis is a great arcade game that you can set up in your family room and entertain everyone through the holidays\u2026and beyond! take aim at one of the five baskets, and watch as your score ramps up\u2026in connect 4 style. your hoop lights up the backboard above it, and each basket turns on a light\u2026or your opponent\u2019s light. first to connect four lights up, down or diagonally wins. plus, make up your own games and challenges. sturdy construction also folds away for easy storage after playtime. a great gift for: game fans who want an arcade-style, gaming experience in their homes. lots of great co-play as well for the entire family! sink \u2018n sand from spin master games\nages 4 and up\n$21.99\nwhere to buy\nyou probably know about kinetic sand, the crazy compound that\u2019s sand and not sand. it\u2019s moldable and then it drips and drifts in cool ways. it\u2019s been huge for sensory play, and now it\u2019s a great game. insert the rods and pack the sand into the form on the top. place your figures in the sand. then on each turn you\u2019ll pull a rod, and suddenly your character starts to sink. be the last one standing, and you win the round. we love the way the inventors have turned the compound into a game that compounds the fun. a great gift for: kids who love skill-and-action or suspense games. wiggle bugs from play monster\nages 2 and up\n$44.99\nwhere to buy\nget ready to dance and play with this adorable playmate that will drive you buggy\u2026in a good way! glo friends wigglebug features four different, interactive, play modes, and playful glow provide hours of fun for children. do the freeze dance play, open, play, or chill out with the calm mode. the motion-sensing technology of the plush provides interactive play where wigglebug can respond to how your child plays with the plush! a great gift for: active toddlers and kids who will respond to the wiggle bugs fun personality and various, engaging\u00a0 modes of play. holiday poppers from hog wild\nages 4 and up\n$14.99\nwhere to buy\nthey\u2019re the hugely popular (get it?) novelty toys from hog wild, and now they\u2019re all dressed up for the holidays. new this year are the gingerbread man and the nutcracker. place the ball in the mouth, give a squeeze, and send the ball popping across the room. (beats throwing rolls at the table at holiday meals, which the toy guy and his brothers did, but same idea.) colorful, funny, and great laughs. a great gift for: perfect, silly stocking stuffer. mario kart from jakks pacific\nages 3 to 8 \n$369.00\nwhere to buy\nput it in drive and get ready for rockin\u2019 mario action. now kids can get behind the wheel of their own mario kart racer. this ride-on can accommodate a kid up to 81 pounds, and lets them rev it up to 8 miles per hour through 3 forward speeds and reverse. just like in the online world, the car has oversized rear wheels, and daring drives can drift just like in-game. authentic in-game sounds complete the experience with engine sounds and the main theme song from mario kart 8 deluxe, and so much more!\u00a0a great gift for: mario fans who want to imagine they\u2019re driving with their bud, mario in his world. monster jam mega megalodon rc from spin master\nages 4 and up\n$86.97\nwhere to buy\nyou want big? we got big? this romping, stomping r/c vehicle could be the hit of the holiday for some lucky kids. the monster-sized megalodon remote control truck is a powerful, all-terrain vehicle that\u2019s more two feet long and features oversized tires that lets kids perform outrageous \u00a0stunts with a fully functional remote controller, detailed body, authentic bkt tires and look-alike chassis. a great gift for: kids who love r/c vehicles and crazy stunts. little tikes adventure rocket from little tikes/mga\nages 3 and up\n$179\nwhere to buy\nblast off for imaginative fun in this super cool spaceship! kids can pretend to pilot the spacecraft, look through the telescope, and manage it all from the cool swivel chair. sure it\u2019s make-believe, but kids love pretending to have out of this world adventures, and little tikes has created a super cool launch pad for creativity and fun. a great gift for: kids interested in space and role-play activity. droyd blipper from droyd\nages 13 and up\n$529.00\nwhere to buy\ne-bikes are huge right now, and this one is a great investment. this retro-style electric rideable can go up to 12.5mph. there is a bit of a learning curve involved, as kids learn to use the accelerator level to control speed. however, this fledgling company is making an outstanding \u00a0bike that we think will give many years of use\u2026and it can grow with the kid. (they also make a weeler version for younger kids as well.) \u00a0of course, you\u2019ll always want to make sure that kids wear all appropriate protection and ride in places parents designate. a great gift for: kids who want to be mobile! our bikes were our freedom when we were growing up, and the electric bike is a game-changer for today\u2019s kids.\u00a0note:\u00a0we really had to search around to find this at the msrp and in stock for holiday delivery. mega chomp rc shark from skyrocket toys\nages 4 and up\n$39.99\nwhere to buy\nyou\u2019re going to need a bigger floor! sorry for the jaws joke. we think this is absolutely hilarious. the mega chomp is a great white r/c shark measuring almost 20 inches long from teeth to tail. its swishing tail, half submerged body and relentlessly chomping jaws turn any floor into shark-infested waters. it really is a cool optical illusion as the shark comes chomping across the floor. it really puts the (wait for it) teeth in playtime. a great gift for: kids who love r/c cars and have a great sense of humor. plus, it\u2019s super easy for kids to control and a great value price for how cool it is. chicken vs. hot dog from big potato games\nages 8 and up\n$30\nwhere to buy\njust the name is enough to make you laugh, but wait till you start playing. chicken vs. hotdog is a family-friendly action party game where you race to flip or stack the pieces, which they call sling \u2018ems. one looks like a chicken, and one like a hot dog. hence the name. \u00a0if you\u2019ve ever played bottle flipping, you get the idea. split into teams (or go head-to-head), turn over a random challenge card (i.e. \u201csingle flip\u201d \u201ceyes closed flip\u201d or \u201cunder the arm flip\u201d) and attempt to nail that challenge using your chicken or hotdog figure. it\u2019s a silly skill, to be sure, but it\u2019s one that will keep you laughing through the holidays. a great gift for: kids\u2014and families\u2014who like silly challenge games. (and who aren\u2019t going to insist on playing serious touch football like those kennedys in hyannis port.). create a castle buildmaster from create a castle\n6 and up\n$34.99\nwhere to buy\nwait! we\u2019re building sand (or snow) castles indoors??? yep. the company that created the large sand/snow castle molding set has brought the fun indoors using a special compound that lets you build your own castle creations without all that going outdoors nonsense. (kidding!) seriously, though this is all that big fun on a smaller scale. fill the springform molds with the compound. stack them up, and release the molds to create highly detailed castles. add action figures and imagination, and you\u2019ve got an entire play experience. then smash it all and start again. this is so much fun on so many levels\u2026figuratively and literally. disclosure: purchase links are to places that had in-stock availability at the time of publication. the toy guy does not receive any commission or fees if you purchase through those links. we definitely recommend shopping around. prices listed here are manufacturer\u2019s suggested retail prices. in some cases, prices may vary. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. where are the toys available? see links under where to buy. we check those regularly, but things do sell out at this time of year. richard gottlieb and chris byrne are live, and they\u2019re talking about hot topics, hot toys, and the fun of the toy industry. join us as we post new episodes every week! join us on our never-ending playdate! we find the best in toys, some of the best thinking about play, an awesome look back at some of the most significant toys of the modern era\u2014and so much more.\n\nour goal is to spur thought, start conversations...and maybe stir the pot a bit. read on...and let us know what you\u2019re thinking about. we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. toys, toys and more toys. that, in a nutshell, is what makes being a kid fun. well, that and not having any bills. on that note, here is a list of recommended toys for kids of all ages in case you\u2019re looking for some gift ideas. in addition to toys that are a hoot to play, this list also includes a few that double as learning tools to boot as well as some more geeky recommendations that are not toys per se but should still be great for anime lovers. 2022 holiday gift guide:2022 holiday gift guide: tech gift ideas for everyone in your family - technobubble tech. we also personally tested practically every single toy in this list before giving them our seal of approval. whether it be for birthdays, holidays or simply a reward for doing their chores and homework, there\u2019s definitely something here for every child from toddlers to teens. (note: this guide will be regularly updated as we test more products. note that pricing can also change depending on existing sales such as black friday or christmas.). toys that are fun and educational are like having your cake and eating it too. leapfrog\u2019s magic adventures microscope definitely takes the proverbial cake when it comes to that. geared toward kids ages 5 to 7, the magic adventures microscope boasts up to 200 times magnification. that makes it a bonafide microscope despite looking like a toy. the magic adventures microscope comes with several slides that allow aspiring young scientists to get an extra close look at flowers, animals, food, minerals and other various samples. it also comes with reusable slides and a large sample tray for items that you find in and around the house. it\u2019s definitely a great way to encourage kids\u2019 curiosity and get them interested in the stem field. get it during a sale and you can get it for just $63, which is a great deal. what do you get when you cross a skateboard and hoverboard? the answer would be the swagtron zipboard, an electric boosted board that tries to give riders the best of both worlds. the zipboard comes with two wheels that are located in the middle of the board to provide a different feel from the typical four-wheeled electric skateboard, allowing for tight turning and 360-degree tricks. it also comes with self-balancing technology as well as training wheels that can be popped up on its edges for riders who need to familiarize themselves with the zipboard. the zipboard can go as fast as seven miles per hour and its built-in lifepo battery has a range of three to five miles. it can also support riders up to 160 pounds, making it great for older kids and teens as well (the zipboard is recommended for kids age 6 and older). other features include a built-in bluetooth speaker that can connect with your phone in order to play music as well as led lights and a front headlight for added safety at night. get it during a sale such as black friday and you can get a $90 discount off its full price. the box might say age 8 and up but it isn\u2019t unusual to see college kids and even folks in their 30s playing beyblade. in that sense, it\u2019s kind of like pokemon. for the beyblade burst quaddrive cosmic vector battle set, happiness apparently comes in fours. the included mini-arena or \u201cbeystadium\u201d \u2014 no relation to the queen bee, beyonce \u2014 comes with four levels of varying heights, which leads to different positions for battling beyblade tops. meanwhile, the new 4-in-1 tops (this set comes with two of them) can be reconfigured into four different modes to prioritize different strategies such as attack or stamina. trust us, all that technical mumbo-jumbo makes perfect sense to your kids, at least if they play beyblade. add an affordable price and the beyblade burst quaddrive cosmic vector battle set makes for a great gift for any beyblade fans in your household. face the darkness in animated style courtesy of the no face lantern figure by benelic. based on the no-face or \u201ckaonashi\u201d character from the japanese animated film \u201cspirited away,\u201d this small lamp adds a studio ghibli touch to any room. it even comes with a motion sensor that automatically lights up when it detects motion. sloth, after all, is the true mother of invention. the no-face lantern figure stands 6.3 inches tall and is powered by three aaa batteries. here\u2019s some bonus trivia for folks wondering what the japanese (well, chinese, technically) characters on the lamp mean. it actually says \u201coil.\u201d hey, the more you know\u2026. anyway, the no-face lamp would make a great gift for anyone who loves studio ghibli animated movies or even just anime in general. fans of the tv show from dreamworks can cook up some imaginary fun at home with the gabby\u2019s dollhouse cook with cakey kitchen set. this dollhouse-style kitchen stands more than 3 feet tall and comes with a stove, a sink with a dish rack and a toy refrigerator. it also comes with 10 kitchen accessories such as pans, cups and ladles as well as nine food pieces like milk, pasta and veggies. add one cakey figure as well as several sound effects, phrases and music and you have a kid-friendly set that\u2019s cookin\u2019. we\u2019ve also seen this set go on sale for 25% off at retailers such as walmart, amazon and target. the gabby\u2019s dollhouse cook with cakey kitchen set is recommended for children ages 3 and older. here\u2019s a gift that frequently turns heads during romps in the neighborhood. the lascoota sit n\u2019 scoot is a kids\u2019 scooter that can be used either sitting down or standing up, depending on the configuration. add the included seat and it turns into a sit-in scooter for little ones age three or so. it\u2019s like scooter training wheels for little ones. take the seat off and it turns into a stand-up scooter for kids age 4 and older. its double front wheels also make it perfect for teaching kids how to ride a scooter without worrying too much about balancing. all in all, the lascoota sit n\u2019 scoot is a great way to get kids moving while brushing up their motor skills. just be ready to get a lot of looks or even questions from other kids or parents of toddlers. we\u2019ve also seen this go on sale for $43.49. paper or plastic? how about both? the power up 4.0 rc paper plane is another toy that also doubles as an educational tool for the young and young at heart (you know who you are). the kit comes with a frame and motor for the flying rc as well as paper airplane templates that you can use for its wings. creative types, however, can come up with their own wing designs using thick paper, cardboard, foam, balsa wood \u2014 any material, basically, as long as the weight is kept below 20 grams. this makes the power up 4.0 rc paper plane great for teaching concepts such as aerodynamics, physics, design and creative thinking in addition to rc hobby flying. the power up 4.0 is also more accessible than typical drones as it doesn\u2019t require a license to operate or registering with the federal aviation administration. controlling the plane is also done via an app that can be installed on a smartphone or tablet. we\u2019ve seen the power up 4.0 base kit go on sale for $69.99. children are overflowing with creativity. the pixobitz studio set helps channel and encourage that creativity by allowing kids to use their imagination to come up with all sorts of artistic creations. the pixobitz studio set comes with everything that young ones need to come up with their own 3d pixel art. this includes 500 \u201cbitz,\u201d 100 decos, three tools and various accessories. the bitz can then be arranged on a grid and decorated to come up with figures such as small humans or even an assortment of animals. one of the best things about the pixobitz is that it does not require heat to stick together. instead, all little ones need is to spray it with water and they\u2019re all set \u2014 literally. it\u2019s also quite affordable so you can get a set as well as some add-on packs without breaking the bank. we\u2019ve seen the pixobitz studio set go on sale for $20.99 during events such as black friday. if you\u2019ve got a toddler, chances are you\u2019ve heard of the paw patrol. correction, you\u2019ve probably seen the exploits of chase, marshal, rubble, sky and the rest of the paw patrol gang over and over. and over. and over. let\u2019s just say the little kiddos love this stuff. on that note, say hello to the paw patrol big truck pups truck stop hq, a 3-foot-wide transforming playset that can switch from a giant truck to a base for your toddler\u2019s paw-some friends. take a closer look and you will see six vehicle bays with logos corresponding to a paw patrol pup. that\u2019s right, if you also have any of the compatible big truck pup paw patrol toy vehicles, you can park them in the truck stop hq. add the included chase action figure and toy truck plus various light and sound effects and you\u2019ve got the ideal toy whenever your young child imagine\u2019s someone who yelps for help. designed for kids age 3 and up, we\u2019ve seen the paw patrol big truck pups truck stop hq go on sale at retailers like amazon for $64. to quote hagrid, \u201cwelcome to diagon alley.\u201d. little ones can recreate their favorite scenes from the cobblestoned wizarding attraction with the wizarding world harry potter: magical minis diagon alley 3-in-1 playset. the recreation of the iconic alley from harry potter lore includes three shops \u2014 weasleys\u2019 wizard wheezes, eeylops owl emporium and florian fortescue\u2019s ice cream parlour. to further help immerse kids in the wizarding world, the set also comes with two 3-inch figures of two popular characters, hermione granger and fred weasley. \u201cit\u2019s wingardium leviosa, not wingardium leviosaaah.\u201d. oh, wait. that\u2019s a different weasley. each section can be connected interchangeably and also comes with different knick-knacks (21 accessories overall). it also has effects such as lights and sounds, including light-up love potions. the diagon alley playset is for children ages 6 and up. for cost-conscious shoppers, we\u2019ve seen it go on sale for $29.99. ok, so this isn't exactly a toy but this geeky gift should give any japanese animation fan that warm fuzzy feeling \u2014 literally. this item replicates the poster from the \u201cspy x family\u201d anime in soft, fluffy blanket form, making it perfect for curling up during the cold winter days around the holidays. the design features the infamous forger family: dad loid, mom yor and delightful munchkin anya. the blanket itself is 46 inches wide and 50 inches tall. we could attest that the spy x family display at the crunchyroll expo 2022 convention was quite popular and attracted constant lines, so there\u2019s a high chance that if your teen or college kid likes anime, then they might like spy x family, too. folks interested in this officially licensed spy x family blanket can covertly check out the crunchyroll online store for the unclassified deets. note: more recommendations to come so make sure to regularly check back! all products are independently selected by our editors. if you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission. wondering what toys kids will love this year? the top toys of 2023\u00a0lists are starting to roll in, so you'll know just what kids are wanting for christmas. toy deals: amazon's toy sale: get your toy gift shopping done for less! choosing the most joy-inducing christmas gifts for our kids isn\u2019t always easy, so every shortcut is welcome. new for 2023: disney the little mermaid ariel doll, $14.99 / \u00a319.99, amazon. retailers like amazon,\u00a0john lewis\u00a0and macy's,\u00a0and toy brands like\u00a0mattel and hasbro thankfully make it easy with their annual top toys for christmas lists, revealing the toys that boys and girls are most asking santa for each year. fast delivery: osmo little genius starter kit for fire tablet & ipad, \u00a359.99 / $41.99 (was \u00a379.99), amazon. more: 9 toys under \u00a320 to keep kids entertained: peppa pig, lego & more. shop: 40+ best advent calendars for kids: disney, toys, chocolate and more. fast delivery: morphy richards toy kitchen set, \u00a310 / $14.21 (was \u00a320), amazon. with challenges like shortages and delivery issues these days, early online shopping is the way to go to get ahead of the christmas rush. and we're making toy shopping even more simple for you by giving you all the key trending toy lists from retailers and brands for 2023. hot wheels city ultimate garage, \u00a393.74 / $85.73 (was \u00a3124.99), john lewis. top toys 2023\u00a0lists have been unveiled by the likes of hamleys, selfridges and john lewis. and we'll be updating our edit throughout the shopping season, so be sure to bookmark and keep checking back! more gift ideas: check out our latest gift guides for him, her, royal fans, teens and more. in this roundup of both new season toys and the most popular toys from the past year, you'll find red hot buys for lol surprise, paw patrol, playmobil, star wars, barbie and lego. trending: lego creator expert: santa's visit, \u00a389.99 / $99.99, lego. related: 9 best lego advent calendars to countdown to christmas 2023. also included - everything from cutting-edge stem gifts for the science-loving kid in your life to family classic games like monopoly and uno. advent calendars 2023: shop the new christmas countdowns, from beauty to chocolate. you'll find teaching toys about everything from the environment to emotions, star wars\u00a0and cocomelon-themed toys, and interactive pets, too - all big trends for this year. play-doh ice cream truck playset, \u00a374.99 / $75.99 (was \u00a399 / $94.99). so, let's get christmas shopping! mattel, the brand behind such icons as barbie, hot wheels and fisher-price, have come up with a dream christmas top toys list, mattel's 'most coveted gifts', filled with fun. fisher-price little people light-up learning camper, \u00a337.99 / $32.99. designed for children ages one to five, this interactive camping playset includes a push-along camper, and a car to tow it, with flashing lights and 40+ songs, sounds and phrases for fun, imaginative play. the toy has three smart stages learning levels, from counting and alphabet, to learning about the weather and daily routines. barbie\u00a0holiday barbie doll, \u00a336 / $39.15 (was \u00a354.99). 'tis the season for barbie's most glamorous looks - and the holiday barbie does not disappoint, with a poinsettia-inspired red gown and matching strappy stilettos. the collectable barbie includes a doll stand and certificate of authenticity. disney and pixar cars showtime loop playset,\u00a0 \u00a323.79 / $32.99 (was \u00a335). for a whole new generation of cars fans, this fun track inspired by the pixar disney+ series cars on the road features beloved character ivy in a scene straight from the show. buzz lightyear ultimate mission sox robot cat, \u00a354.99 / $79.99 (was \u00a379.99). if your child loves buzz lightyear, they'll be over the moon when they meet his 8in-tall robot sidekick, sox. the hi-tech feline has touch-activated sensors all over his body, speaks, walks forward and backward and moves his head and eyes. sox also comes with six different plug-in data chips so he can provide kid-friendly space info. hot wheels rc tesla cybertruck, \u00a3133 / $142. the hot wheels 1:10 r/c cybertruck is so futuristic! the remote-controlled mini tesla truck, which has working headlights and taillights and reaches speeds up to 12mph, also comes with cyberquad vehicle that can be stored on the open truck bed. these are the 10 toys amazon's experts are predicting will be hot for christmas 2023... crayola colour n style mermaid friends sea salon, was \u00a326.99 now \u00a321.75, amazon. with the little mermaid reboot on the horizon, kids are being reacquainted with the wonderful world of mermaids. this crayola set lets children use their imagination, as well as glitter highlights, braiding clips and hair extensions, to create cool hairstyles in the mermaid hair braiding salon. throw throw avocado by exploding kittens, \u00a324.99 / $14.99, amazon. from the creators of the viral hit throw throw burrito game comes this fun dodgeball card game for kids and adults alike that will really guac your world. jurassic world ocean protector mosasaurus dinosaur, \u00a344.99 / $37.99, amazon. for children in that dinosaur phase, what could be more fun than this fantastic creature from jurassic world: dominion? the toy has a movable jaw and joints, and is made from recycled plastic so it\u2019s environmentally-friendly too. pictionary air star wars family drawing game, \u00a319.99 / $19.99, amazon. pictionary air is taking inspiration from a galaxy far, far away for this rendition of the popular family drawing game. melissa & doug super smile dentist kit, \u00a334.50 / $18.89, amazon. this 25-piece toy set is great for aspiring dentists - or even to de-mystify a dental visit for little ones who are a little hesitant to get in the chair! squishmallows 7.5\" tally the grey cat, \u00a38.99 / $19.99, amazon. loveable, squishable squishmallows, which are available in a whole host of cute characters, are one of christmas 2023\u2019s hottest toys \u2013 and little tally the grey cat is a purrr-fect gift. playmobil city life recycling truck with flashing light, \u00a329.99 / $27.99, amazon. for the child who is obsessed with vehicles - or the environment - this toy rubbish truck with a tilting bed, 2 rubbish collectors and bins will provide hours of entertainment and teach kids the importance of recycling. learning resources mathlink numberblocks, \u00a320.99, amazon. the stars of the award-winning cbeebies series are one of the hottest learning toys for christmas 2023. lego friends horse show trailer, \u00a389.99 / $99.99, amazon. for children that are fascinated with horses, farms or vehicles, this play set is the ultimate in fun with horse figures, a toy car with trailer, a dog and more accessories. selfridges has released its predictions for the hottest toys for christmas 2023, ranging from playroom essentials to scooters and inclusive toys. jellycat bashful bunny, \u00a321 / $25. micro scooter led eco: mint, \u00a388 / $154.99. little omo wooden face puzzle, \u00a327. le toy van vanity table & stool wooden furniture set 92cm, \u00a3120. supersized squishmallows, 20\", \u00a360 / $39.99,. brio 87-piece deluxe railway set, \u00a3250 / $399. lego star wars 75338 ambush on ferrix playset, \u00a370 / $69.99. porsche taycan turbo remote control car, \u00a323 / $49.99. cocomelon bedtime cody musical plush doll, \u00a328 / $22. gabbys dollhouse gabby's purrfect dollhouse, \u00a380 / $79.99. favourite retailer john lewis has released its best toys for christmas 2023\u00a0list, based on the opinions of a very special focus group - kids themselves! a \"panel of tiny testers\" helped come up with this year's top 10... jiggly pets pink pup, \u00a311.99 / $29.99. the boy, the mole, the fox and the horse by charlie mackesy, \u00a320. john lewis wooden pizzeria, \u00a340. i\u2019m a stylist styling head, \u00a340 / $46.25. vtech jotbot, \u00a349.99 / $64.80. lemieux toy pony, \u00a349.99. john lewis wooden work bench, \u00a360. like this story? sign up to our hello! edit newsletter to get other shopping stories delivered straight to your inbox. the top toys from hamley's\u00a0will provide fun all year, from a roller disco peppa pig to the adorable bear in a hoodie. roller disco peppa, \u00a337 / $33.99, hamleys. cocomelon boo boo jj doll, \u00a344 / $44.99, hamleys. one trick pony game, \u00a327 / $20, hamleys. disney pixar lightyear jetpack lift-off buzz lightyear, \u00a360 / $32.95, hamleys. barbie cutie reveal dolls, , hamleys. hamleys bear in a hoodie - panda, \u00a322, hamleys. jumping sumo ralleyz racer, \u00a370, hamleys. check out last year's most popular... barbie dreamhouse, \u00a3199/$224.99. new in 2021, barbie's fully-furnished dreamhouse, which comes with over 75 storytelling pieces, was more jaw-dropping than ever. the home comes to life with music, eight light colour options and four settings, from day mode to party mode. features of the house include a dj booth, working lift and puppy play area with a pool and slide, just like the main house. when can we move in? nerf ultra select, \u00a361.99 / $59.99. nerf is popular year after year, and the fully-motorised nerf ultra select blaster, is still on many a kid's wish list. disney princess ultimate celebration castle dollhouse, \u00a3139.99/$149.99. this fairytale castle is perfect for your little prince or princess\u00a0who dreams of storybook adventures. the four-foot, six-room dollhouse has realistic miniature features like a bathtub, stove and chandelier, and comes with 29 accessories, from a blanket to dinnerware and tea set. there's even music and a window that lights up like a disneyland fireworks show. us department store macy's teams up with toy retailer toys r us for they yearly hot toys list. melissa & doug examine & treat pet vet play set, \u00a330/$32.49,\u00a0macy's. interactive pets are a\u00a0top toy across the board - and here's the perfect complement if they need to go to the vet! the pet vet play set includes everything to examine and treat your furry companion: a reusable examination checklist, neck cone, pretend treatments/ointments and more. also included are a plush dog and cat to get your little veterinarian started as soon as they open their gift. jurassic world stomp and escape tyrannosaurus rex, \u00a341/$44.99,\u00a0macy's. for children aged four and up, this oversized t-rex measuring nearly 22\" long has dinosaur sounds and movable limbs with stomping action for an action-packed playtime. disney princess style collection play suitcase, \u00a339.99/$39.99,\u00a0macy's. for the kid who travels or would love to see the world, this play suitcase with 17 play travel pieces is a dream come true. the pink luggage includes everything they'll need for their imagination to take them\u00a0around the world, including airplane tickets, a passport, eye mask, earbuds & more! national geographic light up air rockets, \u00a329.99/$24.99,\u00a0macy's. among national geographic's popular stem toys you'll find this light-up air rocket kit with a foot pump launcher that sends led missiles up as high as 100 feet. melissa and doug kids' 6-piece good clean fun play set, \u00a336.99/$35.49,\u00a0macy's. whether your little one likes to play house or you just want to keep them entertained while you tidy up, the melissa and doug cleaning playset will provide hours of fun. the set includes a broom, mop, duster, brush, dustpan and storage stand. uno extreme, \u00a321.99 / $54.99,\u00a0amazon. a classic fan fave\u00a0with a twist! a fun random-action card launcher comes into play, shooting cards into the air with light and sound effects. have some serious family fun while kids learn skills such as problem-solving, strategy and pattern recognition. lego duplo my first alphabet truck, \u00a323.99/$24.99. suitable for little ones from 12-24 months, this intro toy to the world of lego is a lovely gift for preschoolers to help them learn their letters from a to z. vtech kidizoom smart watch, \u00a338 /$44.99,. if your child is jealous of your smart watch, you can now get them a realistic one of their own. this vtech kids' smart watch takes photos and videos, and also is equipped with a pedometer, alarm clock, timer, stopwatch and voice recorder. linkimals smooth moves sloth,\u00a0\u00a330 /$29.40, amazon. the linkimals range of learning toys includes various toys \u2013 including the smooth moves sloth that lights up, plays music and more \u2013 for babies and toddlers aged nine months and up. you can also check out more characters from the line, including play together panda, happy shapes hedgehog and counting koala. fisher-price laugh & learn grow-the fun garden to kitchen,\u00a0\u00a3139.99 /$71.51,\u00a0amazon. toddlers can get the garden-to-table experience with this educational and fun toy, which\u00a0includes 30 play pieces, as well as lights and music as kids learn how to prep and plate their own homegrown 'meals'. pictionary air, \u00a314.99 /$18.49 , amazon. this isn't your mum and dad's pictionary! the latest version of the classic game includes a hi-tech pen so you can draw in the air. how does pictionary air work? just download the game app to your smartphone or tablet \u2013\u00a0if you point the in-app camera at the player drawing, you'll see them and their drawing on your screen! fisher-price rollin' rovee interactive musical toy,\u00a0\u00a338/$48.99, amazon. an interactive pal designed with four modes of learning play so it will be one of your child's favourites from aged 6 months to five years. mattel disney pixar cars radiator springs mountain race playset, \u00a344.95/$29.97, disney. disney pixar's cars fans can travel back to the iconic sights and rugged terrain around radiator springs with disney's latest playset! it's a thrilling 2-car race from the top of the wheel well motel, spiraling in and out of a waterfall and through caves and buildings to the finish line: flo's v8 caf\u00e9! lego luigi starter course, \u00a335/$59.99, amazon. l.o.l surprise! omg movie magic studios, \u00a395.45/$119, amazon. lol surprise! dolls have been hot for a while, and the cool toys don't show any sign of slowing down! just check out this incredible movie play set with a dozen dolls, multiple stages and even a green screen. batman giant transforming playset, \u00a399.99/$99.99, amazon. who wouldn't love their very own batcave? this 33-inch tall playset brings batman's hideway to life. squeakee the balloon dino, \u00a339.99/$69.99, amazon. balloon dino, with over 70 sounds and movements, was a major hit for 2021 and is still going strong with shoppers. little live pets got to go turdle, \u00a332.95/$29.99, amazon. also in the interactive pet category we have shelbert the turtle, who is tops in the 'poop toy' trend. you can feed him and he even has a special song for when he has to go. related: the best funny poop toys for kids this christmas. linkimals dance n groove penguin, \u00a324.99/$59.45, amazon. an adorable electronic learning toy from fisher-price's popular linkimals range. geomag classic magnetic construction for children, \u00a323.45, amazon. whether they're building colourful structures or testing new designs, kids will love getting creative with this 52-piece magnetic construction kit. boppi wooden bamboo marble run - starter pack,\u00a0\u00a332.99, amazon. paw patrol transforming paw patroller, \u00a358/$64.99, amazon. we love paw patrol and amazon's sure that kids will love this cool paw patrol vehicle that has sound effects as well as dual vehicle launchers behind its doors. a ryder paw patrol figure and atv are included. spidey and his amazing friends playset, \u00a365/, amazon. fans of spider-man can't get enough of his \"webquarters\" - the perfect backdrop for action packed play with a host of ramps and hidden escape hatches. polly pocket rainbow funland theme park, \u00a339.99/$39.97, amazon. polly pocket's 30-piece playset has everything from a roller coaster to multiple castle play areas. the fisher-price 4-in-1 ultimate learning bot, \u00a339.96/$42.49, amazon. for ages 6 months and up, this engaging education toy is made of three individual bots that combine into an interactive robot pal. there are three smart stages learning levels with fun activities - more than 120 songs, sounds and phrases - to explore. crossed signals game, \u00a321 / $19.99. if you're looking for an exciting game for christmas, this one's right up your street! speed and accuracy are the name of the game as you're challenged to react fast, moving and shaking the light wand according to crossed signals' lightning-quick light and voice commands. one to four players can participate, and the game is for players aged 8 and up. hello!'s selection is editorial and independently chosen \u2013 we only feature items our editors love and approve of. hello! may collect a share of sales or other compensation from the links on this page. to find out more visit our faq page. beauty + personal care. we hope you love our recommendations! some may have been sent as samples, but all were independently selected by our editors. just fyi, buzzfeed collects a share of sales and/or other compensation from the links on this page. just a few things that might make the twos and threes a little less terrible. this set includes adult and baby elephants, pandas, and tigers, a monkey, two birds, two red pandas, bamboo, and a cherry blossom tree! but wait, there's more: a special \"sound brick\" that plays realistic noises. sounds grrrrrrrreat! get it from lego for $99.99. and to avoid some lego-meets-bare-foot catastrophes, here are some of our picks for the best storage bins! promising review:\u00a0\"i love that the toy is self-storing (all the quills fit inside when not in use), and can be enjoyed at many stages of childhood. fine motor skills use to insert the quills into the holes is great for my almost 1.5 y/o, and she\u2019ll eventually be able to sort by color and number. great gift to keep her entertained and learning at the same time!\" \u2014christine. get it from amazon for $11.49. if you're a parent, chances are there is an eric carle book in your child's library, be it \"the grouchy ladybug\" or \"the very busy spider\" or a personal favorite of mine, \"brown bear, brown bear, what do you see?\" i introduced the \"papa please get the moon for me\" set to my 1-year-old and he's totally into it. well, he's totally into destroying whatever i build with it. as an added bonus, the magna-tiles kind of feel and sound like cassettes, which will immediately take you back to the days of your youth making mixtapes. promising review: \"my grandson loves them. my daughter says they are well made & take a lot of toddler boy use!\" \u2014michelle. get it from amazon for $39.95 (available in seven varieties). red & olive\u00a0is a\u00a0peruvian- and american-blended family and a woman-owned business that supports woman artisans through flexible schedules and fair wages for their ethically, handmade dolls and hats. 10% of sales go to starlight children's foundation\u00a0benefitting seriously ill kids all across the united states. the quality of this stuffie simply can't be denied! it doesn't feel mass-produced (because it's not) and has some weigh to it. we named ours tedd\u00e9 (pronounced teh-day) and we're looking forward to her being dragged everywhere by our daughter and being a part of our family. plus, we can't wait to see them both in their matching beanies! get it from\u00a0red & olive\u00a0for\u00a0$88. the set includes 484 pieces and a storage brick. it's designed for ages 4-99. promising review: \"this was such a cute set with many little builds. my 5 year old and 7 year old were able to work on these together without any help. they built out all the ones in the idea book and then asked to print out the instructions to the other ideas on the booklet. i do wish they just included them. set was able to build all these in picture and some remaining for free play. i love that there is plenty of room in the box so i can purchase other sets to add and keep them neat in that sturdy storage brick. that was also a big deciding factor getting this set because of the lego storage bin.\" \u2014legomom. get it from lego for $34.99. these are perhaps the most beautifully designed and interesting set of wooden blocks that's i've ever encountered. i liked them so much i bought them way before my son would even be to use them. having nearly failed my astronomy course in college, i figured this would be a great way for us to learn all about the constellations together as i pretend to know what i'm talking about. so when my kid asks, \"dad, where is orion's belt?\" i won't have to answer, \"around his waist.\". get it from amazon for $27. promising review: \"this toy is about as close to perfect as you can get. it\u2019s a stem toy without trying too hard to be, if that makes sense. it\u2019s easy enough for my almost-three-year old to use the drill and tighten/loosen the screws, but it\u2019s still challenging enough to require adult assistance to assemble, which makes it a great together-time toy. the box converts to a space station (genius) so you are getting a whole lot of toy without so much plastic. the set comes with an astronaut and a space pup, both of which fasten to the inside of the rocket for those erratic toddler-fueled flights to the moon.\" \u2014stephanie. get it from amazon for $15.97. looking for more gifts for that three-nager in your life? check out our guide to toys and gifts for three-year-olds. you know when your brain tells you, \"this might be a bad idea!\" but your gut tells you \"nah, this is going to be hilarious! maybe.\" luckily, my gut was right this time. silly poopy is beyond silly and not poopy at all. it is indeed a poop-ton of fun for the whole family thanks to its infectious song that sounds like it was taken straight from a 1970s game show. best of all, my kid loves it and hopefully, this is the only poop he tries to hide around the house. get it from amazon\u00a0for $12.99. did you know avocados are also called alligator pears and that \"botanically\" they are classified as a berry? well, now you do. get it from amazon\u00a0for $12.49. promising review:\u00a0\"very nicely made product! took 45 minutes to built but well worth the minutes and looks awesome too. excited using it with my kid and being able to multitask all in one area with the chalk board, white board and painting being optimal without the layout mess.\u00a0love that it has the built in clips to dry the painting also the storage area and the shelf to place extra paints.\u00a0really recommend for a long durable product to use and/ or gift.\" \u2014beauty4life. get it from amazon for\u00a0$159.99\u00a0(available in six colors). this was the hit toy in our house coming out of christmas! the kitty and the vac are going to be your family's new favorite musical duo. while the songs it plays are short, they are all bangers with super catchy beats (even the song that's just the auto-tuned cat saying \"meow!). push the cat's head down, pull the vac back, or forward for different tunes and to send it careening across the floor. get it from amazon for $15.99. requires two aaa batteries. get it from amazon for $12.97. promising review: \"so i bought these worried about my 2-year-old potentially eating a crayon and having that toxic kind of stuff in her system. but, i really should have been more worried about my dogs eating crayons which so far they've snagged one and a half of these babies with no health problems for them after, so i'd say that's a major win. what's also fantastic about these crayons is that they are the perfect size for little hands. my daughter just loves to color with them and they color as smooth as crayola and they're not all plastic and waxy like the crayons you get at the dollar store. so i'd definitely recommend these to anyone with a toddler, just watch for sneaky dogs. they'll gobble them up.\" \u2014cassandra s. get it from amazon for $22.95. promising review: \"there are times when you know your kid is going to love something so much that you overlook just how very ridiculously annoying that thing can be? well, i\u2019m sure glad i took a gamble! this toy is not really as annoying as i thought it would be. i haven\u2019t needed to hide it away or remove the batteries. in fact, i\u2019ve recommended it in my mommy group to moms with other toddlers my kid's age. my son has yet to figure out how to change the volume but even in the loudest setting, it isn\u2019t super loud. just loud enough. i can't hear it when he plays with it and i\u2019m in the next room. \u2014captainmaddux. get it from amazon for $12.79. promising review: \"the item is light enough to take apart and move or store. my 2-year-old grandson loves this not just for riding down in the car itself, but he also uses the ramp portion for his own entertainment (i.e., racing his toy cars down it, or trying to use it like a balance beam). it's very sturdy and i feel it is worth every penny spent.\" \u2014pl. shipping info:\u00a0available on\u00a0amazon prime\u00a0with four-day shipping, non-prime shipping options will still arrive by christmas (see amazon's full shipping information\u00a0here). get it from amazon for $139.99. promising review: \"my 2- and 4-year-old love love love it!! it\u2019s both educational and fun and we couldn\u2019t be happier. the only regret i have is that i didn\u2019t buy it sooner. highly recommend :)\" \u2014ashley. get it from bed bath & beyond for $219. for ages 18 months to 4 years. as one reviewer notes, it's technically an alicorn (due to the wings) and not just your run-of-the-mill unicorn. promising review: \"it was super easy to inflate, came with an extra 'plug,' and is cute enough to give a t-rex a cavity. the material is very sturdy\u2026reminds me of what you would make an inflatable raft with\u2026really tough! my granddaughter loves it, even just to sit on and watch tv. the cover is easy to clean (by hand, allow to air dry) and not difficult to put back on and zip. i\u2019m pretty sure it will be around for a long time!!!\" \u2014athena l.stallman. shipping info:\u00a0available on\u00a0amazon prime\u00a0with two-day shipping, non-prime shipping options will still arrive by christmas (see amazon's full shipping information\u00a0here). get it from amazon for $33.99. promising review: \"this toy far exceeded our expectations in the fact it has turned into a fantastic bath toy! at first, our 2-year-old would play with the animals on the floor but we quickly learned she had more fun with it in the tub. it is a great versatile toy for that reason. it is also nice in the fact it doesn't make any noises so she is encouraged to make her own noises for the animals, people, and when the boat moves. this really helps fosters her creativity and imagination.\" \u2014mhardee. get it from amazon for $44.95. promising review: \"best scooter ever! it\u2019s an easy assembly. it\u2019s a smooth ride and the perfect size for a 2-year-old. spend more money and go with the deluxe model especially if your child is only 2. i brought this to the park today and two more of my mommy friends went home and bought their kids these today too! they come in the most beautiful colors. kids are not really taught how to use these, they seem to just get on them and go! it was amazing to see my 2-year-old-take off like a champ!\" \u2014tex_spaceman 12. get it from amazon for $89.99+\u00a0(available in seven colors). promising review: \"this is another great toy by learning resources. i bought this for my daughter when she was 2. now 3, she still plays with it daily. she loves punching the numbers in, but her favorite part is the open button that ejects the spring-loaded drawer. she loves the paper money and the pretend credit card. i can see her and my son playing with this toy for at least ten more years. it is very durable. she has dropped it many times and it hasn't skipped a beat. the plastic is high-quality. i would definitely buy this product again.\" \u2014ecinoderm4u. get it from amazon for $28.49. promising review: \"i saw these and immediately thought: i cannot wait to buy this for my nephew and friend's kid because it's going to absolutely drive the parents insane. unspoken rule of parenthood right? you buy other kids the stuff you know will make a ton of noise. i was not let down. it was delivered to my sister today and shortly after arrival i received the long-anticipated text, \"did you send these devil tools?\" yes, sister, yes i did. i will most definitely be ordering another set for my friend's kid in a couple of weeks!\" \u2014amanda wiley. get it from amazon for $31.99. note:\u00a0mounting hardware not included. wiwiurka\u00a0is a mexican woman-owned business located in\u00a0tepoztlan, mexico that creates sustainable children's toys using\u00a0water-based paints and non-toxic materials that are inspired by pikler, montessori, and waldorf\u2019s educational standards. promising review:\u00a0\"my kid won\u2019t get off this trapeze! he loves it and he is getting so much better at his \u201ctricks\u201d everyday. when we ordered it we hopped it would keep him busy but we never imagined how much time he would spend on it. it\u2019s beautiful, high quality and so much fun. i wished i would have had one as a kid.\" \u2014montserrat k. get it from wiwiurka for\u00a0$75\u00a0(available in five colors). promising review: \"my daughter is almost 4 and has recently gotten into building tents and forts out of pillows. we used my phone to 'make a fire' but i wanted to get her something cute she could play with instead of my phone. this fits the bill and is affordable. it\u2019s cool that you can cut the firewood with the felt ax. the marshmallows are double-sided, one side is uncooked and the other is cooked. it\u2019s also nice that the mat for the fire can double as a picnic pad too. the material seems very durable as well. the box that this comes in is cute and doubles for storage as well.\" \u2014christie. get it from amazon for $18.28. promising review: \"this car is so easy to work as there are only two buttons. my one-year-old has figured it out and giggles while it soars backward in circles. it's surprisingly off-road-able! it can climb over light blankets and other thin things on the ground. this requires batteries so don't forget them! the bright colors are fun and the music/lights are wonderful. it's a little on the loud side, but bearable. the race car driver makes noise when you click him into place and this makes my son laugh.\" \u2014kenneth s. foord. get it from amazon for $18.93. promising review: \"this keeps my son entertained for quite a while. good for developing motor skills. it also looks like a dala horse, which is a symbol of our swedish heritage. very cute and fun toy.\" \u2014larissa. get it from amazon for $84.71. promising review:\u00a0\"my boys do a lot of play-doh play but the stuff dries out so fast. this stuff never dries out and it is easy to manipulate. i purchased the letters and numbers from this company as well. it has actually improved writing skills.\" \u2014eliezer marrero. get it from amazon for\u00a0$14.08+. promising review: \"we all know that with most toys, kids will not stay interested for long. we have had this toy for three months now and my son still enjoys playing with it. he also loves to see the numbers flash on the screen because he will say the number. putting the toy together was super easy and simple, just make sure you buy the required batteries because this toy does not come with them.\" \u2014fran. get it from amazon for $44.99 (available in two colors). promising review: \"these are now my go-to toy if i need my 5- and 3-year-olds to stop tearing the house apart for just five gd minutes. my kids are notoriously hard to impress, but these keep them engaged and occupied for as long as i need. even my dad is enjoying them! well worth the money!\" \u2014lily saxon. get it from amazon for $31+ (available in three colors). promising review: \"my 5-month-old adores this toy. it was the first toy i have ever seen her really love. she smiles at it and can easily push the buttons on its hands and feet. she's not intentionally pushing them yet, but i'm glad they are easy enough that they register when she does. if you hold down the heart, the puppy plays all the songs one after another, and this is currently the best feature. she can just hold it or touch it while it sings...a great toy from baby and beyond. has different stages for different ages...this is a great toy from birth on. it will definitely grow with my baby. my niece is five and still plays with hers on occasion.\" \u2014allison. get it from amazon for $14.97 (available in two styles). promising review: \"this is an amazing learning tool that i highly recommend buying. i am a therapist for kids with autism. my materials get a lot of use from different kiddos, so i can attest from my experience that they are very durable and excellent quality. many of my younger clients are barely starting to speak. this product has motivated them to make animal noises, label animals, count numbers, label colors, request for more, point at the barn they want to open, ask for help to open and close the barns, and sing along to songs with me! there are so many fun and different ways to play with them to target different goals! the animals and barns are so cute! definitely purchase this product!\" \u2014katie. get it from amazon for $11.39. promising review: \"this is one of the best bath toys we have gotten. no issues or concerns with mold. it sticks great to our tiles or our tub. kids love playing with it (and kind of entertaining for parents too lol). my twins are 21 months and we have had it for a few months. highly recommend.\" \u2014srod. get it from target for $17.99. promising review: \"awesome toy for bath time. my baby loves it. it doesn't let any water get in it, so it doesn't get moldy inside. the material is similar to silicone, so it's easy on the baby's gums when he chews it and no risk of it hurting him when he kicks around in the tub! totally recommend! \u2014aaron ryan welch. get it from amazon for $7.53. bonus:\u00a0includes a xylophone rail that plays a tune as marbles run over it! promising review: \"this is the third set of these we have bought. our family has so much fun building and exploring together with these. our 5-year-old has started to engineer her own 'mazes.' wonderful for coordination, logic, imagination, and teaching kids to keep trying until you get the desired outcome.\" \u2014julie l. get it from amazon for $98.21. promising review: \"i've had this for over a year and my son still plays with it. the key is to get the expansion pack to rotate the different activities. my son was a late talker (he's starting to pick it up), but one day he was playing with the desk and it would ask him to pick number x and he chose the number. he was consistently picking the right number. he wasn't talking yet but knew numbers 1 through 9. i was a little shocked because this was before we had to send him to daycare. having the extra cards to change out keeps him interested and it helps reinforce what he's learning in school. it's the first thing he plays with when he gets home.\" \u2014islandblue. get it from amazon for $46.98+\u00a0(available in two colors). for ages 12 months to 3 years. promising review: \"if you want to win over your grandbaby, this is the gift! my grandchild was not quite a year old and she loved it. immediately upon opening it, she wanted to get on it. she rocked and rocked on it. she would scoot the thing through the house and climb on it and set and play. surprisingly, her older sister and brother also would sit on it and watch television. it has held up for almost two years while getting rained on, but they still sit on it and it still looks like new and has not faded or broke down.\" \u2014becky harlow. shipping info:\u00a0usually ships within 2\u20133 weeks. non-prime shipping options will still arrive by christmas (see amazon's full shipping information\u00a0here). get it from amazon for $51.95. promising review:\u00a0\"these are fun for kids of all ages. my grandbabies love them because they can hold them in their baby hands. they are brightly colored and flexible. unlikely to hurt anything. older kids like them for the noise they make when they are stretched or closing. they create long chains (they attach to each other) and wild twisty things. all in all, a good toy for this grandma to have in her house.\" \u2014katy. get it from amazon for $7.62\u00a0(also available as a four-pack). promising review: \"colorful, nontoxic play-doh has been great for my son who has many allergies including skin allergies. he has had no problem with these. this keeps him occupied for quite some time, often when i am cooking or cleaning. i played with this as a child myself and have fond memories of it.\" \u2014brandy p. get it from amazon for $7.99. for some more classics that kids will love, check out our guide to toys and gifts for 5-year-olds. promising review: \"my children (ages 2 and 4) love this activity! it keeps them busy at the kitchen table while i make lunch. i enjoy seeing the creative solutions to the problems they set up for themselves. ('i am going to make a dog!') the blocks are a nice size for little hands, the colors are bright, and there are no rough edges. the cards have interesting design problems to solve. one side of the card shows the block pieces needed to create the design and the other side shows the completed design. the product comes in a nice cardboard box with two tins inside \u2014 one for the blocks and one for the cards.\" \u2014b.s. get it from amazon for $15.99. promising review: \"my daughter and i learning how to play the guitar together. even if we don't become rock stars the quality time we are spending together is all the justification i needed to make the purchase. the strings are perfect for her little fingers.\" \u2014jspriggins. get it from amazon for $89\u00a0(available in six colors). promising review: \"if you love unique toys that require no batteries, look adorable, make cool sounds, inspire the imagination, feel soft and fuzzy, and are super easy to clean...you will not be disappointed with these innovative new blockaroos! i\u2019ll definitely be picking up a few more sets!\" \u2014lesley sullivan. get it from amazon for $39.99+ (available in six styles). promising review: \"my son plays with it for up to 15 minutes many times a day. i never get sick of the songs. like another reviewer said, it's the perfect size for the baby to use as a counterbalance while learning to sit up. every baby/parent needs this toy. if they came out with another cube with new songs/instruments i would buy it in a heartbeat!\" \u2014kevin. get it from amazon for $28.99. promising review: \"this is the perfect scooter for a 1- to 3-year-old. when my son was learning to stand/walk, he'd use this as a walker by grabbing the handles and pushing it around. sometimes he'd push from the back and scoot on his knees. he learned how to get on and off by himself after a year old. now he can scoot. pretty soon (when his legs grow a little longer) he'll get the idea and can really go!\" \u2014muffin. get it from amazon for $68.89. axel adventures is an etsy shop and family run online toy store established in 2020 and based in nevada. promising review: \"the flowers are a big hit, and arrived on time!\" \u2014dean. get it from axel adventures on etsy for $27.81. promising review: \"the wood is excellent quality and very nice and smooth. magnets are strong enough but not too strong. i actually like that the magnets are not on every single side because it teaches the kids to use their brains and troubleshoot. i do wish they were a little more affordable so we could get a large set, but understand why. the quality is definitely there. thank you for providing a fun, toxic-free toy!\" \u2014dorothea gerber. get it from amazon for $30.15+ (available in five different sets). requires four aa batteries. promising review: \"i bought it for my son's birthday. so far so good. he's obsessed with the vacuum cleaner. this one seems to capture his attention!\" \u2014miss t. get it from amazon for $23.99+\u00a0(available in two colors). select a cape and add on options like a mask, wristbands, and a belt and then personalize it by choosing the cape color, shape and shape color, and letter and letter color. capes and more is an etsy shop founded in 2014 that makes original superhero capes for kids and adults. promising review: \"we love this cape! i got this for my 15-month-old because she loves taking my dish towels and trying to put them on as capes. the cape is a little big for her yet lengthwise, but she still loves it! :) and it came so fast!\" \u2014katelyn maxson. get it from capes and more on etsy for $20+ (available with accessories). when i first discovered clixo i thought, \"wow, that's something i haven't seen before. i bet these will be different than other building toys.\" not only are they different, but they're super fun and satisfying to play with (that click the magnetic parts makes just sounds and feels so good). maybe when i'm done \"testing\" them out, i'll actually let my kid take a shot at playing with them. get it from clixo for $29.99 (available in three colors). promising review: \"my toddler is in a cow phase. not an animal phase. not a farm animal phase. just a cow phase. and i'm not sure why but there are a lot of places that cows appear in movies, commercials, and tv shows, so he was into this whole cow thing and was walking around with our kirkland milk container because there's a cow on it. i thought this isn't that practical, i should get him a toy cow. so i did and he loves it. it's kinda heavy so if you're kid is a thrower or hitter with their toys, it's a good idea to be very clear with them about what the cow should not do because you don't want to have to deal with a concussion \u2014 yours or someone else!\" \u2014sara m. get it from amazon for $16.01\u00a0(available in five styles). looking for a wider age range? check out our guide to toys and gifts for 8-year-olds. promising review:\u00a0\"as a professional photographer and father, my children are always making arduous attempts to get ahold of my equipment or mimic my camera use...upon receiving the cameras, i was dazzled with the overall packaging and presentation. the box includes a microsd card with a full-size sd adapter, a lanyard and camera.\u00a0i was very impressed that a microsd card is included. a lot of products continue to ship without them, charging an additional hefty fee...the cameras are made of plastic but are very rigid and durable.\u00a0i would have liked to have seen a better display image, but for the price and demographic these cameras are marketed for; it is perfectly acceptable, and the children love them...another notable feature of this camera is the ability to record video. this is not something you usually find in a child\u2019s toy, especially at this price point.\u00a0my children are obsessed with this function and find themselves creating stories and snippets from their day-to-day activities and adventures...i would strongly recommend this camera for children looking to explore their creativity and increase their technical skills, while becoming familiar with the ergonomics and functions of basic camera operation, composition and lighting...you can tell a lot of thought and engineering went into the design of this camera.\" \u2014nolen ryan. get it from amazon for\u00a0$36.99\u00a0(available in six colors). get it from amazon for $18.19+ (available in five styles). promising review:\u00a0\"i don't write reviews often but we have had this for two days and my boys (3 and 5) woke up at 6:30 a.m., ate breakfast and got dressed and hustled outside on a gloomy rainy mid february morning in seattle to play with this. they normally fight over whose turn it is, but instead they have been taking turns and playing like civil humans for an hour already. best toy ever, bought a second one already so they don't have to share because there's only so long siblings can go before someone throws down.\" \u2014rk. get it from amazon for\u00a0$49.99\u00a0(available in two styles). promising review: \"got this for my 3-year-old grandson, he absolutely loves it. the bat is light, easy to swing. he can set it up and pack it up all by himself.\" \u2014d. davis. get it from amazon for $20.99. promising review:\u00a0\"a great gift-able tin that offers easy clean up (everything goes right back in the tin). you will be surprised how much kids love a simple toy like this. they will put down the video game and actually build something in real life.\u00a0 plus, it adds a little nostalgia when parents or grandparents remember playing with the same toy as children. very happy with this purchase.\" \u2014amazon customer. get it from amazon for\u00a0$39.99. promising review: \"i purchased this specifically for my best friends' kids and they love it! they also enjoy the included mailbox and envelopes to deliver! if you're searching for a ride on that sparks imagination, then this one is a great choice! i've purchased ride-ons before but none of them had the advanced features that this product does. not only does it have working headlights and a horn, but it even has a fm radio/mps player input! the tires seem to have decent traction too. the instructions for assembly were clear. some of the parts came pre-assembled, such as the spacers on the wheels. (so if you think you are missing a part, simply double check the product pieces.) it feels sturdy and will work really well for the recommended ages!\" \u2014amazon customer. get it from amazon for $285.93+\u00a0(available in two styles). \"1-2-3-4-5-numberblocks!\" is a theme song that i hear multiple times a day and have still somehow not tired of. why? because my kid loves it and so do i. maybe it's the catchy tunes, maybe its the british accents, but this show gives every number a personality (some of my favorites include 8, 13, and 15 but you'll have to watch to find out why). so it's no surprise that the toys based on this show are just as fun and educational. i wish i learned about numbers and math this way instead of through flash cards and times tables. lucky kids! get it from amazon for $24.99. promising review: \"this toy is perfect. it's self contained so the only loose pieces are the two trains. set up is a matter of attaching a piece of track to the side. it's so much fun. you push, pull and turn the levers to keep the train moving. my grandson is three and we played with it for quite a while. it's very portable. i can't say enough about this toy it is a great idea.\" \u2014s. hillebrand. get it from amazon for $39.99. promising review: \"my kids love this bluey house. it was cheaper to buy this set than the house on its own with the separate barbecue and family sets. my kids play with it all the time and they can be a little rough on the toys. they\u2019ve held up extremely well although we\u2019ve only had the set for a couple weeks. mine was packaged in a separate box so the contents were hidden (which was great since my kids always come with me to the door).\" \u2014jmb. get it from amazon for $59.99. also great as cake toppers and party bag favors! promising review: \"hi, we were quite amazed at the variety of dinosaurs included in our pack. we expected the usual three but got quite a variety of dinosaurs and we got three or more of each. the colors were fantastic. bright vivid blues and greens and purples. the size was relatively small which worked well as my daughter used them as homemade valentines for her friends. overall, we were very happy with our purchase.\" \u2014h. bowen. get it from amazon for $9.99. includes: wooden tool box, hammer, screwdriver, wrench, three sets of screw and screw caps, board connector, two gears and plastic nail. promising review: \"after watching his dad and me put together his new toddler bed, my son got super excited over 'helping' to fix things, but of course letting him use real metal tools wasn\u2019t something i wanted to do just yet...so i was trying to choose between a plastic set of tools that were cartoonish styled, and this wooden set that was a little more expensive. i am soooo glad i got this set instead! it\u2019s not been out of the box more than 30 minutes, and he has learned how to hammer in 'nails,' take them out again with the back of the hammer, use a wrench and screw driver in tandem to work a 'screw' and 'bolt,' as well as put gears on the side of the kit so that they spin each other. the tools are all very well made but not heavy, so there\u2019s no fear of him breaking stuff if he decides to run around hammering things.\" \u2014khestra. get it from amazon for $19.77. for ages 1.5+ years and a maximum 50 lbs. promising review: \"this is the best thing i\u2019ve purchased for my son in a while. home run. he\u2019s obsessed. he\u2019s 23 months and very active, so i wanted to give him something that would burn some energy that was also safe. he hasn\u2019t stopped smiling and riding this since i gave it to him earlier today. it took me 30 seconds to assemble. i\u2019m just so thrilled i found this.\" \u2014mcs930. shipping info:\u00a0available on\u00a0amazon prime\u00a0with two-day shipping, non-prime shipping options will still arrive by christmas (see amazon's full shipping information\u00a0here). get it from amazon for\u00a0$29.10. promising review: \"we love this pineapple! it\u2019s been a great help for us when we talk about emotions as a family. i really like the feelings poster (would love if it was a bit larger!) and i love that the pineapple has two sides. learning resources products are impressive! i also appreciate the online resources they have (free printables) that can be used with the pineapple. highly recommend!\" \u2014katie shuknecht. get it from amazon for $9.99. best toys and gifts for 1-year-olds. best toys and gifts for 3-year-olds. best toys and gifts for 4-year-olds. best toys and gifts for 5-year-olds. best toys and gifts for 6-year-olds. best toys and gifts for 7-year-olds. best toys and gifts for 8-year-olds. reviews have been edited for length and/or clarity. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. if you have a toddler in your life, you know they are constantly exploring their world. toddler toys can help them to learn and develop their minds, as well as motor skills. they can also give mom and dad a much-needed moment while baby is occupied playing. that being said, you\u2019ll want to invest in the best toddler toys to keep your baby learning, moving, and entertained. keeping your toddler busy with toys instead of sitting in front of screens can also improve overall development. results of a recent study found that regular physical activity and less screen time is key to developing a toddler\u2019s executive function, including their ability to pay attention, shift between tasks, and learn to make good decisions. your child\u2019s health and safety also must be taken into consideration when purchasing toys. especially when toddlers play and explore by putting things in their mouths. unfortunately, certain plastic toys also leech potentially toxic chemicals. a recent study suggests that over 100 chemicals found in plastic toys may pose health risks to children. our list below is based off of expert reviews and may take some of the stress off of worrying about accidentally bringing something harmful into the home. with all the choices out there, how do you find the right toys for your little one? studyfinds compiled a list of the five best toddler toys for your child to learn and grow with, from ten expert websites.\u00a0as always, we\u2019d like to see your own recommendations in the comments below! this little guy costs about $15 and is a fun way to help your little one learn colors and numbers. \u201cthis hedgehog plays games with kids that develop their motor control, since they involve putting the \u2018spikes\u2019 into the holes,\u201d points out good housekeeping. \u201ceach hole on the hedgehog\u2019s back is numbered to help them learn counting, and the spikes are a variety of colors which are perfect for sorting,\u201d adds verywell family. \u201ceach \u2018quill\u2019 is contoured for an easy grip, so your child can pull it out and rearrange them to their liking,\u201d according to forbes. plus, cleanup is easy! the quills fit inside the hedgehog when playtime ends. maybe you\u2019ve got a budding musician on your hands, or just a child who likes to bang on stuff. starting at $13, your toddler can pound on these drums all day. according to verywell family, it comes with three drum pads, one cymbal, and a pair of drumsticks. \u201cwatching the lights glow and the sounds their movements make will assist in their sensory development. each part lights up and makes its own unique sound, and there are four play modes: follow along, free play, letters, and numbers.\u201d. new york magazine notes it encourages freestyle play, \u201cby basically allowing them to sit and bash away at the flashing drum pads and cymbal whenever they need to blow off some steam.\u201d. \u201cif you\u2019re worried about this being a loud gift, reviewers say it\u2019s actually not as noisy as it seems,\u201d adds us weekly. starting at $16, this 80-piece set of colorful chunky building blocks can bring hours of entertainment to a toddler. these blocks spark creativity and imagination in builds. plus, little hands get used to pushing and stacking the snap together bricks. \u201cblocks never get old, and these are big, so you don\u2019t have to worry about choking hazards or stepping on one by accident,\u201d points out verywell family. \u201cthey can also be used as a sensory toy if you cool them in jello or throw them in a bathtub full of water,\u201d notes pinecones & pacifiers. a product tester for the spruce found one minor snag with the set: \u201cwe did notice that they don\u2019t encourage fine motor skill development in the way that slightly smaller blocks would.\u201d that being said, these aren\u2019t the top choice if you are focusing on specifically developing fine motor skills, but otherwise it is a great toy. speaking from first-hand experience, our daughter absolutely loved this 3-foot plastic slide when she was a toddler. it\u2019s compact enough to bring inside on rainy days too. \u201cyour toddler will love conquering their fears and sliding into a mountain of pillows or piles of leaves,\u201d adds the spruce. for $35, \u201cparents will appreciate how easily the slide folds down without tools and is compact enough for quickie storage,\u201d points out parenting. mom loves best says this is the best slide for toddlers, specifically between 18 months to six years old. \u201cat the top are removable handrails that snap into place.\u201d. for under $20, this colorful carton of eggs will have your toddler sorting, counting and matching.\u00a0\u201cthis pack contains 12 plastic eggs. when opened up, they reveal their number and color. each has a specific pattern of pegs that only suits its other half,\u201d according to mom loves best. it\u2019s great for teaching color coordination. plus, the toy also travels well, so you can keep your toddlers busy on the road. \u201csince the eggs come in a convenient case, you can pack it up and bring it just about anywhere,\u201d adds today. note: this article was not paid for nor sponsored. studyfinds is not connected to nor partnered with any of the brands mentioned and receives no compensation for its recommendations. this post may contain affiliate links. melissa is a freelance writer, based out of new jersey. she has over two-decades of writing, editing, and producing experience for radio, tv, and digital media. view melissa's article archive. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. best fantasy books of all-time: top 5 novels most recommended by reviewersa robot snake could help nasa scientists make contact with alien lifebest pillows: top 5 cozy brands most recommended by expertsbest frozen pizzas: top 5 freezer slices most recommended by experts. use promo code sfship for free shipping. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. updated daily, check out our \"best sellers\" list to see what toys and games are trending! we travel the world searching for quality, innovative toys and games. check out our new releases to see the latest and greatest! we are not just a seller of toys...we design, develop, and manufacture our own award-winning toys, games, and brainteasers - many you won\u2019t find anywhere else! looking for a truly unique gift? check out our name store for original and thoughtful personalized gifts! 2020 has been a challenging year, to say the least. nevertheless, we hope to make your christmas and hanukkah shopping as stress-free as possible! because of covid-19, supply chains have been disrupted across all product categories, including toys. fat brain toys has stocked up early, but we are still anticipating possible shortages as we get into december. plus, we've been warned by our carriers that deliveries could be delayed during the peak shipping season. to avoid the potential for delays, we ask that you please shop early! rest assured, our \"elf crew\" will do their part to get your packages shipped and into your hands as quickly as possible. we appreciate your patronage and wish you and your family all the best this holiday season. happy holidays from the fat brain family! by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. a 20-piece magnetic jigsaw puzzle. a page full of illustrations to color in with the four dry-erase markers. a blank page for endless doodling. plus, a vibrant scene to bring to life with the included magnetic play pieces. say goodbye to boredom! arts & crafts\nmagnets & magnetism\npuzzles\ntravel toys. catch bugs with the vacuum and the net. explore all their amazing details with the magnifying glass. manage your specimens and their habitats with the tweezers. keep everything handy with the accessory clip. the great outdoors becomes your own personal l. outdoor toys\nscience & nature\nteaching toys & tools. pick one of the six animal characters - piggy, horse, cow, doggie, sheep, or rabbit. then, grab the sculpting tools and follow along with the interactive 3d step-by-step instructions to masterfully mold it, one simple shape at a time! \"granddaughter age 8 loved this and immediately began making the cutest pig which she showed off to all. we had given the same one to her sister when she was 8 and got the same response. we'll see if she makes all of them and if so get her another version like birds. great quality clay and colors and good instructions on the app. thank you for this quality craft.\". arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. pick one of the six ocean creatures. then, grab the sculpting tools and follow along with the interactive 3d step-by-step instructions to masterfully mold it, one simple shape at a time. all the while, kids learn real sculpting techniques without even re. \"my son loves these sets! he makes the animals/creatures with the app the first few days (he'd probably do them all at once if we let him) and then loves making his own creations from the leftover clay. the app is great for showing you exactly how to make the animals; with a little focused attention, they were able to create finished pieces that looked very close to the examples! appreciate the addition of the two tools in the new ocean and forest sets!\". arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. kids start their outer space adventure by painting the pre-cut planets with the eight included paints. then, use the nylon thread to hang everything from the mobile, along with rockets, comets, and other celestial objects. the wonders of the solar system. arts & crafts\nplayroom and bedroom furnishings\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. the same snap-together open-ended building experience you remember from your own childhood. with the 300 rods, connectors, and accessories included in this set, anything is possible. early engineering skills snap into place and flourish! building & construction\nclassic & retro toys\nscience & nature\nstem toys\ntrains & vehicles. the illustrations on the cards make it easier to visualize each problem while the magnetic numbers turn the mental process into a physical action. math becomes more comprehensible and more memorable! magnets & magnetism\nteaching toys & tools\ntravel toys. use the bug molds and the bug maker to create amazingly detailed bug sculptures. then, add wings, paint them with the 10 paints - including 4 metallic colors - before finally displaying them in the magnifying fossil cases. the perfect start to your own b. arts & crafts\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. use the three washable markers to color the four dino friends any way you want. place them under the color tree to color them even more with the color drop bottles. then, wash away all the color in the hot-springs tub and start the creative fun all over. arts & crafts\nimaginative play. assemble a high-quality chipboard racetrack and then follow the illustrated, step-by-step instructions to build 10 unique lego race cars while learning about the physics of speed. it's the ultimate lego raceway adventure! books\nbuilding & construction\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools\ntrains & vehicles. the carrying case opens up to reveal a detailed spa with two grooming platforms, a large bathtub, and a fold-out mirror. use the markers to color the pets any way you want, then spray them with the scented spray. ready to start again? just wash them with. arts & crafts\nimaginative play\ntravel toys. included in this handy travel case are 144 wikki stix, 24 bonus wikkies, loads of idea sheets, plus fun activities to try such as on-the-go bingo, make-your-own glasses, tracing, connect-the-dots, and more. embark on the ultimate wikki stix adventure, wh. arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools\ntravel toys. your own mini golf course! (emphasis on the \"mini\".) using tiny putters and metal golf balls, players take on a thrilling variety of fun, fascinating, and mechanized obstacles as they work their way through the nine holes of the course. games\nrc & electronics. turn a handful of different-shaped blocks into a big triangle. build a funny dancing clown, a bridge, or - how many different kinds of houses can you make? creativity meets problem-solving and critical thinking! brainteasers\nbuilding & construction\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. pick one of the six dinosaurs. then, grab the sculpting tools and follow along with the interactive 3d step-by-step instructions to masterfully mold it, one simple step at a time. all the while, kids learn real sculpting techniques without even realizing. \"she loves it! has already made all the models. great for manual dexterity and artistic creativity! great gift!!\". arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. use the four included dry-erase markers to color in the robots any way you want. then, flip the play mat over to find a blank canvas for drawing anything you can imagine. ready to color again? just wipe it all clean! arts & crafts\ntravel toys. using the included brushes, paints, and accessories, kids will get to bring this wooden gnome door beautifully to life any way they want. then, they can set it up anywhere they want, indoors or out. a timeless world of magic becomes real! arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools\nwooden toys. pick one of the nine adorable bodily byproducts. then, grab the sculpting tools and follow along with the interactive 3d step-by-step instructions to masterfully mold it, one simple shape at a time. all the while, kids are learning real sculpting techniq. \"not messy! easy and fun for 7-year-old. colorful examples on box are great to go by.\". arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. each of the trucks adjusts and connects to become another part of a huge, towering robot. press the button on its head and it comes to life with thrilling lights and sounds! build their imagination with this fascinating stem adventure. \"she is three and is fascinated with building and moving objects. this toy meets those needs and i'm very happy with my purchase.\". building & construction\nimaginative play\ntrains & vehicles. look through the lenses and you'll find over 120 crystal-clear images and 13 videos featuring planets, stars, nebulae, galaxies, and more. meanwhile, you'll hear 200 fun space facts and quiz questions voiced by emily calandrelli from netflix's emily's wo. rc & electronics\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. with cute embroidered features, wonderfully soft fur, perfectly weighted for a positive sensory experience, scented with real dried french lavender, fully microwavable, and freezer safe, this adorable elephant is sure to march its way right into your hea. \"my grandson loved the elephant warmies. he slept with it all night long. in the morning he told me his elephlant ( how he pronounced it) was his favorite.\". baby toys & gifts\nimaginative play\nplush. each vibrant, silicone sea creature protects a high-quality liquid-crystal-display tablet. grab the stylus from its holder and start writing and drawing endlessly. it's a useful accessory kids will love to take with them everywhere they go! arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools\ntravel toys. use one of the wooden styluses to fill the seven unique designs with all kinds of patterns, shapes, and visual textures. or, grab the blank sheet and scratch your own whimsical illustration. then, pick one, insert it into the lightbox, and switch it on -. arts & crafts\nplayroom and bedroom furnishings\nrc & electronics\nteaching toys & tools. press the tummy to cycle through four bedtime melodies, each accompanied by a red light and vibration synced to the rhythm of a resting heartbeat. press it a fifth time and you'll hear the heartbeat too! babies and parents can't help but fall in love. \"8 month old grandson loves this toy\". baby toys & gifts\nplush. decorate the jungle animals with the markers and the washable stickers. let them play around in their tree house - it has a play nook, an opening window, and a swinging hammock. then, wash the animals in the tub and start the fun all over again! arts & crafts\nimaginative play\ntravel toys. measuring just two feet tall and colored bright red with big white spots, this adorable inflatable mushroom lets you make believe you're a little gnome living in an enchanted forest. meanwhile, a sprinkler at the top spins to spray water around and aroun. active play\nimaginative play\noutdoor toys\nparty favors & party fun. how well can you operate a sheep-apult? taking turns, players use their springboard to launch their sheep onto the hook-and-loop paddock. land them, stick them, pile 'em up - the first to get all of their sheep to stay in the field wins the game! \"heap-o-sheep is great! we bought it for our 2 1/2 year old and she loves sticking together and pulling apart the sheep. she thinks it hysterical when we fling the sheep into the pen and she loves trying to figure it out herself. i'm sure she'll love playing it correctly when she's older, but she definitely gets a kick out of it now, too!\". pick one of the six forest animals. then, grab the sculpting tools and follow along with the interactive 3d step-by-step instructions to masterfully mold it, one simple shape at a time. all the while, kids learn real sculpting techniques without even rea. \"smaller amount of product than i was expecting.\". arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. this unique playset features an easy-to-build, 11-piece wood barn that requires no tools or glue. grab the included paints and paintbrush to paint the barn and the included horse any way you want. then, it's time to play! arts & crafts\nbuilding & construction\nimaginative play\nwooden toys. the bright-eyed expression is full of pep. the lifelike, oversized ears are always listening for the word \"walk\". the lilac-colored coat, rare for french bulldogs, captivates and enchants. plus, it's incredibly soft and wonderful to snuggle! make a new f. imaginative play\nplush. it's a newtonian race to the finish! flip, turn, and arrange the panels to create an endless variety of raceway twists and turns. then, place the four marbles in the starting position. with a press of the lever, they're all launched simultaneously. which. \"this is a fun toy that my son enjoys. it can be a bit difficult for him to get the pieces to fit together because sometimes the lines don't match up, but i encourage him by just telling him that part is more like completing a puzzle.\". games\nscience & nature\nteaching toys & tools. made with premium-quality rubberized foam and designed with exhilarating attention to detail, these dragon wings turn pretend play into a vivid reality. strap them on and take off into a ferocious adventure! use the clay to sculpt eight adorable puppies plus a variety of puppy-fied treats such as pupperoni pizza, pupcakes, and more. then, use the remaining supplies to build the ultimate food truck, complete with all kinds of neat details. it's the most pup-u. arts & crafts\nbooks\nteaching toys & tools\ntrains & vehicles. the bow is colored with a unique paint-splatter pattern, is pre-strung with rubber-capped ends, and features a comfortable foam handle that's easy for young, first-time archers to grip. but the best part: the arrows are tipped with large foam pads, so it. active play\noutdoor toys. featuring cute embroidered features, wonderfully soft fur, perfectly weighted for a positive sensory experience, scented with real dried french lavender, fully microwavable, and freezer safe, this adorable unicorn is sure to enchant the heart and soothe. imaginative play\nmind & body\nplush. there's plenty of room in the zip-shut backpack for everything your little one would want to bring along. then, once they're ready to head out the door, they can strap their favorite doll securely into the carrier and head out the door! dolls & dollhouses\nimaginative play. the player who's \"it\" scores points by tagging all the other players, and all the other players score points for kicking the light-up \"can\". the can changes color whenever it's kicked. if it lands on your color - whether you're \"it\" or not - you win bonu. active play\noutdoor toys. the 280+ parts snap together easily - no tools required - to become the door, hinges, levers, gears, and other intricate parts that make this classic piece of security engineering work. you can even set the combination to whatever set of numbers you want. building & construction\nmaker & diy kits\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. use the markers to color the sea turtle and dolphin any way you want. kids can have them sunbathe on the beach, slide down the two wavy slides, or splash in the pool. then, scrub away the marker with the brush and sprayer to start the color-and-play adve. arts & crafts\nbath toys\ndolls & dollhouses\nimaginative play. featuring a lovely, embroidered smile, bright blue eyes, wonderfully soft fur, perfectly weighted for a positive sensory experience, scented with real dried french lavender, fully microwavable, and freezer safe, this adorable feline is likely to never le. imaginative play\nmind & body\nplush. her pretty, affectionate, and reassuring face will soothe all your little one's sorrows. her thin, easy-to-grasp arms are just waiting to be filled up with cuddles. plus, her incredibly soft fabric is oh-so-cozy to touch. she's sure to be your little one. dolls & dollhouses\nimaginative play\nplush. featuring a lovely, embroidered face, wonderfully soft fur, perfectly weighted for a positive sensory experience, and scented with real dried french lavender, this adorable pup is likely to never leave your side. snuggle up and be happy! baby toys & gifts\nimaginative play\nplush. featuring a lovely, embroidered face, wonderfully soft and curly fur, perfectly weighted for a positive sensory experience, and scented with real dried french lavender, this adorable pup is likely to never leave your side. snuggle up and be happy! imaginative play\nmind & body\nplush. it's a fine-motor science lab! included are 25 squishy germs in five colors and five shapes, plus five color-coded test tubes, a test tube stand, and cards and dice for turning pretend-play into a fun game. there are so many ways to play, learn, and disc. early learning toys\nimaginative play\nsensory toys\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. following along with the 32-page book, kids will get to explore 10 unique experiments on sinus-based anatomy, make sense of scents, and even whip up a batch of boogers, all while learning how snot, mucus, and nose hairs protect the body. a runny nose has. books\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. masterfully crafted in the u.s. with the strictest quality standards, these construction logs provide young builders with the same high-quality experience you remember from your own childhood. follow the instructions to build a 2-story lodge, or invent y. building & construction\nstem toys\nwooden toys. with this kit, kids will get to tie-dye two fabric scrunchies and two pairs of socks all while learning about how colors mix to make new colors, how to create different tie-dye patterns, and how the human eye sees color. science meets fashion! arts & crafts\nmaker & diy kits\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. use the kid-safe resin to adhere the plastic mosaic tiles to the 10-inch garden stone. fill the bubble spaces with the glow-in-the-dark paint and let it all dry. the finished product is a solid piece of mosaic artwork that's sure to brighten up any garde. arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. cook and serve the best pizza in town! the felt toppings stick to the hook-and-loop spots of the pizza slices. use the pizza peel to slide the pizza in and out of the oven, then use the pizza cutter and the spatula to serve it fresh onto the two plates! \"as soon as i saw this i knew i had to order it and thought my kids would love it. since i surprised the kids with this toy, they have not put it down! every single day, multiple times a day, my three or two year old will come up to us \"i want to make pizza\" and we'll get this down and let them put the toppings on, cook the pizza, cut the pizza, and serve us different slices on a plate. \nbefore we got this, our kids would play and do some imagination-related stuff, but this has absolutely blown me away with how much the kids love imagining cooking pizza and playing with this, setting timers to \"make sure the pizza cooks long enough\", and more. \ncould not recommend this enough, i love this and will probably end up buying a second one for my youngest so each kid can have their own pizza to design and cook and cut.\". imagine the perfect morning treat... pop open the canister and pull out the four plush, rollable cinnamon rolls. place them on the tray, bake them in the oven, and use the piping bag to add the icing. you can practically smell the oven-fresh joy! \"my granddaughter loves to help in the kitchen so this toy was perfect for her! she \"made\" cinnamon rolls for us all day. the roll-up design up the cinnamon roll was clever and provides a real-life kitchen experience. i highly recommend this toy!\". with cute embroidered features, wonderfully soft fur, perfectly weighted for a positive sensory experience, and scented with real dried french lavender, this adorable cow is sure to send your little one over the moon with coziness! imaginative play\nplush. it's an all-out race to down those clowns! players use the spring-loaded cannons to try and knock down as many clowns as they can before the time runs out. with easy reload and an electronic scoreboard, it's a fast-paced challenge that feels like you're. \"my granddaughters love this toy. very well made\". games\nrc & electronics. vibrantly illustrated and shaped like a majestic winged unicorn, this high-quality kite will send the imagination soaring even before it takes to the sky. enjoy the enchantment of flight! active play\nkites, planes & rockets\noutdoor toys. six discs and the snake's head, each containing a magnet and an off-center pivot, are stacked up atop the snake's tail. as you grab the tail, they all spin away from each other chaotically. can you tilt and balance them just right to swivel them all back. brainteasers\nmagnets & magnetism\nmind & body\noffice & desk toys\nsensory toys\nstem toys\ntravel toys. built onto the back of this adorable trike are a popcorn machine and a display stand complete with an umbrella. turn the crank to see the popcorn actually \"pop\", then serve it up in the four popcorn cups or the two popcorn buckets. from classic treat to. dolls & dollhouses\nimaginative play. each of the connectors has 18 different sides to connect to for building an endless variety of unique and creative structures, from an igloo to a rocket ship to a car to anything you can imagine. give their imagination a creative place to thrive! building & construction\nimaginative play\nmaker & diy kits\nplayroom and bedroom furnishings. attach this hoop to any standard garden hose and switch on the water. from the nozzles throughout the hoop sprays a massive wall of water reaching up to 10 feet high. it really is the ultimate sprinkler! active play\noutdoor toys\nparty favors & party fun. crack the hook-and-loop egg into the bowl. pour in some baking mix and stir it up with the mixer \u2013 when you pull the trigger, it actually spins! the crate doubles as an oven, and when the treats are done baking, you can \"decorate\" them with the spr. \"the pretendables bakery set is the perfect addition to our play kitchen. my toddler loves cooking some sweets. very well made and durable. the hand mixer is easy to use with little hands! will purchase future sets.\". take your fishing game to magical new levels! use the fishing rods to try and catch the most fish as they move around the whale. multi-colored leds and playful songs add to the excitement! do you have the hand-eye coordination to catch the most fish and. \"my 5 yr old and 3 yr old love the game, well made, great sounds only negative is the speed is a little fast for little guys that don't have quick hand/eye coordination but there than that they love it.\". games\nrc & electronics. following the detailed, illustrated instructions, young engineers will get to transform over 100 plastic parts into an air-powered robotic glove that launches soft, safe foam darts, all while learning about the science of pressurized air! building & construction\nimaginative play\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. shaped and colored like a world war ii era p-47 thunderbolt, complete with a spinning propeller and authentic graphics, this unique kite will send young imaginations soaring to new heights. fly like a true hero with this incredible 3d kite! active play\nkites, planes & rockets\noutdoor toys\nteaching toys & tools. use the kid-safe resin to adhere the plastic mosaic tiles to the 10-inch garden stone. fill the flower spaces with the glow-in-the-dark paint and let it all dry. the finished product is a solid piece of mosaic artwork that's sure to brighten up any garde. arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. two types of hand rakes, two types of long rakes, a hoe, a spade, sheers, a weeder, a transplanting tool, a watering can, two large plant pots, and two small plant pots, plus a wagon to carry it all in... kids can't wait to dig into hours of outdoor pret. imaginative play\noutdoor toys. knit like a pro with the simple turn of a crank! hats, scarves, purses, sweaters, and more... what used to take weeks or months now takes hours or even minutes with this amazing knitting machine. just thread the yarn, turn the crank, and watch the perfec. \"i purchased this for my granddaughters 10th birthday. by the end of the day she had made 2 hats! she has been crocheting since she was 8 and loves to make things. even her dad loved it. all in all i almost made the top best present, only beat out by her auntie's rolly shoes.\". arts & crafts\nmaker & diy kits\nteaching toys & tools. this beautiful unicorn figurine features a long, flowing mane and tail of shimmering tangle-free hair - and it's up to you to style it any way you want. discover the magic of hair styling! included in this travel bag are a pack of chalkboard crayons, 20 chalkboard cards, and wet wipes for erasing. practice writing, color in wild scenes, play creative games, then pack it all up and head out the door! creative learning is always within reach. \"this product is adorable, easy to use, and entertaining for my 4-year-old granddaughter.\". arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools\ntravel toys. printed with shuttle's iconic design plus the nasa emblem and the american flag, this kite is sure to launch the imagination into orbit the moment it catches the wind. inspire the next generation of astronauts to take flight! active play\nkites, planes & rockets\noutdoor toys\nscience & nature. its charmingly embroidered face inspires the imagination and sparks a new friendship while the super soft fabric makes every hug and snuggle an incredibly cozy experience. plus, it has extra stuffing inside for even softer hugs! baby toys & gifts\nimaginative play\nplush. using the classic spirograph gears plus blue and red colored pens, kids get to creat layers of unique and fascinating swirls. put on the included 3d glasses and - wow! - the designs appear to jump right out at you! launch your creativity into a new dimen. \"despair graph is wonderful! i bought this. as a gift but we own one as well. my 3 kids love it and they make the most beautiful art for me with it!\". arts & crafts\nclassic & retro toys. as you twist and turn this cross-shaped brainteaser, the different parts spin together like gears in a machine. the more you explore, the more discombobulated it becomes. does your mind have the skills to return it to its original form? brainteasers\noffice & desk toys\ntravel toys. step-by-step instructions walk kids through each step of the process - mixing the paper pulp with water, coloring it with the food coloring, and pressing it into the silk screen. then, with the included paint and paintbrush, they can turn their paper int. arts & crafts\norganic & green toys\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. think fast to swat the mosquito, grab the apple, or place your bee on the flower! the first to read the carts and complete the action wins a ladybug chip - and the player to collect the most chips wins! everyone will be buzzing with excitement. pick one of the six alien characters - muzon, burger, volcano, trio, scorpio, or the googly-eyed bigfoot. then, grab the sculpting tools and follow along with the interactive 3d step-by-step instructions to masterfully mold it, one simple shape at a time. \"a great gift for a 7-yr-old! loved and made all the characters immediately. not sure if they will play with it again.\". arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. pick one of the six monster characters - terry, hipster, pi, cyclops, bigwig, or donut. then, grab the sculpting tools and follow along with the interactive 3d step-by-step instructions to masterfully mold it, one simple shape at a time! arts & crafts\nteaching toys & tools. in this intense game of strategy, luck, and skill, players use the ramps to launch their discs into the slots of the gameboard. the first to get three in a row wins, but look out - another player can land one of their discs on top of yours and steal your. \"my grandson really enjoys this game. he can finally win at tic tac toe. :)\". use your i-beams to reach for the sky. use the stop work signs to block your opponent and the crossbars to turn their work into yours. as you build, your worker climbs higher and higher. but beware... one beam placed out of balance and the whole thing co. \"i was really happy with how much my little brother liked the game. the pieces fit together well and we all have fun building tall and unique structures.\". the crawligator is a unique toy that adds movement to tummy time while promoting crawling skills and building strength. it's contoured to match baby's body, it rolls smoothly on ball caster wheels, plus it's adorably designed to look like a friendly alli. active play\nbaby toys & gifts. with real scientific tools and materials designed just right for kids and 15 exciting experiments to explore, kids are in for a lasting, frustration-free stem learning adventure! give your child an ideal start to a life-long love of science. science & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. a lovely first photo album you'll be happy to let your little one play with. with an easy-to-open fabric closure, babies will adore finding photos of themselves and all the guardian angels in their life, each accompanied by playfully uplifting illustrati. baby toys & gifts\nbooks\nplayroom and bedroom furnishings. build with blocks, experiment with light! built into these solid wood blocks are high-quality, crystal-clear, shatter-proof mirrors. arrange them and angle them to bounce light and create optical illusions. there are so many ways to explore, build, and d. building & construction\nearly learning toys\nstem toys\nwooden toys. players move mia to the next animal tile in the circle and then try to remember in which hole that animal is hiding. pick a hole and look through it - if you were right, you get to collect a wooden star. collect the most stars and you win! the 180+ parts snap together to become a rubber-band-launching cannon that can rotate 360 degrees and can hit targets over 15 feet away. you can even load it with all six of the included rubber bands, then turn the crank to launch them all in rapid succe. building & construction\nmaker & diy kits\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. a big-wheel tricycle, a quadruped, a soaring machine, a drilling monster, a walking robot, and even a wind-powered yacht... the full-color manual guides kids along as they build each one. plus, they'll discover the science that makes them work! building & construction\nmaker & diy kits\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. the three peat pellets become wonderfully nutritious soil when you add water. follow the instructions to plant the seeds and care for them as they germinate and grow. before you know it, you'll have a full garden of zinnias, cosmos, and nasturtiums! office & desk toys\norganic & green toys\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. a spa day for your sweet tooth! mix the pre-colored baking soda, citric acid, and scented glycerin in the six mold shapes: a donut, a macaron, a cupcake, a waffle, a strawberry, and a milkshake. once they're ready, drop them in the water to watch them fi. arts & crafts\nbooks\nscience & nature\nstem toys\nteaching toys & tools. turn the dial to choose a light color - white, red, yellow, green, blue, or purple - then press the dial to activate the matching nature sounds - a flowing stream, a crackling fire, birds chirping, a forest, a rain storm, or crashing waves. cultivate a l. imaginative play\noutdoor toys. more optionsavailable! each of these four vibrant silicone rubber cones can be folded, flipped, and stacked atop each other in a limitless number of fascinating ways - and each one looks like it belongs in an art gallery. discover a new frontier of stack-and-build play! \"versatile building, fun, and very quiet\". baby toys & gifts\nbuilding & construction\nearly learning toys\nsensory toys. add these five oversized dinosaur figures to any magna-tiles set and suddenly the imagination is sent roaring millions of years into the past. each one features movable parts and built-in magnets for connecting to magna-tiles from any angle! imaginative play\nmagnets & magnetism\nscience & nature. can you figure out which pugs at which lollipops? roll the dice, pick two pugs, and squeeze them to make their tongues stick out. if they match, you get to keep them. the first to collect six pugs wins! \"bought this for our 4 year old grandson and he loves it. the whole family has been playing it with him and he even will switch up the game and say the colors in spanish. good quality and the pups are really cute!\". this vibrant ball is brimming with unique sounds and textures that are sure to engage the senses and keep your little one exploring for hours. get the ball rolling on early sensory learning! baby toys & gifts\nplush. 30 plastic connectors hold the 80 uniquely-shaped foam parts together as you build a ferocious spinosaurus with poseable limbs and an opening jaw. stomp into an adventure. then, take it all apart, toss the instructions aside, and let your imagination do. building & construction\nimaginative play. can you remove the metal ring from the wooden maze? there are notches in the wood that the opening in the ring can pass through, which makes it seem easy. but, naturally, it's a lot more challenging than you might think. such is life... brainteasers\noffice & desk toys\nwooden toys. 21 plastic connectors hold the 54 uniquely-shaped foam parts together as you build a ferocious, bright-red t-rex, complete with poseable limbs. stomp into an adventure. then, take it all apart, toss the instructions, and let your imagination do the build. building & construction\nimaginative play. the pastel-hued cape is enchantingly embellished with sparkly sequins, silvery trim, and a lovely pink bow with stars on each end. the headband has a sparkly iridescent unicorn horn and ears, plus lovely purple and pink flowers. become the queen of the u. twisting only at triangular angles, this unique pyramid-shaped puzzle will keep your mind spinning in circles as you try to figure out the correct sequences and algorithms. do you have the smarts to return every side to its original solid color? brainteasers\noffice & desk toys\nstem toys\ntravel toys. select your favorite design and set it up in the included embroidery hoop. explore the 32-page book to learn all the skills you need, then use the colorful yarn to stitch as much or as little as you want to turn each design into unbelievable cuteness! say goodbye to unruly tent poles, difficult straps, and time-consuming assembly. with this tent, you can create the perfect outdoor play space as quickly and easily as laying out a beach towel. just remove the tent from the bag, unfold it, and pop it ope. on each page, little ones will find another animal face complete with two fuzzy ears sticking out of the top of the book. meanwhile, unique fabric textures, crinkly sounds, and flaps to flip keep little fingers busy from cover to cover. a whole zoo of fu. baby toys & gifts\nbooks. made with the softest fabrics, featuring silky satin details, wonderfully huggable, gently scented with french lavender, fully microwavable, and freezer safe, this adorable donkey is quick to win your little one's heart! baby toys & gifts\nimaginative play\nplush. turn the crank to hear it play a charming rendition of \"twinkle twinkle little star.\" then, out pops a friendly little teddy bear with a big heart on its chest that lights up with color-changing lights! give your little one an enchanting transition from. by subscribing you are agreeing to receive our weekly email which includes exclusive offers. toys are our business after all, which is why we carefully monitor the toy trends to target those toys that will be hot come christmas and hanukkah. every year there are one or two toys that just strike a chord and suddenly everyone is looking for them. at fat brain toys, you will discover a diverse array of the hottest toys of the year as well as our tried and true best sellers. from the top games to brainteasing puzzles to dress up clothes that inspire the imagination and more, we've got the most popular toys for this christmas and hanukkah. with our flat shipping rate of $5.99, you will be ready for the upcoming holidays whether you start shopping in august, on black friday or wait until the calendar says december. fat brain toys ships the same day in most cases if you order before 3 p.m. ct. the holiday season is supposed to be a time of love and wonder. don't stress about trying to find that one hot toy. remember the furby craze? fat brain toys has the top new toys for 2023 as well as the most popular. we do our holiday shopping incredibly early to make sure you have the best picks for yours. get exclusive deals & more! copyright \u00a9 2003-2023 fat brain toys, llc. all rights reserved. fat brain toys\u00ae is a registered service mark of fat brain toys, llc. thanks for contacting us. we've received your submission. three-year-olds are just too cute, and yes \u2014 they deserve spoiling. whether it\u2019s for a birthday or a milestone of theirs, finding out something to buy (that they don\u2019t already have, no less) can be an incredible feat. but, it doesn\u2019t have to be. we turned to a handful of child development experts who know the ins and outs of the 3-year-old age group to recommend 52 wonderful gifts and toys for you to reference. after conversing with seasoned experts, we understood one thing about three-year-olds, in particular: they\u2019re always learning and on the move. \u201cthree-year-olds are pretty smart human beings who are defined by curiosity,\u201d kathy hirsh-pasek, phd, psychology professor at temple university and senior fellow at the brookings institution \u2014 whose research work centers on the development of early language and literacy, as well as the role of play in learning \u2014 told the new york post. \u201cthey have mastered language skills to determine how the world works and, while we\u2019re not interested in the slugs, bugs and worms that make up the ground, they are; they\u2019re naturalists.\u201d. with even more insightful knowledge about the 3-year-old age group in our in-depth faq section (including the \u2018why\u2019 behind their constant \u2018why? why? why?\u2019 questioning), you\u2019ll have a better grasp into this adoring age, thanks to five childhood learning experts chiming in. but, for now, let\u2019s move into the expert-recommended toys. click to jump to a specific section:. \u201cthese tubes are amazing and open ended! i add them to my sensory bins, fill them with items to shake, roll them, use them to mix in, and explore volumes with them,\u201d alice cady, edm, an eight-year classroom teacher of two and three-year-olds told the post. she has an education doctorate degree from the university of buffalo\u2019s early childhood research center, with a focus on computational thinking in early childhood. \u201cyou can fill them with counting toys to \u2018fill and spill,\u2019 fill them with natural items to observe, fill them with spices to smell or even use them to blow bubbles!\u201d she adds. each tube comes with dual openings and twistable lids and also leaves you the option to create your own sensory tubes to help with self-regulation. \u201ccrayola\u2019s color wonder line is a great gift for kids, not only because of its affordable price point, but because it is a perfect, no-mess, creative art line,\u201d ali mierzejewski, editor-in-chief at \u201cthe toy insider\u201d and childhood play expert, told the post. the color wonder markers only show on the special color wonder paper, so it\u2019s great for traveling on airplanes, roadside restaurant stops, or for kids\u2019 independent playtime as well. \u201cfamily game night is super important for kids during this age window for social development, and games geared toward preschoolers like this bingo set are the perfect way for families to play together,\u201d mierzejewski adds. this game in particular, aside from having cute artwork, also provides four ways for kids to learn, so it\u2019s packed with educational value in addition to fun. \u201cstacking and sequencing toys are a wonderful way to work on those fine motor skills as well as visual and sequencing skills,\u201d caitlin sanschagrin, an occupational therapist specializing in pediatrics \u2014 specifically, feeding, sensory processing and regulation and neurodivergent-affirming care, told the post. what\u2019s more, the addition of the imaginative play component allows your 3-year-old to serve your customers a burger makes playtime even more fun. take aim and grow those gross motor skills by launching these dinosaur rockets into the sky! \u201cthis helps work on coordination and strength by making them go sky high!\u201d sanschagrin notes. plus, these interactive toys are just $20 on amazon, making it a budget-friendly toy to snag. \u201cwith summer fast approaching, i would recommend gardening and insect catcher toys that parents can easily purchase at dollar stores, walmart, or target,\u201d sonia pruneda-hernandez, phd, acting dean of education and social sciences at montgomery college \u2014and doctorate of education with a concentration in early childhood education and higher education \u2014 told the post. she recommended items like a bucket, shovel, trowel and watering can. specifically, the play22 12-piece kids gardening tool set is one she brought to our attention for fun outdoor play. \u201cparents can also add items for insect catching such as a net, magnifying glass and insect catcher,\u201d pruneda-hernandez adds. the europa kids adventure nature explorer & bug-catching kit fits the bill at just $25, and one our expert recommends. do note that parents and caregivees should check and ensure that their 3-year old can easily hold and manipulate the items with their hands before use. saucer swings are great toys to have outside. \u201cfrom a sensorimotor perspective, they facilitate various body movements through space,\u201d sanschagrin says. \u201cyou can even work on developing eye skills by tossing a soft ball to the kiddo while they are swinging!\u201d. of course, 3-year-olds may not be able to catch it, but being able to use their eyes to track the ball while their body is moving assists that development, per sanschagrin. \u201cyou can even do bubbles so that your kiddo is looking in all different directions while swinging, teaching their nervous system and body how to accommodate with these new movement patterns,\u201d she adds. \u201cmusical sets are a great way to facilitate those fine motor and bilateral coordination skills,\u201d sanschagrin notes. \u201cyou can practice different rhythms and see if your kiddo can imitate and join in!\u201d. the stoie\u2019s international wooden music set is less than $40 on amazon, one that our expert recommends and is backed by more than 5,000 rave reviews. plus, it includes a tambourine, a castanet, a hand drum, two hand bells, a maraca, a flute, a wooden block with a stick, a wood sounder with a stick and a chime bar with a stick. \u201cpreschool age is the perfect time for kids to start discovering what they\u2019re interested in \u2014\u00a0including music!\u201d mierzejewski shares. \u201cthis loog mini acoustic guitar is great for kids this age because it\u2019s easy for them to handle and gives the look of a real guitar.\u201d. with the loog mini acoustic kids guitar, 3-year-olds can start learning the basics with this three-string guitar, and even have a jam session with the grown-ups in their life who play, too. \u201ca variety of musical toys such as the kit above allows children to develop their fine motor skills and their hand-eye coordination,\u201d pruneda-hernandez explains. \u201ckits such as the one above can also grow with the child.\u201d. whereas\u00a0a 3-year old may enjoy using the maracas, a four-or five- year-old may be more interested in the xylophone or rhythm sticks.\u00a0\u201cthe kit also allows for more than one child or for an adult to be involved in the musical play with a child,\u201d she adds. right on the money, cady also recommends this play bundle for musical fun. \u201copen ended music toys, like the halilit mini orchestra, all offer chances to experiment and jam along to rhymes, rhythms and favorite songs,\u201d cady highlights. for less than $30 on amazon, this four-pack is perfect for 6-month-olds and 3-year-olds alike, thanks to its musical, take-around-with-you nature. \u201cpiano mats can be used for similar skills to the musical sets but on a gross motor scale,\u201d sanschagrin says. \u201csee if they can imitate different walks across the keys to make similar rhythms and sounds. according to sanschagrin, it\u2019s also great for sensorimotor skills being able to discriminate between the keys and for understanding the way the mat feels different then the floor as they move across this interactive toy. \u201cthis introductory microscope is perfect for curious kids and will encourage them to discover new things,\u201d mierzejewski shares. \u201cthey can explore close-up looks at different objects around the house or that they find in the backyard.\u201d. the beginner microscope has big and chunky dials for them to focus, so it\u2019s easy for little hands to maneuver and perfectly sized for three-year-olds, too. \u201cthis math activity set not only has the educational benefits of a learning toy, but also the developmental benefits of tactile play, so it\u2019s a true two-for-one,\u201d mierzejewski adds. \u201cit\u2019s packed with tons of activities and facts for kids to learn about turtles, but also provides the tools for open-ended play as well.\u201d. this stem-based toy includes turtles of three different sizes, six colors, six shell textures and six belly shapes, adding to how it\u2019s a wonderful sensory toy in addition to a learning-development aide. \u201csocial-emotional learning is so important for 3-year-olds, and this adorable pineapple is great for helping kids identify, recognize and communicate their emotions,\u201d mierzejewski notes. aside from being adorable and unique, this toy helps develops important coping habits and communication skills that will serve as an important foundation for mental health, too, according to mierzejewski. \u201cfor a three-year-old, the montessori peg board toy helps a 3-year-old understand 1:1 correspondences, cardinality and subsitizing [the ability to instantly recognize the number of objects without actually counting them],\u201d cady highlights. be sure to note that pegs are choking hazards on this one, but they make ones with larger pegs as well, if highly concerned. \u201cthis pegboard has so many developmental skills to facilitate,\u201d sanschagrin shares. \u201cfine motor for putting the pieces in, visual skills to put matching colors in the right spot and problem solving to identify which piece goes where and how to locate it.\u201d. not to mention, the amosting color-matching mosaic pegboard she recommends is less than $20, comes in vibrant colors and is on-the-go friendly. \u201chammer and nail toys are wonderful toys to expand creative play as well as fine motor skills like precision and bilateral coordination,\u201d sanschagrin adds. \u201cvisual skills can be used by trying to match a visual model and example.\u201d. not to mention, a 3-year-old holding a hammer in their hands help improve their critical thinking skills, like how to allow for a certain piece to firmly grasp the included board. \u201cthis puzzle features families of mixed races and ethnicities, encouraging diversity, inclusion, and representation,\u201d mierzejewski highlights. \u201cthis black-owned company was founded by a mom who wanted her son to feel represented in the toys he played with, and now it expands that offering to all kids.\u201d. even better, parents can build along with their kids as they piece together this puzzle that stresses the importance of playing together and kindness. \u201cshape sorters have so many developmental benefits for kids this age, including fine motor skills, shape and color recognition, introduction to cause and effect and experimentation, and more,\u201d mierzejewski lists. \u201cthis set of activity cubes stands out because it is brightly colored and engaging \u2014\u00a0and kids can stack the cubes as well, in addition to just sorting the shapes, opening up more possibilities for open-ended play.\u201d. plus, there\u2019s much variation with this amazon toy. with four nesting cubes, three numbers, three letters and seven fun shapes, your 3-year-old will praise this stackable toy over and over again. \u201cthe melissa & doug mix \u2018n match wooden bear family dress-up puzzle is great for three-year-olds,\u201d cady recommends. not to mention, we recommend nearly any toy from the brand as they\u2019re (1) adorable and (2) always a hit with our nieces. \u201cthis puzzle sorter helps build upon self-help skills and pushes toward dramatic play,\u201d she adds. \u201cthe melissa & doug primary lacing beads educational toy is wonderful for 3-year-olds and older,\u201d cady shares. \u201cit helps develop fine motor skills, patterning, counting and sorting. for less than $20, you won\u2019t find a more interactive or colorful toy, either. with an included play box, it\u2019s especially perfect for neatly storing in your playroom. \u201csmall puzzles are great for spatial orientation and fine motor skills,\u201d sanschagrin notes. \u201chaving smaller puzzles makes it less overwhelming to see when your puzzle is \u2018done'\u201d. you can downgrade this activity by taking a picture of a completed puzzle and let your three-year-old use that visual model to complete the puzzle, she recommends. \u201ccube puzzles are a fun way to address in-hand manipulation and fine motor skills as well as problem solving and visual skills,\u201d sanschagrin adds. \u201cthe borders along the outside of the puzzle can help give spatial reference while in the process of building the puzzle.\u201d. to better help your 3-year-old learn about common farm animals they\u2019ll find in preschool and kindergarten, we approve of this affordable toy that\u2019ll keep your little one engaged for hours, too. what better way to play than with everyone\u2019s neighborhood-friendly superhero? \u201cthis set is awesome because it features look-and-find activities so kids stay busy,\u201d mierzejewski notes. \u201cplus, this marvel-based story will deeply engage your little one, especially if they\u2019re fans. \u201cthis book is just one of many celebrity biographies that will be available from this line,\u201d mierzejewski shares. \u201cparents will love sharing their love of bey with their little ones and the nostalgia of the little golden books that they had as a kid. it\u2019s the perfect inspiring story for young readers.\u201d. not to mention, it\u2019s a super fun gift for the beyonc\u00e9-loving parents in your life. \u201cproviding children books with pictures that include diverse people is critical,\u201d pruneda-hernandez notes. \u201cregardless of the age, children should be able to visually see people in books that look like them and those that are around them.\u201d. that said, our expert shares that \u201cmilo imagines the world\u201d by matt de la pe\u00f1a as one of her favorite books for 3-year-olds. \u201canother one of my favorite books that i still keep in my own home for nieces that visit is \u2018carmela full of wishes,'\u201d pruneda-hernandez shares. it also is wonderful to promote diversity and representation, infused with a unique hopeful tone that\u2019ll help spread optimism to your three-year-old. \u201cone of my personal favorites is \u2018too many tamales\u2019 because it brings back memories of my childhood,\u201d pruneda-hernandez shares. not only does it help explain numerical quantities and living in abundance but it\u2019s also available in spanish, so it\u2019s especially ideal for esl students. \u201cother books that i recommend are books include eric carle\u2019s \u2018the very hungry caterpillar,'\u201d pruenda-hernandez adds. and, according to sanschagrin, we love a good storytelling set! \u201cyou can incorporate so many interactive activities to engage with this felt learning toy set  bundle, sanschagrin adds, also recommending carle\u2019s best-selling read. \u201cmy favorite is putting the pieces away from where i\u2019m reading the story and have the kiddo do a silly walk to go find the corresponding stuffed item.\u201d. this way, you\u2019re adding movement which can regulate their nervous system in a way that increases their ability to focus on the book or story, according to sanschagrin. \u201cmy occupational therapist heart adores these poke-dot books,\u201d sanschagrin adds. \u201cit\u2019s an interactive way to talk about animals while using that index finger to poke each dot.\u201d. much like reusable bubble wrap, this interactive book can help develop fine motor strength and coordination.\u00a0not to mention, our nieces deem this one of their favorite books to pull out of the bookcase. \u201ckids love to mimic what they see grown-ups doing, and this little tractor is a great way for them to get their hands on some power tools in a very kid-friendly way,\u201d mierzejewski highlights. \u201cthe battery-powered drill and large, chunky screws are easy for preschoolers to maneuver and the johnny tractor\u2019s face is so adorable!\u201d. sanschagrin also recommends this toy, as it\u2019s great for cause and effect, executive functioning, motor planning, and bilateral coordination. \u201cthey can play around with spatial relationships outside of their body as well, like focusing on how far the car is from the wall rather than themselves as the reference point,\u201d she adds. kids can not only build with their favorite sesame street character, but they can also color with this set! \u201csince there are multiple activities, kids will stay busy for awhile,\u201d mierzejewski says. \u201cthe kid-safe magnetic building pieces are fun for kids to construct with, helping them to hone their spatial awareness, motor skills and more.\u201d. children\u2019s blocks that allow for a variety of uses in play make great toys, and this melissa & doug standard unit solid-wood building blocks is recommended by our expert. \u201cblocks should not just be squares but come in a variety of shapes to include spheres, rectangles, triangles and squares so children can build in many different ways.\u201d pruneda-hernandez recommends. \u201cblocks not only provide children the opportunity to enhance their fine motor skills and eye-hand coordination, but allows them to problem solve and begin to use their critical thinking while building.\u201d. \u201cbuilding sets that not only have blocks, but gears provide opportunities for cognitive development and opportunities to test hypothesis, make wonderful toys,\u201d pruneda-hernandez recommends. that said, she recommends the learning resources gears! gears! gears! 100-piece deluxe building set for an engaging, well-varied bundle that\u2019ll keep your 3-year-old as busy as a bee. building toys are a staple toy for toddlers. and, magna-tiles can teach 3-year-olds spatial relationships, problem solving, bilateral coordination and creative play. \u201cthe open-ended-ness expands their imagination on top of the motor skills developed,\u201d sanschagrin adds. \u201cyou can even practice working on emotional regulation if the structure they build doesn\u2019t work out (i.e. falling down or can\u2019t figure out how to build how they want) by talking through different strategies for calming enough to solve their problem.\u201d. \u201cbristle lock tiles are similar in their skill building as the magna-tiles, however they require more strength,\u201d sanschagrin explains. \u201cthere\u2019s also more flexibility for tile assembly rather than depending on the magnet attraction.\u201d. additionally, this toy adds an interesting sensory aspect with different textures to explore. this interactive dashboard from melissa & doug provides ton of tactile and imaginative play for preschoolers. \u201cthey\u2019ll love to pretend to drive as they move the steering wheel and engage with all of the other interactive features,\u201d mierzejewski adds. \u201cplus, it\u2019s paw patrol, so it\u2019s a guaranteed hit for your little one.\u201d. \u201cmy recommendation for vehicles for three- and four-year olds are those that allow them to experiment with,\u201d pruneda-hernandez says. \u201cbulldozers, excavators and dump trucks all can be used in many different ways, providing young children opportunities to experiment, explore and manipulate with their hands.\u201d. for a two-pack that\u2019s less than $30, it\u2019s a wonderful unisex toy as well, especially for sandbox play. contrary to popular belief, vehicles do not have to have sounds or need to be battery operated. \u201cvehicles without batteries should be durable to be used indoors and outdoors in dirt or sand,\u201d pruneda-hernandez shares. \u201cvehicles provide children more opportunities to use their imagination to make their own sounds.\u201d. not to mention, parents, teachers or caregivers can enhance the play opportunities by interacting with the child while they play.\u00a0pruneda-hernandez recommends that the adult gets on the floor or grass, play with the child and  converse with the child during play. simply put, the hot wheels 4-lane elimination race track set is \u201csimply perfect for three-year-olds!\u201d as expressed by cady. backed by nearly 4,000 rave reviews, your 3-year-old can speed up to four cars down the track in each of the four lanes (which merge into two, making it a unique toy that they\u2019ll adore). what better way to work on grading muscle force and motor planning than a pull back toy car? \u201cyour 3-year-old will get to think through how their movements will impact the future of the car\u2019s path,\u201d sanschagrin adds. oh, and they\u2019re quintessentially adorable. \u201ca durable tricycle that will last for several years and can even be passed down to another child is my recommendation,\u201d pruneda-hernandez says. \u201cfor children just turning three, parents or caregivers should be able to push the child when taking the child out for walks.\u201d. however, the push handle should easily come off when children no longer need that support. tricycles build children\u2019s gross motor skills, too, according to our expert. three words: balance, coordination, and body confidence. \u201cbalance bikes offer a chance for children to rely on their own sense of balance to navigate the use of a bike,\u201d cady explains. \u201cwithout pedals, children can focus on balancing and coordinating both sides of their body while using the bike, building skills and muscles to have eventual success with a future two-wheel bike.\u201d. sanschagrin also recommends balance bikes for 3-year-olds, namely the yvolution y velo balance bike that comes in a wealth of vibrant colors. \u201cbalance bikes are great beginner bikes to work on bilateral coordination \u2014 using both sides of your body, arms and legs to work together in a coordinated manner \u2014 as well as core strength and overall balance,\u201d she adds. \u201cthis is a great way to introduce beginner bike skills!\u201d. push button ride-on-cars are so much fun (and, are ones that\u2019ll keep your 3-year-old entertained for hours on end. \u201cthey help develop those bilateral coordination skills by steering correctly and even hand strength by maintaining that push button to go!\u201d sanschagrin explains. \u201ci really like the cozy coupes because they do have a push option for parents but they also give the kiddo the option to use those feet and develop leg muscles and overall gross motor coordination,\u201d sanschagrin says. of course, parents and caregivers all need a break from time to time, so having the option to push your 3-year-old around the neighborhood when they need a little rest is a great option to have. \u201cit also can help with their body awareness for when they are climbing in and out of the car while maneuvering the door,\u201d she adds. \u201cdisney toys are always wildly popular, but they are this year especially with the disney100 anniversary celebrations,\u201d mierzejewski adds. \u201cclassic fashion dolls allow kids to engage in creative storytelling and imaginative, open-ended play, and these allow kids to do so with their favorite disney characters!\u201d. at a great value, kids can build up a whole disney squad to create their own adventures. \u201cstuffed animals that are durable, easy to wash, and do not have parts that may become loose or fall off are the best purchases,\u201d pruneda-hernandez explains. \u201cchildren may become attached to a stuffed animal and may want that toy at all times since it may provide them comfort.\u201d. the stuffed animal or doll is going to depend on the child and, if a child becomes attached to a stuffed animal or doll, the child may keep that toy for many years. \u201c\u201di still have a koala from my childhood that i was attached to and i just turned 50 this year,\u201d she adds. \u201ci love weighted stuffed animals for my kiddos that i work with,\u201d sanschagrin shares. \u201cit can offer deep pressure as a tool to regulate and calm themselves, especially when they are feeling anxious.\u201d. what\u2019s more, the weight can also provide good feedback for where their body is in space, essentially helping them feel \u2018ground\u2019 to the world. it\u2019s also perfect for imaginative play. squishmallows can also offer a safe sensory experience. \u201cthe texture often encourages squeezing of the toy which can also offer similar deep pressure benefits as the weighted animals,\u201d sanschagrin adds. \u201cthey make for great comfort items and sleeping companions.\u201d. ahead, our team of child development experts provide insight into the 3-year-old age group and what defines playtime at this stage. for more, check out our expert-backed guides to the best toys for 1-year-olds and 2-year-olds and 4-year-olds. three-year-olds are like 2-year-olds in the sense that they\u2019re moving, but they\u2019re noticing more, according to hirsh-pasek. ahead, she details all of the wonderful learning stages three-year-olds \u2014 generally \u2014 are up to in age. of course, every 3-year-old has a different imagination and a different view of play. however, it\u2019s most important to find a toy that suits their needs as they\u2019re becoming more curious by the day. \u201ci highly recommend toys that allow children to explore, use their imagination and will enable them to hold or use their hands easily,\u201d pruneda-hernandez says. \u201cchildren should not become frustrated with toys that may not be age-appropriate such as providing a 3-year-old with a fifty-piece puzzle.\u201d. what\u2019s more, parents, teachers and caregivers should always review the manufactures age range for a toy. \u201cthree-year-olds may put toys or items in their mouths, so toys with small pieces that children may swallow are inappropriate,\u201d she adds. there\u2019s a multitude of evidence recognizing the importance of play in children. according to sanschagrin, at age three, one of their primary occupations is play which is a massive facilitator of their learning. \u201ctoddlers are much more likely to absorb new information when using the modality of play. play is also a great way to process emotions that they might be unable to express or even understand. it encourages creativity and even problem solving!\u201d. overall, staple toys for the 3-year-old age group would include building toys (like magna-tiles and lego), shape sorters, drawing and coloring toys (like magnadoodle), and open ended pretend play toys (like little people sets), per sanschagrin. \u201ctoys introduce kids to the foundations of storytelling, coding, creativity, dexterity and more thorough fun and engaging play patterns, so they spark curiosity for a future love of learning,\u201d mierzejewski explains. \u201cthrough play, 3-year-olds can develop their motor skills, start to learn the basic concepts of stem skills, flex their imaginations, and start to role-play what they see adults doing through pretend play.\u201d. during this age, kids can also start to establish physically active and social-emotional habits early that they will carry with them as they grow. check out the new york post shopping section for more content:. legos. i organize them in the dark, using the bottom of my foot. the box that the toy came in.  for my daughter, it's always been about the craft supplies. i keep the basics (crayons, paper, pens, glue stick out all the time. the other supplies are in little tubs in a closet by activity: collages, painting, jewelry making, etc. when she says she's bored we pull out an involved craft bin and she's happy for a little while.  cars! trucks! trains! (he's two) for the big stuff, we've allocated a bit of floor space in front of the living room shelves. he parks them when it's time to clean up. for the smaller ones, we likewise created a \"parking area\" on a shelf. for the really small stuff, we have a variety of bags and boxes and other containers that fit on the shelves. we try to keep like with like, but things go wandering of course. all the musical instruments go together, and books, etc. we take a similar approach for stuff in his room, but at the moment it's mostly books. i'm hoping to migrate some things to his room. for example, i'd like to have a train table, and that is for sure not going in the living room. i should note that i've been in a couple of other houses with boy toddlers this age and evidently we are minimalists, by a lot. i just can't justify having a crap ton of stuff when his attention span is somewhat limited. i'm sure we will grow our stuff as he grows (our entire basement could be lego if my husband has his way), but for now i like what we are doing.  the latest thing is my little pony. more specifically rainbow dash. forget everything that's gone before, she's having a rainbow dash party for her 4th birthday and wants every present to be rainbow dash related. recently, my son has taken interest in blocks and ninja turtles. i don't really organize them, i just toss them into a box in the corner of the living room. when he was 2: trains and duplos.he's almost 4 now, and it's mostly his scooter, books and snap circuits (with dad). the occasional toy food, sneaky snacky squirrel game, easel drawing/painting, giant cardboard blocks, and puppet/stuffed animal sneak in there too.we have ikea cloth bins on shelves for most random toys. i found all of my old beanie babies a few months ago. my 16 month old daughter freaking loves them. she also loves playing with the drawers in my kitchen. we have the [trofast](http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/categories/departments/childrens_ikea/18706-2/) storage system for our toys and we love it. easy to get things out of the way and pick up at the end of the night. the bins are theoretically organized (one for legos, one for trains, one for superhero stuff, one for dress-up), but i'm happy if the boys just throw things into the bins from the floors. whatever the other one is playing with. a play couch like the nugget continues to be popular with my almost 5yo. we also have a play kitchen and lots of pots, dishes, and food that has been used constantly for almost 4 years now. if you\u2019re wanting something to push around, a toy shopping cart or baby stroller will be good for a long time too. we also have an assortment of balls, play silks, and a wobble board that have gotten years of use. toy kitchen is still a big hit at age 4! magnatiles, picasso tiles, etc - those are also fun and can be used differently as they get older. and figurines like farm animals and dinosaurs i have a four year old who loves to run/jump, build/destroy; his brother is almost one and has been enjoying a lot of these same toys:wooden blocks - you can even get a shape sorter with wooden pieces. kids can stack them, knock them over, and sort shapes later. even jenga is great, because there's so many pieces in it - and it makes an easy game as they get older.magnetic tiles. my four year old got this when he turned 1, he still plays with them almost every day. we're getting more soon for when his brother turns 1.duplo or mega bloks (just stick with one brand, different brands don't work well together).balls. kick them, throw them, sit on them, indoor or outdoor.dress up stuff. wings, capes, masks, funny shoes/slippers.pretend food.(toy) instruments. drum, maracas, tambourine, toy trumpet, ukulele, egg shakers, kazoo.books and puzzles. block puzzles with a different picture on each square are great - you can make 6 different puzzles with one, and you can stack the blocks into towers or walls when you want.good rule of thumb: if the toy is something that does all the \"playing\" on its own, it might not be very engaging for your child for longer periods of time, and they'll outgrow it out of boredom. but if it's something where they need to really use their imagination, they will engage with it in different ways and keep coming back to it. when i was pregnant with my first, a woman giving baby classes told us: all you need with little children is a ball and a dump truck. we have a gazillion toys now, but balls and dumptrucks are #1.baby stroller, a baby, some play food and a play kitchen. i live in a tiny nyc apartment. literally every inch matters, so we are very intentional about the objects that enter our home. as such, i have spent untold hours researching and browsing toys. as someone else mentioned above, the most important thing is avoiding toys that \u201cdo the work\u201d for the kid. toys that allow for imaginative play will have multiple uses, and thus, they will always remain in play for longer. for little kids, this usually (but not always) means avoiding toys with an on/off switch. my daughter just turned 5 last month. here are our top ten toys \u2014 all have been used consistently for greater than 2 years (some have already been mentioned, some have not):1. play kitchen. this is, imo, the number one \u201cmust have\u201d toy for kids. yes, ours takes up a lot of precious nyc real estate, but it has been worth it, for sure. its components can be combined with many other toys for endless pretend play. add your duplo ice cream set \u2014 ice cream shop! build tables and chairs with your wooden blocks \u2014 a restaurant for your favorite dolls/stuffed animals! currently, our kiddo is obsessed with encanto, so the play food heals people \u00e0 la julieta. 2. wooden blocks. i prefer standard unit blocks, as it means that sets from multiple companies can be combined easily (should you decide you need more), and because they can be combined with other products, like standard unit marble run sets. 3. duplo or lego. of course, these have a lot of staying power. we are still using duplo here, as my daughter enjoys building things large enough for her dolls and stuffies to interact with. we will switch to lego later. 4. vehicles. we generally stuck with matchbox/hot wheel size due to space. they are great for learning games as well as standard play\u2014counting, sorting by color, practicing letter sounds (ambulance, bus, car, digger, etc.). 5. plastic animals (and other things!). we have many safari, ltd. \u201ctoobs\u201d in our home. my daughter never tires of making little scapes with them, etc. they can get dirty (stick farm animals in cocoa-tinted oobleck, or bugs in kinetic sand, or anything in play dough!), and then double as bath toys! they are also great for learning \u2014 sort by type (mammal, reptile, etc.) or by attribute (fur vs. scales vs. feathers), create habitats, use as math manipulatives, etc. they make non-animal toobs, as well (space, tools, even human anatomy), so these can be tailored to your child\u2019s interests. 6. play silks. if you choose the colors you purchase wisely, these are amazing. of course, they can be for dress-up (capes, dresses, long hair!), but also much more. green silk in a pot from your kitchen\u2014soup! red silk on the floor\u2014lava! blue and white silk on the table\u2014a habitat for arctic animals! you can get beautifully dyed ones on etsy (but not this week\u2014they\u2019re on strike!). [soup](https://imgur.com/fczwpg7)7. these [emotion babies](https://constructiveplaythings.com/expression-babies). we purchased them at around age 18 months to encourage identifying and verbalizing emotions. now, 3.5 years later, they are still used daily. currently, she loves pretending they are encanto characters. the sad one is her ride or die. 8. loose parts. these are essentially random little things, stored in a neat, organized way (usually in a divided tray). you can buy beautiful sets on etsy, or create your own. many, many components can be free (acorns, rocks, random buttons) or cheap (clothespins, jingle bells). your kid will amaze you with their creativity. plus, the items can be combined with many other toys. for example, acorns and pine cones and rocks + wooden blocks + play silk + animal toys = amazing forest. very strongly recommend this type of play. [loose parts](https://imgur.com/gp1xuff)9. sensory/activity table. a kid-sized table is a must, so why not make it dual use? this [flisat table](https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/flisat-childrens-table-50298418/) from ikea is amazing. the flisat bins are marketed as a storage solution, but they are perfect for sensory play. fill one with dried chickpeas or black beans, toss in some little items from your loose parts, or animals from your toobs, or construction vehicles, or or or\u2026. then add a bowl and spoons or scoops from your kitchen. my kid (and her friends) love when i \u201copen up the table.\u201d there\u2019s no end to what you can do. i like to set up seasonal and holiday-themed ones. it\u2019s a wonderful learning tool, as well. hide foam or magnetic capital letters, have your kid find them and match them then to the correct lower case. make the habitats mentioned above, using kinetic sand for the desert, and ice cubes or \u201cinstant snow\u201d for the arctic. of course, your kid can use it for arts and crafts, too, haha. [springtime table](https://imgur.com/itnldm0)10. literal garbage. yes, my kid plays with trash and recycling. i save things that seem like they could be utilized in a creative way, and i don\u2019t have to feel guilty if they flop or get destroyed (or i just get tired of looking at them, haha). toilet paper tubes and some green tissue paper make awesome trees. add them to the forest mentioned above. large pieces of styrofoam are fun to pound golf tees into. scraps of fabric make great dresses and ponchos for the emotion babies. unused lengths of ribbon make great streamers for a pretend birthday party. i realize i am probably looking a bit like a crazy person right now. i just truly do love children\u2019s toys, and i spend a lot of time thinking about my kid\u2019s development. my daughter\u2019s creativity and imagination are off the charts, and i do believe it\u2019s at least partially due to our careful choosing of her playthings. anyway, hope some one finds this helpful! cheers. blocks! i just bought some wooden blocks and they have all of our families names carved into them (my husband and i\u2019s, our parents, and siblings. so she can learn everyone\u2019s names as well and have them as a keepsake for the rest of her life. wooden train tracks have been a regular hit in our house for years. dollhouse with furniture & toys or barn with animals. duplo including the little duplo kids and animals my daughter got a fisher price food truck. she still loves playing with it from time to time. also balls! plastic, basketball, ornaments (lol jk). she always loves throwing and chasing and playing with them. good quality magnetic tiles! the sets can be added to, and turned into ball runs as they get older. large cardboard boxes.every time. best i can do is about 43 seconds age is an important factor here.masking tape - make a \"car track\" all over the house. time consuming fun, and easy clean-up! age also 2.5, i can get 30minutes to 1.5hrs on a reaaallly good day. -magnetic tiles-yoto player and cards-floor puzzle or chunky puzzles-cars/tractors/etc. anything that moves. often paired with magnetic tiles. -train table if we are outside (often as we have a farm but longer stretches during spring summer fall due to weather) he will easily entertain himself for 2+hours. it's not a toy so much as what you show interest in. kids are after a parent's time more than anything.1 of my kids like playing with an old computer (i repair old computers), another tinkers with cars, another builds models. my hobbies when i am at home. if i go to a store to buy a toy, i pick one that i play with absently for more than 2 minutes. theory is, if the toy keeps my interest, the toy keep my kids interest too... and stupidly, it works. for about two weeks, my son's favorite \"toy\" was a laundry basket and colored pompom/puff balls (about 1 inch). he would pick them up off the floor and put them in the hamper. we'd count down from 3 and i'd dump them on his head and he would pick them up again. great question op, came here to buy all the stuff in the top comments. magnatiles for sure.  the first toy my kid ever played independently with for more than 15 minutes at a time.  also marble runs, but that needs some adult help with set up. any toy that they haven't touched in years and you tell them you're going to get rid of what age ? i have a 2.5 year old, so no toy keeps her occupied for hours, rather 30-40 mins. some good ones: - magnatiles (hungry caterpillar and elmo ones)- magnatab- toy picnic basket as she likes pretend play- books - monkey around - finger paints and crayons sadly the only thing that will go for hours is ipad games and tv , if you\u2019re desperate to get some time for other things. lego. and lego. third: lego.then 2-3 stuffed animals and a few wooden things (a bendable snake, some vehicles and some mittlerweile animals).everything else are dust catchers. my 4 year old is currently obsessed with picasso tiles (like magnatiles but cheaper). he spends probably an hour a day on them (which is a lot, considering he's at school all day). google toy rotation. it helped us a bunch. my kids are 5, 4 almost 3. all three play with magnetic tiles, legos, blocks, wooden train tracks (if we, or a babysitter, does it with them), squirt guns, balls, hot wheels, and puppets (if we participate with them).the 4yo will play with marvel action figures and accessories for a few hours every day. he loves backpacks and superhero capes too. best thing i ever bought my kids was a trampoline. from 3 right through high school they used it constantly. they have hatchimals the size of normal stuffed animanls. insteas of giving away toys put them away for awhile and when they come out its like they are new my 4 year old also loves magna tiles - they are great for independent play. and any action figures or dolls are perfect for imaginary play too. hot wheels and diecast cars (movie) cars, mostly. i have a five year old boy. the stuff that gets played with most often: lego, ben 10 action figures, dinosaurs, board games like yahtzee junior and zingo, cars (hot wheels and disney cars), imaginext super hero stuff. my kids are 3.5 and 5.5. they play with magnetiles, a marble game where they basically build a roller coaster for the marble to ride, and they color a lot. building toys in general. all the stuffed animals, dolls, and pretend toys basically go ignored and take up a bunch of space. the box it came in.  things she has gotten the most mileage out of;  the art box (crayons, paper, coloring books), plain old blocks, drum set & electronic keyboard (noisy, but consistently a hit).  fake food and dishes are also popular. fake food and dishes. for my older kids i took the \"box it came in\" joke seriously a couple of christmases ago and bought a whole bunch of boxes, banker boxes, moving boxes, etc. some of those really huge sharpie markers, packing and duct tape, and some serious scissors. they built shit for months. everyone thought i was a nut doing it, but when they came over to six kids from 15 to 5 playing quietly and cooperatively for hours in the basement (the boxes were, for several weeks, a massive fort) i didn't look like such a cheap ass mother alla the sudden. for the wee ones, wooden blocks. omg, wooden blocks are the bomb. they are fun to stack, to throw, and very satisfying to chew on. you can bang em together and you can rub em together and they make music! if you put a bunch of them in a pot you can spoon them out like soup. awesome. plus they don't stain the couch. legos. my daughter is 8 now and we have been playing with them for years. they are a go to toy for her and her friends.  little tikes cozy coupe aka the flintstone car. my 6-year-old still plays with it and his 9month old brothers love to push each other around in it.  [this little people set was a hit with my 3](http://www.amazon.com/fisher-price-world-little-people-learn/dp/b0015ksqm8)  my 5 and 4 year old loved it growing up, now my almost 2yr old is enjoying it, which brought my other kids back to it.  im very proud that we managed to keep all the pizza shapes and apple things that go with it.not sure how you feel about musical instruments, but we are still banging away on [these](http://www.amazon.com/woodstock-percussion-remo-floor-diameter/dp/b00000is0l/ref=sr_1_4?s=toys-and-games&ie=utf8&qid=1349575917&sr=1-4&keywords=remo+drum) two [drums](http://www.amazon.com/remo-percussion-diameter-height-forest/dp/b00000irza/ref=sr_1_8?s=toys-and-games&ie=utf8&qid=1349575917&sr=1-8&keywords=remo+drum)  they are holding up well with all 3 of my kids abusing them.  you can stuff toys inthe bottom to quiet them down if necessary.  also, on the music topic, my son is just in love with music and [this](http://www.amazon.com/discovery-kids-mp3-boom-box/dp/b004dpe10i/ref=sr_1_1?s=toys-and-games&ie=utf8&qid=1349577479&sr=1-1&keywords=mp3+boom+box) was an every day thing.  there are alot of things i dont' like about it (battery compartment, small capacity for mp3s and lack of sd slot etc) but we didn't find anything better on the market.  he loved having the ability to listen to his own music and it really took a beating and still worked.  because of his constant love of music we upgraded to [this](http://www.amazon.com/sony-walkman-s-544-series-player/dp/b002ipha3u/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&qid=1349577728&sr=8-1&keywords=sony+mp3+player) which we chose because it has speakers built in and its like the big boy version of the kiddie boom box.  its was funny watching him try to touch the screen like it was an ipod and looking defeated at first, lol.  also, like someone else said, a keyboard.  we had something like [this](http://www.amazon.com/children-electric-piano-karaoke-keyboard/dp/b004dpqgzg/ref=sr_1_11?ie=utf8&qid=1349577944&sr=8-11&keywords=kids+piano+keyboard) and they really loved it but it just didnt' hold up.  theres probably a good mid range one that won't break the bank and would hold up to kids abuse out there.my kids also loved those magna doodle things.  someone else said a tea set.  i second that.  don't know what we have exactly, but its like [this](http://www.amazon.com/green-toys-5512754-tea-set/dp/b001543yey/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&qid=1349578083&sr=8-1&keywords=kids+tea+set)  just simple.  always fun.  we also have a kitchen thing.  not one of those crazy fancy ones just a simple wood oven/sink.  i googled but i can't find it.  lots of toy food and plates and stuff too.  they love playing house and making food.  we also do all kinds of sorting matching stuff with the food.  some of their favorite food was actually a toy set that was like a jenga game.  its not the melissa doug one on amazon though.  for some reason they played with that the most.  maybe i'll try to track it down.  [stomp rocket](http://www.amazon.com/stomp-rocket-junior-extra-refills/dp/b004oyofze/ref=sr_1_2?s=toys-and-games&ie=utf8&qid=1349576119&sr=1-2&keywords=stomp+rocket+junior)  lots of fun indoors and out too.  buy extra rockets.  i think we are ready to upgrade to the stomp rocket ultra.my kids love this [castle](http://www.amazon.com/melissa-doug-deluxe-folding-princess/dp/b000nkh0e6/ref=sr_1_1?s=toys-and-games&ie=utf8&qid=1349576320&sr=1-1&keywords=wooden+toy+castle)  my two year old will just sit and play, and my older kids enjoy also.in my opinion, don't go over board with little kiddie toys.  they grow out of them.  the little gimmicy flashy lights and talking dolls don't have real replay value in my opinion.  ideally you want quality toys that they'll keep coming back to.  looking back we have lots of melissa and doug stuff.  one kiddie toy thing i would suggest are fridge type games.  my kids loved these two:leap frog [fridge farm](http://www.amazon.com/leapfrog-fridge-farm-magnetic-animal/dp/b0001x0dr6/ref=sr_1_1?s=toys-and-games&ie=utf8&qid=1349576541&sr=1-1&keywords=fridge+farm) and  leapfrog fridge [word thing](http://www.amazon.com/fridge-words-magnetic-word-builder/dp/b0002sc7ce/ref=sr_1_1?s=toys-and-games&ie=utf8&qid=1349576727&sr=1-1&keywords=fridge+fridge+word)they played with them and interacted with them before they even knew what they were actually supposed to do.  as they got older and understood the concept of forming words and matching animals, they continued to have interest.  my 5 year old still likes to spell out stuff with the letters on the fridgewe also have a nice collection of leapfrog tag books.  they go through phases with the tag books.  they would fight over them for a few weeks and now that i think about it they havent opened a tag book in weeks.  but my almost 2 year old loves just tapping around on the books and getting them to say funny things.  we also like to remove toys from roatation, and put them back in.  keeps them fresh, keeps them from getting bored, and they'll play with old toys like they were brand new when they haven't seen them in a month or two.  standards also include bubbles, arts stuff, chalk, dry erase, water paints.  be careful with those crayola/color wonder stuff.  expensive and sometimes the dont' work well enough to keep them interested, but they did really like [this](http://www.amazon.com/crayola-neon-explosion-disney-fairies/dp/b002l3tsac/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&qid=1349579039&sr=8-1&keywords=tinkerbell+neon) they were awesome and looked great.  planning on getting more for xmas.  good stuff to have for our 'rainy day box' for that age : fisher price interactive baby grand pianomusic, lights, buttonsplayed with it until it died, way into the preschool years. ok,maybe wait until 14-16 months. actually turning one she was only interested in unwrapping and throwing the paper around. in hindsight i think i should have gotten her streamers instead.every child is different. she's never had interest in fake food or dolls. only at 5 did she start some role playing activities...with animals.i think all kids like musical instruments as a general rule. i am going to be lame: books. they are the one \"toy\" my son goes for on a daily basis. others that have stood the test of time are his mega blocks, farm set, and of course thomas.  hot wheels/matchbox cars. my 2 year old son has a ton of them because they are so cheap, and he has an obsession with wheels(and other circular things). i like to use a roll of painter's tape to make roads on the floor for him. little critter books can top just about everything though, he loves when we read before bed.  i don't know if this counts as one big or lots of small but a brio (or equivalent) train set. toy kitchen with accessories. toy garage. there's a toy comany called \"melissa & doug.\"  they make simple toys of the sort we would have played with when we were kids.  my 2 year-old has loved everything we've bought from them.you can find them on amazon. my daughter is almost 2. the things that are currently a hit are * toy kitchen with fake plastic food (she feeds her dolls/stuffies and makes me 'coffee')* anything elmo* crayons and her easel. lots of blank paper.* a dump truck and a set of wooden blocks* musical instrumentsthe key with the musical instruments (drums, bells, maracas etc) is to put them in a special box and store them away. then, when you feel like it, you turn on raffi or the wiggles etc. and tell your son music time! then you jam together for 1/2. great fun! you then put the instruments someplace they cannot see them. the older kids would love this too -- family music time! edit: she also loves her soft faced dollies (like this one: http://www.toysrus.ca/product/index.jsp?productid=21918756) your son might like dolls too. i like to give my daughter toys that are traditionally boy toys and traditionally girl toys. she likes both. often dolly rides in the dump truck or pretends to be a pirate. i also agree with the toy kitchen! big hit.my sons second birthday is coming up too and we bought him a tricycle. it has a push handle, as he's still a bit young yet, but we go for walks everyday and he's starting to hate his stroller.  play kitchen, duplo blocks, train set. definitely best purchase for my kids around that age! my kid loves anything with a ramp that's in a descending circle and comes with balls to roll down it. and his kitchen. it's the doors.  on a budget? refrigerator box fort. you can get a box or 2 from any furniture or appliance store for free. get a box cutter and cut some windows or port holes. then take a markers or some paint and customize it!   my daughter really likes her magnetic chalkboard/dry erase easel, but it depends a lot on how your little one is with markers and chalk. as the other posters said, play kitchen is a *huge* hit with my kiddo.  play kitchens are awesome, and the best ones are usually home made edit: this is the very simple but much loved one i made for my boys when they were younger http://www.apartmenttherapy.com/look-diy-play-kitchen-38719. i'm getting nostalgic! i highly recommend this store http://www.atoygarden.com/index.cfm great toys my kids loved from there (that you can also get lots of other places) include: the large rainbow stacker... used for home made mini golf games as they got older and croquet hoops. playsilks are something every toddler loves. i got the 36x36 (if i remember correctly) in several colors for my first child eight years ago. used them last week to make slings for this weird spirit day they had at school \"fake injury day\" (our student council is strange) and my seven year old has been wearing one as a cape all weekend. they've also used them recently to dress up as pirates.nesting wood boxes are great fun to make towers, used as little houses, used to make an at home toss the ball game and now many many years later they hold pens, pencils, basically are desk organisers for my oldest son. definitely lego duplo, i have two daughters (1.5y and 3y) and they play with it almost everyday play kitchen. we got my oldest one for christmas when she was almost 2 and she still uses it now at 6. it\u2019s nice for multiple kids (yours and when friends come over) too! a pikler triangle, he climbs on it constantly all day every day. we've had it over a year and he's showing no signs of getting tired of it yet nugget couch. and duplo. but 2 might be a bit young to appreciate duplo. mine wasn\u2019t super into them until closer to three. mini micro scooter and duplo. make sure you get a helmet. duplos and brio and magnetic tiles are endless funfor something a little more unique consider a pikler triangle, you can find some wonderful ones on etsy. my kids love it. magnatiles. well actually we have picasso tiles because they\u2019re the same and so much cheaper. he plays with them all the time. that and this little people construction play set that has a crane. he\u2019s obsessed. magnet blocks. he loves playing with them and so do we! balance bike. unfortunately, i had to diy a set of training wheels.a tray of corn. he has a ton of fun with this with his small construction toys. (obviously don't use this if your kid puts things in the mouth or in the ears or nose. there is a risk of them getting in-ear or nose.)a learning tower so that he can \"cook\" and \"do dishes\" with us.a cheap remote control car. yes. i was surprised too. he was able to figure out forward and reverse quite easily.a take-apart racing car. good for fine motor controls i guess. dobles as a bath toy.a spray bottle. a normal 1 dollar spray bottle. this may be his favourite toy. used for washing car, cleaning, bug spray, fire engine, popping bubbles (blow soap bubbles and pop them using water spray), and a bath toy (fill it with diluted food dye so that he can spray on to the side of the bathtub) when my son turned around 2 he loved his train set. he consistently will play alone with that thing for awhile! for indoor gross motor/getting their energy out: a nugget couch or a pikler triangle w/ ramp/slide. for the pikler, i recommend one that folds for storage, and make sure it\u2019s pretty tall for his age. i have the large 36\u201d one from playwilder on etsy and it\u2019s a hit from birth through at least 3, but even my older godsons eye it longingly. nuggets seem overhyped but darn if kids don\u2019t love them, and the more the better for making awesome obstacle courses and forts.any kind of tubes they can roll things down, such as balls, marbles, small cars, etc.all things art. i love chalkboard contact paper and dustless chalk (apply to a toddler-sized table or the wall, wipes clean with water and you can even let the child use a wet paintbrush to make a new messy temporary art), kwikstix, tempera paint (use existing toys to stamp, or marbles in a box with paper to make marble art), and sidewalk chalk. dot stickers and dot markers are also fun. if you\u2019re mess-averse, some crayola wonder markers and paper, water painting books, and dustless chalk on chalkboard contact paper are really awesome.an oil pan magnet board is really fun! you can add magnetic letters, magnetiles, and magnetic storytelling shapes (usually themed, like animals or dinos). my daughter loves richard scarry picture books so much. so my kid (3) is not a toy kid per say. we call her a loose parts kid. she is more content to pick up something and imagine it to be something else. if that sounds like your child then this has been a huge hit:https://www.etsy.com/listing/1155162005/54108162216324-pcs-colourful-woodencounting / sorting as well with the above.we also have an usborne encyclopedia and another one called my first big book of why. my daughter adores both and has learned a ton. the ball run pieces that are compatible with duplo pieces and magnatile pieces are great for extending play! i'd do the duplo ones for a kiddo his age bc the magnatile ones are a little more tricky to build with.  second the train tracks recommendation, too, but skip the train table and just let the track expand wherever it needs to go. you can get duplo-compatible train pieces, too, which are a fun addition. anything mellisa and doug is a hit in our house! maybe a wobbel board consider a \"[mud kitchen](https://theimaginationtree.com/benefits-mud-kitchens/)\". think potting bench with a double sink. water on one side (even better if there's a jug that he can use to dispense water himself!) and sand or dirt on the other. add a variety of utensils/receptacles. when he's older, extend the life by giving lots of bottles of expired spices and remnant baking ingredients. obviously, this is an outdoor activity, and be prepared to hose everything down afterwards. this kept me occupied for *hours* as a child. if he already has lego and cars and trucks, a wooden train track with a crane and some other extras could be fun and educational.our little guy loves building bigger and bigger tracks and has learned so much. first building more and more complicated tracks. then building layouts and imagining settings and incorporating his real life experiences. he is using his other toys by building houses for a city or his animals for a zoo. and then we play in that layout and he has learned a lot about traffic safety, and about whatever happens in the setting he chose. you could look up wimmelbooks. they depict everyday scenes from different settings and you can follow some characters around a city or train travel and recognize lots of stuff from his everyday life. my little guy (24 months) loves the pop-up peek-a-boo books. there's a whole set of them and the pages are nice and thick, the flaps are sturdy for toddlers, and they have the added benefit of pop-ups under all the flaps. my toddler loves water play. i got her a water table and she can spend a few hours playing with it.also a sprinkler pad and kiddie pool. other things she loves are her play kitchen. she doesn\u2019t really like toys much and i prefer to spend as much time outside so these are really the only toys she actually interacts with. (plus her sensory table and orbeez ans kinetic sand) we like anything by mo williams for books because they're funny.i have twin boys and at 2.5yo they liked this blow up business benny to bounce on and it helped them burn a lot of energy inside.  dress up clothes were fun too. i tried to get the theme boxes for star wars and super heros.  waffle blocks, bristle blocks (think also called hedgehog blocks), there are car and dinosaur kits they can unscrew and reconfigure,  then there's these box of random parts they can build into anything.  will link below.  my kids have strong engineering genes so i focus on a lot of stem stuff. age recs are taken with a grain of salt partly because i know their capabilities and my childhood toys now have higher recommended ages than they used. toys for 4 5 6 7 year old boys -... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b08qvp4tk1?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_share2021 new 163 pieces creative... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b08sc1pt3f?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharevatos stem building toys - 979pcs... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b08p4qfrvs?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharevatos stem building toys 165... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b07s9s6brt?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharevatos take apart toy racing car,... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b0861b7jsn?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharekokodi lcd writing tablet, 10... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b082kjccd1?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharefugz dinosaur transforming toys,... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b084yx1xds?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharetake apart toys for boys and... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b07xr9wn27?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_shareeducational insights geosafari... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b072qh418h?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_shareprextex pack of 2 cartoon r/c... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b01ciwddmo?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_share101 piece stem toys kit,... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b075n9t1df?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_shareelongdi dinosaur world slot car... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b07gtktm2q?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharegilobaby take apart racing car,... https://www.amazon.com/dp/b07cyk95gg?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_sharepaw patrol giant puzzle (46-piece) https://www.amazon.com/dp/b00q2ye21q?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_share something to climb onsomething to ride onsomething to nurturesomething to buildsomething to create any many things to readso many great responses her already. think these \"somethings\" meet most toddler needs and support development by providing physical (fine and gross motor,) emotional and intellectual opportunities. my toddlers top three favorites are the tv remote, a handheld fan, and a laundry basket. a container full of containers of various sizes and random take out utensils. whatever is in the recycling bin. all time favorites in our house* duplo blocks \\[large version of legos\\]* access to either metal or plastic bowls/cups/baking trays* crayons/stickers + cardboard box big enough to sit in* a car/truck that she can push around* a ball bonus if it squeaks not sure if you have one in your area but we have a toy library and it\u2019s been the best thing ever. new toys every few weeks and all the big bulky toys that you don\u2019t want in your house long term. blocksplay kitchen with accessories plastic figures (my son loves his sesame street and little people frozen ones in particular, can play with them for hours)play dough or kinetic sandplay cars or train set not a toy, but the kitchen helper stool is one of my toddler\u2019s favorite things ever! we do water play in the sink, he \u201chelps\u201d make food, and loves pretending to \u201cmake\u201d in the kitchen. we got is when he was around 18mo, possibly a little younger and it\u2019s been used almost daily. he\u2019s now 2.5yr and has his own little set of nylon knives to help cut/chop things and is actually participating (with heavy assistance) in food/meal prep!edit: formatting for clarity stacking cups, blocks, nugget for climbing, sand and water table, literal garbage \ud83d\ude02 wooden blocks, doll, medium-size ball, some kind of push cart or ride on option - ideally one that could do both, little toy vehicle of some sort empty box, wrapping paper, gift tag, bow and empty tape dispenser. my 8 month old is obsessed with everything that\u2019s not a toy \ud83d\ude02 play kitchen. we got the ikea one for my son when he was 16 months. now at almost 3 years old he still loves it - it\u2019s his go-to toy! his 14 month old brother has found it very interesting since he was able to pull up. we purchased a few items of play food and a few appropriately sized pots and pans and utensils. it\u2019s literally hours of fun!eta: we have a two story house. the play kitchen is downstairs. we got him a play work bench for upstairs. he has turned the upstairs work bench into a secondary play kitchen, lol. hey guys in today's video i'll be reviewing the top 10 best toy for kids i made this list based on my personal opinion and i tried to rank them based on their quality durability customer reviews and more if you want to know about the best pricing and more information you can check the description links below number 10 in my list is step two adventure camper toy for kids the step 2 adventure camper is a playhouse that's part rv part food truck and all fun intended for ages 2 plus the open concept camper features a molded interior kitchen area with a sink and stove top where kids can play cook and use their imaginations there's also a grill a working doorbell and a variety of play food and utensils the camper encourages a variety of play and development in young children from storytelling taking turns at problem solving most importantly our toddler testers completely loved playing with the camper from the clicker knobs on the stuffed hop to the various fake foods and kitchen accessories number nine in my list is leapfrog clean sweep toy for kids the leapfrog clean sweep learning caddy is a talking play set that includes a cleaning caddy and mop bucket with a friendly face as well as a play mop broom and dustpan spray bottle and cloth the bucket has several interactive features from a soap pump to a foot pedal and it will sing count and encourage kids to play clean up the fun activities are designed to encourage listening comprehension teach numbers and quantities and following directions our toddler testers really enjoy pressing all the buttons on the caddy to make it sing and count they also like the standalone pieces that resembled real cleaning materials number eight in my list is kitamento digital camera toy for kids this cutie little kids digital camera made a swoon over its diminutive size soft and grippy body and intuitive and easy to use features in fact this camera was so easy to use that we never once had to break out the instruction manual just take it out of the box charge it up and watch your kids snap away the kitimento model k was obviously designed by photo buffs this camera can take photos up to an astonishing 48 megapixels making it a formidable camera as far as photo quality is concerned we also like that it looks and feels like a shrunk down dslr yet is automated to get the best possible photos for a young child who hasn't yet honed their photography chops it's fun it's cute and it works remarkably well if you're looking for a first camera this is the best we've tried number seven in my list is yodo player toy for kids there are lots of kids audio players on the market but this one is by far our favorite the yoda player is a multitasking kids music player podcast player mini radio and storybook reader that is bursting with kid-friendly features designed for kids ages 3 to 12. the yoda player works with pre-loaded content cards that you can purchase separately out of all the kids audio players we tested this year this audio player had the best content and grow with you functionality of all on the market there are also yoda only offerings that can be played through the player for a constant stream of free content like the yodo daily podcast evening meditations and yoda radio also available through the app is a monthly rotation of free stories that you can download to blank yodo cards load onto your device and own forever we happen to be fans of the original yodo player but the yodo player mini has almost all of the same terrific features and sells at thirty dollars less so number six in my list is leapfrog magic adventures globe toy for kids this isn't a new toy but it's one of the best we tried this year the leapfrog magic adventures globe is guaranteed to make your kid a geography buff and more curious about the world around them this highly interactive globe not only gives insight and information about oceans continents countries cities and regions around the world it does so in an entertaining engaging way an attached stylus allows kids to hear thousands of facts ask questions play games and watch videos on a small screen that gives them a bird's eye view into the parts of the world they are learning about this toy stoked our testers interest in the world around them it's entertaining enough for them to reach for it when you want them off their tablets or conventional screens plus because it also has a geopolitical component it inspired lots of questions and overall engagement in kids with the world around them this globe is intended for kids ages five to seven but our nearly nine-year-old testers enjoyed it just as much as our younger ones which makes this a toy with longevity number five in my list is little tykes glow stick toy for kids the little tykes glow stick scooter is such a fun alternative to the standard scooters all the kids in the neighborhood have the rainbow lights show up as the rider speeds up and the faster they go the more fun the light show becomes hooter was assembled in less than five minutes with the help of a small screwdriver needed to insert the batteries for our three-year-old it's just as sturdy and easy to use as a micro at almost half the price plus the added attraction of super cool lights the handlebar is also quite quick and easy to adjust making it useful for our five-year-old as well dusk is now our favorite time to be out scooting around the neighborhood another nice feature is this scooter is super easy to store and transport the frame is lightweight and the handlebar can be easily removed and reattached in minutes number four in my list is lego city express passenger train toy for kids every kid should get a christmas morning train set at one point in their childhood this fully functioning build your own bullet locomotive has all sorts of cool electrical components that make this the ultimate di we train set that will appeal to builders and toy train enthusiasts alike accompanied by plenty of track for loops and turns kids will get miles of play out of the lego city express passenger train set fun to build and boasting loads of clever details including working lights a fully stocked dining car doors that open and close luggage and bike racks two crew minifigures and four passenger minifigures with luggage this lego city set is one of our favorite new sets of 2023 this was thoroughly tested by an eight-year-old who was able to largely build it themselves as well as our 20-something office manager and lego aficionado both loved it the only caveat either reported was that the remote control took a bit of a learning curve if your kid is frustration prone just be sure to make getting this thing running a team effort number three in my list is peppa pig wooden deluxe playhouse toy for kids if you have a peppa pig fan in your midst this is the ultimate holiday gift i actually squealed at the pieces as i unboxed this set it's an impressive show stopper of a toy peppa pig deluxe playhouse has eight rooms for kids to explore over three floors each room is designed to look just like peppa's house with amazing attention to detail that little peppa fans will love our testers love the accessories including mummy pig's telescope an interactive refrigerator and toilet a stove with a light up range and a bedside table that plays peppa and george relaxing bedtime music we also love the accompanying wooden accessories that came with this playhouse including a boat a family of figurines and a family car they are beautifully made and have a wonderful chunky tactile feel to them the kids will love number two in my list is play-doh kitchen creations toy for kids the amount of imaginative play and creativity enabled by this play-doh set is extraordinary there are endless accessories and molds that come with this adorable ice cream truck along with 12 play-doh colors for creating unlimited ice cream creations the built-in soft serve dispenser and sprinkle extruder let kids go beyond simply squishing and molding to create realistic looking swirls and fun toppings scoops spoons and classic ice cream shop dishes enhance the experience and the excitement our three and five-year-old testers spent hours serving up a variety of fox ice cream treats and ringing up sales on the mini cash register taking orders and building the requested sundaes and ice cream cones provided long-lasting entertainment especially because of all the possible color aca flavor combinations available with this set danielle desiato number one in my list is magic mixes magical misting toy for kids a new spin on last year's runaway best selling toy this updated version of magic mix's magical cauldron is every bit as fun with a bunch of truly magical upgrades magic mix's crystal ball is like a portal into an imaginative world your kid no they had access to magic mixes crystal ball comes with an accompanying spell book that teaches kids how to spell cast with smoke to conjure toys seemingly out of thin air which they can do again and again again for about 10 cycles and until you need to purchase a missed refill pack the fun really begins once the accompanying toy is revealed you can use the wand to bring out all sorts of customizable personality traits to make a mixie that's all your own what our tester liked best however was the crystal ball itself once the mixie is first revealed you can actually hide any favorite toy in the hidden chamber then kids can go through the spell casting process to seemingly conjure their favorite toys out of thin air our tester loved working his magic with all sorts of different toys and game pieces what's more when not used to make magic the crystal ball has a dual functionality as a night light a very cool misty nightlight all right guys this was our today's video if you find this video helpful for you then like the video and if you come to our channel first time then hit the subscribe button for our amazing upcoming videos be sure to check out the links in the description for the updated price of all products discussed in this video hope you have a great day and see you soon in the next video  foreign whether you're shopping for gifts for kids for the holidays for birthdays or just because it can be so much fun to browse the toy aisles and look at all the creative new toy releases for 2022 but when it comes time to plunk your money down which ones are actually worth it which toys are perfectly suited to your recipient's age that they'll play with again and again and will stand the test of time this is the ultimate list of best gifts for kids in 2022 all the awesome gifts mentioned in the video are linked in the description below number 15 karaoke machine warm up those pipes because every night is karaoke night with this machine you can get songs from anywhere including cds or devices you can connect to with bluetooth aux cables usb cables or rca jacks and led lights make kids really feel like their center stage no age recommendation given number 14 kids cook your sous chef today may just be the next top chef tomorrow this cookbook packed with more than 100 easy recipes will encourage them to practice their kitchen skills and feed their loved ones kids really get involved in these recipes as one reviewer said finally a book for cooking not just assembling it's for ages 8 plus number 13 untamed raptor part of the untamed line of interactive toys this guy comes from the makers of fingerlings but he's much more ferocious this untamed dino will respond to your touch and hiss growl or roar until you pet it to calm it down but watch out it even passes gas it's for ages five plus [music] number 12 that will glow fairy finder open this magical jar and fairies can't wait to fly in there are more than 30 fairies to discover and they can even be traded between friends kids can feed the fairies and play games with them and testers loved hunting for tricks like holding the jar appended to catch an upside down fairy it's for ages five plus number 11 though glam nail stamper this diy nail kit is great for kids who love to switch up their styles the go glam nail stamper makes it fun and easy to create custom manicures in minutes and our testers reported it working on all sizes of nails it's for ages 8 plus number 10 light up tracing pad the kit comes with more than 100 traceable images that kids can mix and match to make their own designs and the backlight makes tracings easy to see no matter the setting it comes with a graphite pencil 12 colored pencils 10 tracing sheets and 10 blank sheets it's for ages 6 plus number nine latch gets yarnamals crafty kids can make a new adorable piece of decor for their rooms with these kits which make 3d animals it comes with everything crafters need including the mesh form snap and eyes a heart charm a looping hook yarn and instructions they can also make a purple koala or a pink panda it's for ages 8 plus number eight many moods of may plush if like the kids in mail in school your kids are obsessed with turning red's giant red panda this is the squeezable plush they'll need this year the toy also exhibits a range of emotions from excitement to serene it also plays songs from the film it's for ages three plus number seven building bath pipes pour water into the tops of these pipes and fun things happen wheels turn water changes direction in unexpected ways and the stream divides into two or three smaller streams as they do their cause and effect experiments then won't even notice you scrubbing their hair ages one plus number six dino digvr if jurassic world dominion has them all fired up about dinosaurs get them this stem toy which bridges the real world and the digital one it comes with a hands-on rock to dig out and also a poster that comes alive in vr to offer more dino facts it's for ages 8 plus number five coding robot get the kids started on learning to code at an early age with this awesome robot rd3000 will draw whatever kids program which is a creative and fun way to learn and practice a key stem skill it's for ages 7 plus [music] number four cocomelon ultimate learning bus kids can hear their favorite coca melon nursery rhymes sans netflix with this bus which uses lights sounds and music to entertain little ones with their favorite songs but it also helps them learn numbers and letters if they drop a letter token into the bus for example they'll hear words and phrases that start with that letter it's for ages two plus number three sonic mega plush it's for the gamer in your life will love this super size plush it clocks in at 15 inches and you can also get a tails and knuckles to go with it it's for ages three plus number two doodle jams jelly picks if you're looking for a stocking stuffer or just a little something this fidget board is filled with clear gel and beads and kids can push and squish the beads around the pictures the pictures are removable the board comes with one double-sided background but kids can always diy their own if they love it the doodle jams jello board is similar only it comes with colored gel and no beads it's for ages five plus number one crazy forts its blanket forts like you've never seen them before instead of draping sheets over your floppy couch cushions use these rods and connectors which let families build more intricate structures note that you need to supply your own sheets it's for ages five plus thank you for watching don't forget to like comment share and subscribe if you found this video helpful  [music] thank you hey guys it's snow and welcome to i hollywood tv well today elizabeth warner a child lifestyle expert is here to give us a look into some of the most exciting new items for kids and families of 2023. elizabeth just returned from toy fest west a toy trade show that featured over 500 manufacturers and she has the inside scoop for us this morning hi elizabeth it's nice to see you again hello my friend hi elizabeth how are you um well how are you doing i'm doing great it's so nice to see you i'm on the zoom with you oh look you look you have some great toys we're gonna have some fun today there's a lot of great stuff here so as mentioned you just returned from the toy fest west that's a really cute title toy fest west tell us how was that it seemed like a lot of fun oh it was so fun it was in las vegas and we were in this ginormous space with over 500 different manufacturers showing off their toys you know me i was scooting up and down the aisles playing with all sorts of stuff chatting with all my toy friends so it was a blast and now i have all these great items to show everybody that are all brand new well it's nice to see you once again but let's go ahead and get started so first off are there any new items that will help our kids think more about diversity equality and inclusion because i think that's a really important topic me too and you know that they learn through play so lego of course is just taking a step forward with this lego friends this is actually autumn's house well after 10 amazing years the lego group is relaunching lego friends with a whole new cast of characters and i love this so much they're all focusing in on diversity and inclusion the new cast represents multiple skin tones and cultures characters with different family experiences and neurodivergence autumn one of the new characters was born with a limb difference and we learned that that doesn't stop her from being adventurous and an avid lover of animals in the planet so you can watch all these new lego friends on the lego youtube channel they have new episodes and it's called lego friends the next chapter and it is beautiful adorable oh who doesn't love legos i want to go to legoland you know they have that yeah atlanta we should go together we should go together we will have to plan that oh my goodness yes elizabeth yeah now have you seen any items with our kids favorite tv characters because those kiddos they love some tv characters now i i love mickey mouse that's my favorite character oh i'm so with you well this is paw patrol and paw patrol is celebrating its 10th anniversary i can't believe it i remember when it came out it is now airing in 180 countries in 30 languages get this it's in 350 million homes so this is the paw patrol aqua pups whale patroller this vehicle has real working wheels and lots of fun features it really has everything for our favorite pups and kids to head out on their rescue missions it includes chase who's on the case and his rescue vehicle this all looks just like it does in the tv show and kids are going to put chase into the cockpit of his vehicle load it up into the patroller's launcher slam down that launching lever and blast chase into action so the new a movie by the way paw patrol mighty movie is coming out in september so we can't wait for that we will never run out of episodes of paw patrol they continue to last forever and ever and kids they love this character they love all the characters in the show that's really awesome to see that there will be a movie coming out this fall but elizabeth are there any new toys that will actually help the parents get their kiddos to bed after a long day of play yeah so you know this can be a struggle for a lot of families we have four kids we went through it this is tony's now tony's this little box here is a screen free digital listening experience kids will pick up a little piece place it on the top and they're gonna get songs stories lessons well now they are introducing sleepy friends collections this is wonderful it's going to help with bedtime routines soothing beautiful lullaby songs sweet bedtime stories beautifully composed melodies and even one of them has a warm glowing light we can on some of them record our own personalized messages for bedtime time so prayers or songs whatever it might be that's going to help get your little one to sleep i just love these i love it where was that when i was a kiddo i know twinkle little star exactly oh my goodness no are there any new items that the kids are going you know to be searching for and collecting because the kids that they love their toys they love when new things arrive yes all right kids and adults or i like to say kid adults are gonna love this this is the mga mini verse you're a kidult noah i know that you are this is the hottest new collectible product on the market now check this out mga is making all of its iconic brands in many form so we've got the little mini types adorable little mini brats look how cute they are with their cosmetics and all the accessories look at that look at the little tikes i absolutely adore this and then here's what makes me super excited the make it mini food now look at this my husband and i made this food last night this is the only mini food collectible yes you actually make it it comes in a ball you open up the ball there's all these little secret ingredients you open those and then you get to make your own food then once you make it you put it in the sun takes about five minutes to set and then you can play with it and display it we're talking about yummy waffles cinnamon rolls donuts shakes we've got containers of milk that have actual liquid in them there's over 100 ingredients and every time you open this up it's a surprise you have no idea what you're going to be able to make and i'm telling you my hubby and i had a blast doing this it was date night for us i have to tell you no it's not edible but you can actually make it and then play with it and yeah don't eat it but they look so beautiful you can't you just have to display them when they're done but they're adorable it's about like when me my twin sister used to play with play-doh i used to love the smell i would try to eat it even though it says it contains wheat but kids don't eat play-doh that's right it doesn't even taste really good i've had a little bit of it well don't do it yeah yeah i know been there no oh my goodness that is hilarious uh but tell us what's new and exciting in the world of games and gaming because that's a really popular thing i think a lot of us i think a lot of the kids now like the nintendo switch that's like the new thing i still play the week but and you know they you know they like it they like it because it's portable and they can take it with them so let's talk about portable gaming this is where it's at arcade one up infinity game board now check this out this is a 18 and a half inch high definition touch screen right now i'm playing whack-a-mole this game board revolutionizes game night because check this out you can actually play all of your favorite board games on this digital game board wherever you are or wherever you go you bring it with you monopoly scrabble trivial pursuit shoots and ladders candyland let's see all of it yeah over 100 games lots of fun no more worrying about missing parts or needing a ton of space to put all your games they're all right inside of here so it's great for the whole family up to six players can play it at the same time and if you get one and i have one you and i can play over the internet via wi-fi so you and i can play games together like what we have to get that i know how much is that so did you know elizabeth yeah it's 499 dollars and and the original that's less than half of what the original table which is this huge one here it's less than half of that and it goes with you everywhere but think about it it's every single board game you can dream of and more i don't know if you ever go inside of a walmart elizabeth but they have these big massive arcades that you can buy now i was like oh yes you can buy an arcade to keep that's right and that's this company arcade one up they bring the only true at home arcade experience to you with all licensed products so that's this exact company oh i love it that's so awesome we all got to stay tuned for that i'm gonna have to uh i'm gonna have to ask the easter bunny to give that for you yeah that's right yeah easter bunny don't forget your parents try to put that in the basket yeah it's a big basket a lot of fun though a lot of family fun with that we'll have to have a big basket for that now elizabeth tell us where can the viewers and listeners go for more information on all these great toys that you have on display well thank you you can go to our website which is wernerinfo.com or to my social media elizabeth werner tv elizabeth water tv go follow her you guys so nice to see you once again i'm so glad that you're doing well i'm doing great over here i'm feeling better than ever so thank goodness thank goodness i'm so happy to hear that and you're doing great and i loved watching you talk about the nickelodeon show you're doing so many fun things i just oh yes the kids choice awards yes we should get slime together we wanted to go to the kids choice awards oh i'm i'll volunteer yeah they say it tastes awful i don't care i still want to maybe we'll make our own slime and do it yes yeah i mean green slime yes foreign thank you so much elizabeth so great to see you i'll talk to you a little later but you take care and have a great day okay thank you so much you as well thanks for having me thank you bye-bye bye-bye  if you're looking for the best toys for ages 5 plus years a list you must see we made this list based on our personal preference and sorted it based on their features prices quality durability and reputation of the manufacturers and customer feedback also we've included options for every type of customer so let's get started [music] at the first position of our list we have playmobilmars space.john your little explorer can journey into uncharted worlds with this playmobil mars space station it's equipped with functioning lights underneath the central hub in an illuminated station interior plus all the tools any adventure some astronaut might need the crew can enter central command from a front ramp and a super cool rotating hatch boys will love this toy set is excellent for imaginative play while encouraging boys to learn about science and space too moving on to the next at number two with hot wheels track builder system race crate there are few toys as classic as hot wheels the hot wheels track builder system race crate is a new take on the classic toys introduces multi-car track perfect for playtime with friends four cars can race simultaneously traveling down a steep track and through a massive stunt loop before reaching the finish line this awesome car track folds up into a crate with storage and a handle making it great for travel and bringing the friends houses for play dates this track building set is compatible with other hot wheels tracks so your little one can build a giant race car track of his own the number three position is held by ultimate fort building kit 120 pi ecs one of the best toys for five year olds in 2021 is this ford kit by amabi building a ford is such a fun activity for a five-year-old our five-year-olds and hours building different designs and use blankets and pillows to make the ultimate fort design your little one can build a cave rocket igloo princess castle tunnel tv toy tents or whatever the imagination takes them next at number four we have mellie ssa and doug grocery store if there is one thing my five-year-old loves the most it is to pretend to do something adults do this grocery store is absolutely amazing and great for imaginative play this wooden grocery store is designed for kids to be able to be the shopper the grocer working the checkout stand if you have two kids in the same age range this is a great combined gift as they both will love it the number five position is held by sally walkie talk es these celeb walkie talkies have tons of features while still being simple for young kids to operate they include 22 channels for two-way radio a backlit lcd screen a flashlight and three full miles of range they are great for everyday use but they're also fun to take on a camping or hiking trip if your five-year-old boy loves gadgets he'll find hours of fun with these walkie-talkies the number six position is dominated by paw patrol ultimate re-scue fire truck featured in the popular children's show paw patrol this ultimate rescue fire truck will bring the adventure home for your little firefighter this epic fire truck features a two foot tall ladder perfect for rescuing animals stuck in trees what's more this truck even has working water cannons which can be launched from the truck to fight fires flashing lights and sirens make this truck the perfect toy for imaginative play moving on to the next at number 7 with melee ssa and dug around the town road rug when buying toys for active little boys you can't go wrong with a road rug check out the round the town road rug by melissa and doug it features a brightly colored town scene with parking spaces roadways a farm and houses to drive past using the four wooden cars included in this playset this durable non-skid rug is perfect for wood tile and carpet surfaces and is machine washable making it a perfect choice for little tikes hours of fun await your five-year-old boy and his friends with this interactive roadruck the number 8 position is held by play doh 36 pack case of colors unleash your child's creative genius with an incredible array of colors in this play-doh 36-pack of colors this classic modeling material has unlimited uses and can be molded and shapes into creations from your child's wildest dreams play dough is a perfect gift for five year old boys and is perfect for traveling and sharing with friends you might even find yourself joining in the artistic fun next at number 9 we have marvel spider-man 2ts and ladders board game if you love the classic hash bro shoots and ladders game as a child you'll have tons of fun teaching your little guy to play their super cool spider-man shoots and ladders version board games encourage important skills like taking turns and following directions and your boy will have a ball climbing shoot and avoiding ladders as popular characters like spider-man white tiger iron spider power man venom black cat green goblin and rhino finally the number 10 position is dominated by monopoly junior board game looking for a game that will keep five year old boys busy along with the rest of the family look no further monopoly junior is the game for you it's everything we know and love about the original game simplified for kids the colorful board features properties such as the zoo and the candy store and has four large unique tokens made for little hands enjoy family game night together as you make your way around the board buying properties and taking chances that's all for today we upload product review videos every single day so don't forget to subscribe and hit the bell icon for the upcoming video notification  [music] [applause] [music] so [music] [applause] [music] [applause] [music] right punch left punch train hard before the real challenge comes every moment is a critical punch high quality speaker for breathtaking sound effects battling robot with power fist combo punches multiple damages when two fists collide only one survives robo combat by silverlit eco and friends presents robo dash a lively robo pet that grows while you pet the more you pet his head the longer he gets walk with him and he'll follow wave your hand he'll chase his tail barks and walks like a real puppy roll his ball out he'll fetch it for you robo dash your new robotic pet friend by silverland hey parents check out this fun toy from hasbro [applause] [music] [applause] [music] [applause] tick tock boom start the timer and pick a card doggy say a word that starts with the letters on the card now toss the timer to the next player hurry time is running out the explosively fun ward game tick tock boom like a lion battery's not included so [music] bye [music] [music] you [music] robo chameleon move aim and catch meet the most colorful and cute robot animal use the remote control to shoot out his tongue instant changing light effects with funny rotating eyes aim and catch change colors in the blink of an eye [music] fast and smart this little fellow goes around and wants to play with you robo chameleon will catch your eye and your heart aim for fun robo chameleon by silverlift [music] you  hello and welcome to our channel as parents we always want the best for our kids especially when it comes to their toys in this video we will be sharing with you the top 5 best toys for kids in 2023 these toys are not only entertaining but also educational perfect for kids of all ages so sit back relax and let's dive in number five picasso tiles 100 piece set dream big and build big no limitations scalable to build as big as desired by adding more pieces to create the masterpiece picasso tiles and colossal styles learning by playing never too early to start developing kids creativity children can acquire strong sense of color geometrical shapes including 3d forms numbers counts magnetic polarities and architectural design at early age bonding by playing entertaining for single or multiple parties and feel the sense of achievement together suitable for all ages three plus and up by one party of in groups a great way to spend quality time with the family and loved ones learning is fun encourage creativity which is the key factor to success in today's ever-changing environments fun and entertaining perfect educational presence for school-aged children that will never go out of style number four exploding kittens card game party pack edition a kitten-powered russian roulette card game for up to 10 perfect party game for family and friends who are into kittens and explosions and laser beams and sometimes goats now for double the players game of the year award winner more than 10 million copies sold breaking records in kids games adult games and everything in between a simple card game for kids and adults perfect for all occasions including a family game night beach trip road trip or drinking with friends beginner friendly just two minutes to learn if you draw an exploding kitten you lose and you are full of loser sad sauce all the other cards in the deck help you avoid or mitigate your risk of drawing an exploding kitten number three fisher price harley-davidson tough trike a tricked out trike cool harley davidson styling pedal-powered bigfoot pedals make it easy for little riders to get rolling rugged durable tires and stable wheelbase for added safety shoe secret storage compartment under the seat this best-selling tricycle is built to be tough thanks to its wide durable wheels sturdy construction and convenient storage under the seat for toys or acorns rocks or whatever your kids might pick up along their ride it's the perfect getaway vehicle for kids from ages two to five number two bluey bus plus mates 2.5 to 3 inch figures as a mother of two i firmly believe that there are just two kinds of people in the world people who love bluey and people who just haven't seen blue yet the healer family tends to excel at imaginative play on the disney plus cartoon and this bus which comes with bluey bingo their teacher calypso and three more school friends is the perfect way to pretend right along with them hooray this bluey bus is ideal for kids ages 3 and up bluey's bus is the best way to go on an adventure around bluey's hometown brisbane louie's bus comes with six play figures bluey bingo layla coco winton and calypso turn the dial on the front of bluey's bus to select your destination bluey's bus can see all six 2.5 inch-3 bluey figures the figures are posable for realistic play number one lego classic large creative brick box engage your kids in pretend play by letting them build their own play toys such as creating a toy house or toy scooter this classic creative kit of lego bricks comes with 33 different colored bricks this brick box includes eight different types of toy windows and toy doors two green base plates and six toy tires and toy will rims to create hours of creativity for kids plus the lego inspired packaging serves as toy storage kids will become creative builders as they use these color toys to build a figure or build a castle while also engaging in kids playtime the large build and play lego creative brick toy playset is compatible with all lego construction sets for never-ending creative play and that concludes our list of the top 5 best toys for kids in 2023 we hope you found this video informative and helpful in choosing the perfect toy for your child don't forget to like and subscribe to our channel for more exciting content thank you for watching "

----------

"technology undergirds much of today\u2019s learning environments, as it does for most of modern human life. at any time, all of us are tied to the screens of smartphones and computers, including laptops. but using the technology in our hands is the easiest part. buying them is the hardest part. this is also true for mobile devices as it is for desktop computers and laptops. so, which laptop is best for students? in this article, we look into 21 of the best laptops that have received the approval of tech pundits. there are also snippets that point out what they are best for\u2014such as best in versatility or portability. the key specifications are also outlined to help you get a clear overview of a laptop quickly. in 2020, back-to-college spending in the united states reached a total of $67.7 billion, according to the national retail federation (2020). of this amount, $5.4 billion were spent on school supplies. a big percentage of this could have gone towards laptops, as these devices have become essential to college students for completing their homework and projects. this is absolutely true, considering the current educational preference for distance learning or elearning. and this is as true whether it\u2019s for teaching adults or kids. indeed, 81% of students have laptops to help them through college. of these, 72% choose a laptop based on price and spend $761.32 on average. additionally, 8% of students are willing to go with laptops that cost more than $1,500, and 13% have a range of $1,200 to $1,500 when looking for a laptop computer. for laptops that are within the $900 to $1,200 price range, 22% of students were looking at these. furthermore, 24%, 20%, and 138% look at laptops that are priced below $300, $300 to $600, and $600 to $900, respectively. clearly, laptops rule the educational space, serving students no matter the education degrees they\u2019re pursuing. fortunately, there are laptops that come within range of the budget of average students. below are a selection that hits the mark when it comes to price and performance, and some that go beyond the average amount spent on a laptop for college. laptops have become a necessity in today\u2019s world, especially for students who need reliable devices for their studies and projects. however, with so many options available in the market, it can be overwhelming to choose the right one, especially if you are working with a tight budget. we will explore the best affordable laptops for college students that offer a perfect balance of performance, portability, and affordability. whether you are looking for a laptop for general use, video editing, gaming, or simply browsing, this guide has got you covered. we have done the research and testing to bring you the most reliable and affordable laptops for students of all ages. so, grab a cup of coffee, sit back, and read on to find the perfect laptop for your needs. display: 13.3\u2033 fhd oled (1920 x 1080), 100% dci-p3, 400 nits, touchscreen\nprocessor: qualcomm\u00ae snapdragon\u2122 sc7180 processor (8x kryo 468 cpu, up to 2.55 ghz)\nram: 4 gb lpddr4x 2133mhz (soldered)\ncapacity: 256 gb emmc\ngraphics card: integrated qualcomm adreno gpu\nbattery life: up to 15 hours\nballpark price: $394.99. the lenovo chromebook duet 5 13\u2033 is a radical departure from the low-cost chromebook duet of the previous year. while the increased price may deter some buyers, the substantial hardware updates make this 2-in-1 chromebook just as appealing. as long as you\u2019re looking for a laptop and not a tablet, the lenovo ideapad duet 5 chromebook packs a punch with great battery life, a stunning display, and a redesigned form factor that improves on last year\u2019s model (loeffler, 2022). when you open up the duet 5, the 13.3-inch oled display will make you double-take at the sub-$500 price tag, but the fabric back shell and keyboard cover are carried over from the previous edition. additionally, the battery life has been increased to nearly 13 hours on a single charge, and the qualcomm snapdragon 7c gen 2 cpu has been vastly enhanced. display: 15.6\u2033 full hd (1920 x 1080) ips display\nprocessor: intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1155g7 processor\nram: 8 gb standard memory\ncapacity: 256 gb solid state drive\ngraphics card: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae xe graphics\nbattery life: 7.5 hours\nballpark price: $499.99. the acer aspire vero is the best laptop for the environment, and it has gotten even better since last year\u2019s model. the protective laptop case and keyboard sheet used by acer are both made from 100% recycled polyester, and the company has developed a method to use up to 90% recycled paper in its packaging. the divider within the box can also be used to prop up your laptop (cuevas, 2022). the new acer aspire vero is an upgrade in many respects. it may not be substantially more eco-friendly than the previous version, but it outperforms its predecessor in every way that matters to consumer computers. however, this is a generalist\u2019s notebook, not a specialist\u2019s, so don\u2019t get it if you want to play aaa games or edit 4k videos. this vero gets an a+ for being more eco-friendly than most while still providing excellent performance for less than $1,000. display: 14\u2033 thin bezel full hd ips-level 60hz 45% ntsc\nprocessor: amd ryzen\u2122 5 5500u 2.1 \u2013 4.0ghz\nram: 8gb (8gb *1) ddr4 3200mhz\ncapacity: 256gb nvme ssd\ngraphics card: amd radeon\u2122 graphics\nbattery life: up to 9 hours\nballpark price: $599.99. the modern 14 is stylish for one of the cheap laptops for students. it\u2019s nothing special, but the general design is pleasant. the chassis is painted in a sleek black metallic that glints subtly in the light. the display isn\u2019t very impressive, but it\u2019s crisp and bright, so there shouldn\u2019t be any issues. the ips panel is easy on the eyes from any angle since it doesn\u2019t distort or darken too much as well as, or better than, the screen on a laptop of this price range, as may be expected. although it lacks any truly remarkable features, the msi modern 14 stands out because of its solid performance and lack of significant sacrifices. not the speediest computer compared to other major laptops in the $600\u2013$1,000 price range, but it does a respectable job for the money. the msi modern 14 strikes a better mix than most budget laptops we\u2019ve encountered between mobility, adequate connectivity, and overall comfort for the price (buzzi, 2021). display: 12.4\u201d pixelsense\u2122 display, 1536 x 1024 (148 ppi)\nprocessor: quad core 11th gen intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1135g7 processor\nram: 4gb or 8gb lpddr4x\ncapacity: removable drive (ssd) options: 128gb, 256gb\ngraphics card: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae xe graphics\nbattery life: up to 13.5 hours of typical device usage\nballpark price: $599.99. microsoft\u2019s cheapest laptop is also its lightest and most portable option, having a 12.4-inch screen and weighing in at little under two and a half pounds. however, the 3:2 aspect ratio, backlit keyboard, high-quality audio output and microphone input, and silky-smooth touchpad are all hallmarks of the surface design (seifert, 2022). it\u2019s only a little upgrade that swaps out the aging cpu for a newer, more powerful intel 11th generation chip and improves on a few other details. additionally, the better webcam and the sustainable and environmental construction with some replaceable parts are also welcome additions. the good low-cost laptop we saw before is mostly unchanged, which is not to say that it is any less satisfactory. the quality is superior to that of most products in this price range, and the base cost is cheap. although it does have a few flaws, every laptop in this price range is going to have some. the surface laptop go 2 might be one of the finest cheap laptops for college students to purchase if it fits your budget and you like the way it looks. display: 15.6\u2033 diagonal, fhd (1920 x 1080), multitouch-enabled, ips, 250 nits\nprocessor: amd ryzen\u2122 5 5625u (up to 4.3 ghz, 16 mb l3 cache, 6 cores, 12 threads)\nram: 8 gb ddr4-3200 sdram (2 x 4 gb)\ncapacity: 256 gb pcie\u00ae nvme\u2122 m.2 ssd\ngraphics card: amd radeon\u2122 graphics\nbattery life: up to 10 hours\nballpark price: $629.99. the hp envy x360 is a sleek and stylish laptop that would look great on display in your favorite local cafe. it is so light that you can easily carry it in one hand, making it the kind of laptop you\u2019ll want to bring with you everywhere you go. the hp envy x360 quickly becomes a reliable gadget during the working day, thanks to its great all-day battery life (considering how you use it). in reality, its sole weakness is shown while typing for long periods of time. the keyboard is responsive and comfortable enough, but the laptop is only a 13-inch model, so both the keyboard and the trackpad are rather cramped for space (allen, 2022). for students looking for a powerful entertainment machine that can also be easily carried from class to class and used for schoolwork, the hp envy x360 is a great choice. it\u2019s not a gaming laptop, and programmers will want to spring for a more powerful processor for optimal performance, but the laptop is attractive and well-built for its intended purpose. display: 13.3\u2033 lcd touchscreen display; full hd 1920\u00d71080 (166 ppi)/4k ultra hd molecular display\u2122 3840\u00d72160 (331 ppi)\nprocessor: 8th gen intel\u00ae core\u2122 m3, i5, or i7 processor\nram: 8gb/16 gb\ncapacity: 128 gb/256 gb\ngraphics card: intel uhd 615\nbattery life: up to 12 hours of use\nballpark price: $649. if you\u2019re looking for the best chromebook but don\u2019t want to spend $1,000, go no further than google\u2019s new pixelbook go. this chromebook has relatively few drawbacks for both casual users and diehard followers of google and chrome os. however, its long battery life and excellent keyboard are only two of its many selling qualities (osborne, 2021). the google pixelbook go lacks premium features such as fingerprint scanners. it\u2019s not the priciest chromebook available, but its not the cheapest either. additionally, while its base configuration is reasonably priced, it becomes less of a bargain as you move up the specifications ladder. should you even bother checking out the google pixelbook go if you have to deal with these drawbacks? it has some merit. those wishing to upgrade from tablets or antiquated laptops will be impressed by its 1080p webcam, long battery life, and great keyboard. also, it\u2019s the cheapest entry point into the rest of google\u2019s offerings. display: 14\u2033 full hd (1920 x 1080) 16:9\nprocessor: intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1135g7 processor quad-core 2.40 ghz\nram: 12 gb, ddr4 sdram\ncapacity: 256gb pcie solid state drive\ngraphics card: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae xe graphics shared memory\nbattery life: 10 hours\nballpark price: $649.99. the aspire 5 series appears to be a viable alternative in its budget-oriented category, but it must be assessed for what it is: a low-cost laptop built on tiger lake technology that is quick for daily usage and capable of casual gaming, so long as you go with one of the iris xe options. the hardware is accompanied by a decent (for the budget range) chassis, ports, typing experience, screen quality, and battery life. this laptop from acer has a powerful quad-core intel i5-1135g7 cpu, along with plenty of ram and storage space. the aspire won\u2019t set any records, but it has enough power to run office programs, browsers with many tabs open, and even some basic photo-editing software(joseph, 2022). there\u2019s no denying that acer\u2019s low-priced portable has a few obvious drawbacks. the design is dull, the screen is lifeless, and there aren\u2019t many fancy extras to speak about. although those problems are bothersome, at less than a thousand dollars, this device is still worth considering. this laptop may still serve as a daily device due to its sturdy construction and screen\u2019s ability to handle most functionalities. the battery will last through a whole workday, the screen is responsive, and the keyboard is fine. display: 14.00 inch 16:10, 1920\u00d71200 pixel 162 ppi, 10-point capacitive, native pen support\nprocessor: intel core i5-1235u 10 x 0.9 \u2013 4.4 ghz\nram: 16 gb lpddr4x 4266 mhz, dual-channel\ncapacity: samsung pm9b1 512gb\ngraphics card: intel iris xe graphics g7 80eus\nbattery life: 9 hours\nballpark price: $749.99. despite its portability and versatility, the 2-in-1 convertible laptop is no longer considered a high-end device. you may find these for a low price in the same places you purchase cheap traditional clamshells. a case in point is the lenovo ideapad flex 5i. switching between touch-tablet and regular laptop modes is a breeze because of its light 3.31-pound design. the 14-inch screen size is becoming more and more popular for convertibles, and the new design of the hinges and the sensitive touchscreen gives this device great value (blackford, 2022). while it has room for improvement in a few key areas\u2014most notably its panel\u2019s brightness and its battery life\u2014it\u2019s hard to find a better value than this one among 2-in-1s in this price range. you wouldn\u2019t want to use it for gaming, but it has more than enough power for everyday tasks. overall, this may be a good option if you\u2019re a typical student or work-at-home professional. the retail version of the flex 5i is ideal for those who need a cheap convertible for basic office work, online surfing, and video chats on the go. display: 13.4\u2033, fhd+ 1920 x 1200, 60hz, non-touch, anti-glare, 500 nit, infinityedge\nprocessor: 12th gen intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1230u (12 mb cache, 10 cores, 12 threads, up to 4.40 ghz turbo)\nram: 8 gb, lpddr5, 5200 mhz, integrated, dual-channel\ncapacity: 512gb pcie nvme x2 solid state drive onboard\ngraphics card: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae xe graphics\nbattery life: 10 hours\nballpark price: $799. the dell xps 13\u2019s small profile is the result of extensive engineering. it has grown to 0.55 inches in thickness. though it\u2019s just 5% slimmer than its predecessor, this device feels much lighter in hand. because the display on the xps 13 is already excellent, dell decided not to update it this year. the 13.4-inch infinityedge display on this machine is one of the nicest you\u2019ll find on a laptop, with slim bezels and high image quality that will let you lose yourself in your work. port-wise, it\u2019s the bare minimum possible, with just two thunderbolt 4 usb-c connectors and no headphone jack or microsd card slot. the usb-c to usb-a converter allows you to use the laptop with older peripherals, and the usb-c to 3.5mm adapter lets you use wired headphones on the laptop. the cpus in this xps 13 model aren\u2019t strong enough to handle heavy-duty applications requiring more than 16gb ram or 512gb storage, but most users should be ok with the base setup. the new xps 13 seems to be dell\u2019s answer to the phenomenal popularity of the m1 macbook air. it\u2019s not quite as fast or as long-lasting as the latter, but for the price, it\u2019s hard to beat (larsen, 2022). display: 13.3-inches, 1920 by 1200 resolution, 60 hz ips panel\nprocessor: amd ryzen 7 5800u 1.9 ghz\nram: 16 gb\ncapacity: 512 gb ssd\ngraphics card: amd radeon graphics\nbattery life: 12 hours\nballpark price: $799.99. hp\u2019s pavilion aero is a welcome relief for those on a strict budget. this ultraportable computer has all the features you would want for less than a grand, including speedy processing, a brilliant screen, long battery life, and a sufficient number of inputs and outputs. the pavilion aero is just as powerful as its more expensive siblings, but it lacks the luxury feel of those machines. the aero\u2019s performance may match that of laptops costing twice as much, thanks to its amd ryzen processor (tracy, 2021). but it\u2019s not just about brute force. the 13.3-inch display, long battery life, and unusual assortment of connectors complement the powerful processor. while the aero isn\u2019t perfect, as is any popular laptop, the trade-offs appear minor in light of all it offers. this is the type of notebook on which you can confidently begin penning articles immediately after unboxing. the travel is respectable for a notebook of its size, and the keys are of a suitable sizes and spacing. however, hunt-and-peck typists may find the color-matched keys unsatisfactory since the translucent typeface can be difficult to read in some environments. display: 13\u201d pixelsense\u2122 flow display, 2880 x 1920 (267 ppi), up to 120hz refresh rate (60hz default)\nprocessor: quad-core 11th gen intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1135g7 processor; quad-core 11th gen intel\u00ae core\u2122 i7-1185g7 processor\nram: 8gb, 16gb, 32gb (lpddr4x ram)\ncapacity: removable solid-state drive (ssd) options: 128gb, 256gb, 512gb, 1tb\ngraphics card: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae xe graphics (i5, i7)\nbattery life: up to 16 hours of typical device usage\nballpark price: starting from $899.99. the microsoft surface pro 8 has a 13-inch screen and an 11th-generation intel processor. it\u2019s a solid improvement to microsoft\u2019s surface range and a fine 2-in-1 for work and school. however, it\u2019s not ideal for gaming. microsoft appears to have devoted significant resources to re-engineering the surface pro 8\u2019s internals since the company has configured the cpu with a higher tdp than previous generations of the tablet, increasing it to 23w from 15w in the surface pro 7 (guyton, 2022). the latter\u2019s battery only lasted 3 hours and 12 minutes on the pcmark 8 test, which was one of its major flaws. while we\u2019ve subsequently moved on to pcmark 10, the surface pro 8 easily outperforms that score with its 8 hours and 15 minutes of battery life. microsoft\u2019s newest 2-in-1, the surface pro 8, seems like a generation ahead of its predecessors. the high-performance central processing unit means you won\u2019t have to worry about any noticeable lag, whether watching videos, talking online, or doing any of your regular computer activities. microsoft\u2019s windows 11 os also seems like it was built just for the mobile device. display: 13.3\u2033 diagonal, wuxga (1920 x 1200), multitouch-enabled, ips, edge-to-edge glass, micro-edge, corning\u00ae gorilla\u00ae glass nbt\u2122, 400 nits, 100% srgb[17]\nprocessor: intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1230u (up to 4.4 ghz with intel\u00ae turbo boost technology, 12 mb l3 cache, 10 cores, 12 threads)[6,7]\nram: 8 gb lpddr4x-4266 sdram (onboard)\ncapacity: 512 gb pcie\u00ae nvme\u2122 tlc m.2 ssd[21]\ngraphics card: integrated: intel\u00ae uhd graphics\nbattery life: up to 17 hours and 30 minutes\nballpark price: $899.99. hp\u2019s envy 13 proves once again why it is the best value, thanks to its attractive price tag, speedy performance, and lengthy battery life. the envy 13\u2019s metal chassis may not be as high-end as its more expensive sibling, but it does have some attractive design touches, like the chrome trim all around the touchpad and the bold wedge form. the bar-style hinge, in particular, demands a comforting amount of energy to spin, further adding to the item\u2019s sense of solidity. the 13.3-inch, 1080p touchscreen display on the envy 13 is one of the finest you can get for the price. although it lacks 4k resolution, an oled panel, and an unusual aspect ratio, the screen excels in the essentials by providing a display that is both crisp and colorful. the core i5 component can handle most common computer tasks with ease, and its pc mark 10 score is on par with that of the core i7 processors on msi and dell laptops (jennings, 2021). this is to be expected from such configurations, as they focus on realistic use cases. additionally, the 1080p display is sharp and colorful, the keyboard is comfortable to use, and you still get a thunderbolt 4 input and two usb type-a connections for peripherals like mice and cameras. the addition of an intel processor from the 11th generation has made a great thing much better. display: 14\u2033 wuxga (1920 x 1200) 16:10 touchscreen\nprocessor: intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1235u processor deca-core 1.30 ghz\nram: 16 gb, lpddr4x\ncapacity: 256 gb ssd\ngraphics card: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae xe graphics shared memory\nbattery life: up to 13 hours\nballpark price: $999.99. the acer chromebook spin 714 is a powerful and versatile 2-in-1 chromebook with an air of sophistication, thanks to its chrome accents. the spin 714 is not your average chromebook with its evo-certified intel core i5 1235u engine, intel iris xe integrated gpu, 16gb of ram, and 256gb of storage (ramirez, 2022). a student, teacher, or remote professional may all benefit from this ultraportable laptop because of its focus on efficiency. the 14-inch, 16:10 screen provides more vertical space than the 3:2 panel, making it more comfortable working with many windows simultaneously while watching videos. because of this, the spin 714 may be used for both work and pleasure, blurring the lines between the two. the fact that it can also function as a tablet increases its versatility even more. the aluminum chassis of the acer chromebook spin 714, which has a slate blue color, appears to be built to last. its slate blue body has some wonderful mild metallic flakes, but it\u2019s the chrome accents that give this chromebook a touch of poshness appropriate for the office. display: 13.3-inch (diagonal) led-backlit display with ips technology; 2560-by-1600 native resolution at 227 pixels per inch with support for millions of colors\nprocessor: m1 8-core cpu with 4 perform\u00adance cores and 4 efficiency cores 16-core neural engine\nram: 8gb unified memory; configurable to 16gb\ncapacity: 256gb ssd; configurable to 512gb ssd, 1tb, or 2tb\ngraphics card: 7-core gpu, 8-core gpu\nbattery life: up to 18 hours\nballpark price: $999. what you thought a macbook air was before seeing the apple macbook air with m1 may be safely forgotten. although it retains its trademark wedge design, the macbook pro 13\u2033 is now one of the most powerful laptops available and easily destroys intel\u2019s cpus. because of this, a new era for the macbook air began with pro-grade power that competes with and frequently outperforms intel-based windows pcs (casey, 2023). apple silicon brings ios and ipados applications to the mac app store and delivers unprecedented speed. macos big sur is an attractive overhaul of apple\u2019s desktop os, and it greatly improves camera quality. although it still has some issues, apple\u2019s new macbook air is the closest they\u2019ve ever been to creating the ideal notebook. due in large part to the high-quality components and meticulous construction, the air\u2019s recognizable form factor has endured the test of time. the macbook air with m1 has the highest performance and battery life of any laptop in the sub-$1000 category. plus, it has a stunning new operating system, a better webcam, and enhanced compatibility with ipados and ios (with mobile app support), so it comes highly recommended by me. in the fast-paced and ever-evolving world of technology, students require powerful and reliable laptops that can keep up with their demanding needs and multitasking abilities. while budget laptops may be suitable for basic use, they may not have the processing power or the necessary features to handle more demanding tasks like graphic design, video editing, or programming. that\u2019s where premium laptops come in. in this blog, we will introduce you to some of the best laptops for students that offer the latest hardware, powerful performance, and sleek designs. these laptops are designed to provide students with the tools they need to excel in their studies, research, and projects. whether you\u2019re a student who needs a laptop for school, university, or just for personal use, this guide will help you find the best cheap laptop for your needs. display: 13.6-inch (diagonal) led-backlit display with ips technology;1 2560-by-1664 native resolution at 224 pixels per inch with support for 1 billion colors\nprocessor: 8-core cpu with 4 performance cores and 4 efficiency cores\nram: 8gb unified memory; configurable to 16gb or 24gb\ncapacity: 256gb ssd; configurable to 512gb, 1tb, or 2tb\ngraphics card: 8-core gpu\nbattery life: up to 18 hours\nballpark price: starting at $1,099. if you\u2019re looking for a premium laptop and don\u2019t mind spending a little more, the macbook air m2 is your best bet. it has a wonderfully compact shape for its high-quality performance, battery life (which can last for more than 14 hours), and display (which is both brilliant and colorful). much of the form factor and design of the new macbook air comes from the macbook pro 14 and 16. it\u2019s more brutalist in appearance than previous macbook air models, having a symmetrical and squared design. but it\u2019s really thin, measuring just a hair over 11 mm, and you\u2019ll notice the difference the moment you open the lid and start typing. the display quality of the macbook air m2 has now caught up to that of the macbook pro m2, and this is a major improvement. there are no compromises in the 13.6-inch display\u2019s brightness, color, or resolution (2560 x 1664 pixels) for movie playback, image editing, or any other use. compared to the revolutionary m1 from 2020, this update is more modest, but it\u2019s still up to 18% faster and has 35% more powerful graphics (gibbs, 2022). the m2 transforms the macbook air into a powerful and speedy computer that can easily perform both everyday tasks and short bursts of more intensive work. display: 16\u2033, 3k 3072 x 1920, 60hz, wva, non-touch, anti-glare, 300 nit, comfortview plus\nprocessor: 12th generation intel\u00ae core\u2122 i7-12700h (24mb cache, up to 4.7 ghz, 14 cores)\nram: 16 gb, 8 gb, ddr5, 4800 mhz, integrated + 1 x 8 gb, ddr5, 4800 mhz\ncapacity: 512 gb, m.2, pcie nvme, ssd\ngraphics card: nvidia\u00ae geforce rtx\u2122 3050 ti, 4 gb gddr6\nbattery life: more than 15 hours\nballpark price: $1,199.99. the newest dell inspiron 16 plus isn\u2019t the ideal desktop replacement, but it has powerful hardware for the price, including a 12th-generation intel h-series processor and nvidia rtx graphics. the inspiron is constructed and designed in a way that belies the reasonably powerful components within; it has a clean, minimalist aesthetic with a splash of subdued color. apple\u2019s macbooks and dell\u2019s xps series have found tremendous success with this design, but inspiron\u2019s design and materials don\u2019t quite live up to that premium feel. keeping things simple might help keep costs down, but the inspiron 16 plus ends up seeming more like a generic consumer notebook than the very powerful and pricey laptop it actually is. additionally, the rtx 3060 ought to be able to support 1080p gaming at approximately 60 frames per second, and it will be useful for jobs like photoshop or video editing, though the screen\u2019s low color accuracy means it won\u2019t be perfect for creative professionals. the rtx 3050 will also support 1080p gaming but at a much lower frame rate until the graphics settings are tweaked (buzzi, 2022). display: 13.4\u2033, fhd+ 1920 x 1200, 60hz, touch, anti-glare, 500 nit, infinityedge\nprocessor: 12th gen intel\u00ae core\u2122 i5-1240p (12 mb cache, 12 cores, 16 threads, up to 4.40 ghz turbo)\nram: 8 gb, lpddr5, 5200 mhz, integrated, dual-channel\ncapacity: 512 gb, m.2, gen 4 pcie, ssd\ngraphics card: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae xe graphics\nbattery life: up to 13 hours\nballpark price: $1,299.00. the dell xps 13 plus is a compact notebook with a unique appearance and excellent performance. additionally, the oled screen is fantastic, and the keyboard is quite pleasant to use. however, some may be wary due to the short battery life and capacitive function row. the metal and glass construction of the xps 13 plus is superb. strong as a rock, that\u2019s how the lid would describe its durability. if you don\u2019t open it up and look at the screen, you won\u2019t be able to tell it from the standard xps. clever decisions in the system\u2019s architecture enable a 28 w processor to be used. this is a significant accomplishment since the 2021 xps 13 has a 15 w chip, and the 2022 xps 13 supports up to a 12 w chip. of course, this is also an example of function preceding form. using the xps 13 plus was, to put it bluntly, unnatural. this device may be a pain to use regularly due to several factors, including but not limited to its limited port choices, shaky build quality, and uncomfortable temperature levels when in use. there are benefits to the xps 13 plus\u2019s performance, but some design decisions may make you go elsewhere for a powerful yet portable laptop if you want to use this one as your primary device (harding, 2022). display: 15.6\u2033 fhd, ips-level 144hz 45%ntsc 1920\u00d71080 (16:9)\nprocessor: core i7-11800h 8 core 2.4 \u2013 4.6ghz\nram: 6g gddr6\ncapacity: 512gb nvme ssd\ngraphics card: nvidia\u00ae geforce rtx\u2122 3060 laptop gpu\nbattery life: up to 6 hours\nballpark price: $1299.00. the msi katana gf66 stands out as an excellent deal among 15.6-inch, low-cost gaming laptops, thanks to its nvidia geforce rtx 3060 graphics processing unit, 8-core intel core i7 processor, and decent storage. especially in light of escalating core-component pricing and a rethinking of what constitutes a \u201ccheap\u201d gaming laptop, the katana fulfills gaming fundamentals without noticeable drawbacks, despite its shorter battery life and less vivid screen. the katana\u2019s hardware connections include an hdmi 2.0b video output, an ethernet jack, and a headphone jack, as well as three usb 3.2 gen 1 ports (two type-a and one type-c). although it\u2019s quite portable, gamers won\u2019t want to take advantage of this gadget because of its subpar performance when not plugged in. the battery life is a problem even while performing productive jobs, so keep that in mind if you\u2019re thinking about buying this as a general-purpose device. you\u2019ll be lucky to get four to six hours of battery, and that depends on how much work you have to do (pcmag, 2021). display: 13.3-inch (diagonal) led-backlit display with ips technology\nprocessor: m2 chip 8-core cpu with 4 performance cores and 4 efficiency cores\nram: 8gb unified memory; configurable to 16gb to 24gb\ncapacity: 256gb ssd; configurable to 512gb, 1tb, or 2tb\ngraphics card: 10-core gpu\nbattery life: up to 20 hours\nballpark price: $1,299.00. the apple macbook pro 13-inch (m2, 2022) has the company\u2019s most up-to-date m2 processor, allowing for fast processing and long battery life. but there\u2019s no fresh look, and this notebook seems a little outdated with the new macbook air hot on its heels (probst, 2022). the macbook\u2019s exterior is quite similar to the one announced by apple in 2016. the aluminum chassis is attractive and is available in either a shiny silver or the review unit\u2019s more understated space gray color. the apple logo is the only distinguishing element on the otherwise featureless lid, and the entire box still manages to measure an astounding 0.61 by 12 by 8.4 inches and weigh in at only 3 pounds. as already mentioned, it\u2019s the first product to include apple\u2019s new m2 processor. the m2 is an improvement over the m1. however, the company was sure to point out that the m1 pro and m1 max chips will still be superior due to the fact that they have more cores. if you\u2019re upgrading from a pre-apple silicon macbook to an apple macbook pro 13-inch, you should consider the m2 model because of its obvious improvement over the m1 model. display: \u200erog nebula display 14-inch qhd+ 16:10 (2560 x 1600, wqxga) ips-level anti-glare display\nprocessor: amd ryzen\u2122 9 6900hs mobile processor (8-core/16-thread, 16mb cache, up to 4.9 ghz max boost)\nram: 8gb ddr5 on board 8gb ddr5-4800 so-dimm\ncapacity: 1tb pcie\u00ae 4.0 nvme\u2122 m.2 ssd\ngraphics card: amd radeon\u2122 rx 6700s 8gb gddr6\nbattery life: up to 10 hours\nballpark price: $1,380.00. the 2022 rog zephyrus g14 is an excellent choice if you want a compact, versatile laptop that won\u2019t break the bank. this g14 from 2022 looks and feels more sophisticated than its predecessors, and it also features improved inputs and connections, higher quality screen choices, a camera, and more powerful hardware, thanks to a revised thermal module. it\u2019s important to know what to anticipate from this laptop before purchasing it, as the high internal and exterior temperatures that come with packing strong specifications into a tiny chassis are to be expected regardless of the platform used. the gaming performance is somewhere between the nvidia geforce rtx 3070 and the rtx 3080 (nast, 2022). its 1440p 120hz monitor allows for smooth gameplay at 60 fps and beyond, even at ultra settings. the 16:10 qhd screen flawlessly displays every frame and every bit of high-resolution artwork. accurate colors and sharp contrast provide stunning visuals in both photo-realistic and stylized art. but it\u2019s not quite great, because the screen could need a little more light. while this won\u2019t be too much of a problem in most situations, the laptop\u2019s mobility will suffer significantly if you\u2019re not using it for gaming. display: 16\u2033 diagonal, 3k+ (3072 x 1920), multitouch-enabled, ips, edge-to-edge glass, micro-edge, corning\u00ae gorilla\u00ae glass nbt\u2122, low blue light, 400 nits, 100% srgb\nprocessor: intel\u00ae core\u2122 i7-12700h (up to 4.7 ghz with intel\u00ae turbo boost technology, 24 mb l3 cache, 14 cores, 20 threads)\nram: 16 gb ddr4-3200 mhz ram (onboard)\ncapacity: 1 tb pcie\u00ae nvme\u2122 tlc m.2 ssd\ngraphics card: integrated: intel\u00ae iris\u00ae x\u1d49 graphics\nbattery life: up to 15 hours\nballpark price: $1,699.99. the hp spectre x360 16 is a great option if you want a hybrid laptop but don\u2019t want to deal with the typical small screen size. it has a beautiful 4k oled touchscreen and can do everything a 2-in-1 tablet should (grevstad, 2022). the x360 16\u2019s appearance is more subdued than those of prior spectre laptops, but it\u2019s still a sleek aluminum model with beveled edges (black with silver accents) and refined diagonally cut rear corners. it\u2019s sturdy and tapping the screen while in laptop mode causes only slight wobbling, and there\u2019s no give if you grab the screen\u2019s edges. the keyboard has a fingerprint reader built-in, and the top row has additional controls for things like brightness, volume, and even the ability to mute the microphone and turn off the webcam. the hp spectre x360 16 is a superb all-around laptop that can handle all your everyday tasks with ease, whether you go for the default specs or choose to push those specs up a notch. it worked well even with many tabs open and other apps like microsoft office (word and excel) still active. when choosing good laptops for college, it can be tempting to go for the machine with the most bells and whistles. but sometimes, you may not even need those. this is why there are some things that you have to think about carefully when making your decision. still, laptops and all these technologies are valued for all the content they can readily access. if you happen to be a doting parent to a gifted child, you\u2019d appreciate, for example, all these essential links for the parents of gifted children with all its useful resources to make the best of your child\u2019s latent capabilities. get personalized degree recommendations\nthat will help you find a program that will match your goals and dreams. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. by imed bouchrika, phd. get personalized degree recommendations\nthat will help you find a program that will match your goals and dreams. copyright \u00a9 2023 research.com. all rights reserved. \n release: 839565358. looking for a computer for taking remote classes, or just for carrying around campus? either way, start your \"best college laptops\" short list with these top-rated, value-focused models. i\u2019m the deputy managing editor of the hardware team at pcmag.com. reading this during the day? then you've caught me testing gear and editing reviews of laptops, desktop pcs, and tons of other personal tech. (reading this at night? then i\u2019m probably dreaming about all those cool products.) i\u2019ve covered the consumer tech world as an editor, reporter, and analyst since 2015. if you\u2019re after laptop buying advice, i\u2019m your man. i\u2019ve been reviewing pcs and technology products for more than a decade. i cut my teeth in pc labs, spending several years with pcmag.com before writing for other outlets, among them laptopmag.com and tom\u2019s guide. while computers are my main focus, i\u2019ve also written at length about topics ranging from fitness gear and appliances to tv and home theater equipment. if i\u2019ve used it, i have opinions about it, whether somebody\u2019s paying me to write them up or not. for students, a laptop is as essential as textbooks and a school id\u2014and not just for taking notes and writing papers. it also needs to handle your extracurricular activities, from streaming movies and music to keeping up with your social networks, posting photos, gaming, and video chatting with the 'rents back home. with more colleges and universities mixing on-campus and remote learning, a laptop you can use wherever you are is essential. a college laptop must also respect your budget while lasting through at least four years of undergrad and maybe a year or two of grad school. lucky for you, we've collected our favorites from recent reviews\u2014notebooks that not only fit the above criteria but (for the most part) are priced under $1,000, so they won't replace tuition as the biggest threat to your bank account. check out our picks for the best college laptops for 2023, then keep reading to learn the details of what to look for while shopping. *deals are selected by our commerce team. hp's pavilion plus 14 is one of the best laptop deals for college students right now. to be the top pick for most students, a laptop should have an affordable starting price, quick performance, premium build quality, and ideally (for those with bigger budgets) room for upgrades. the pavilion plus 14 has all of these features and more at a starting price of under $800. with its thin design, powerful processor options, and a high-resolution oled display option without breaking the bank, the pavilion plus 14 is an unbeatable value. even the highest-end configuration, which includes the oled screen, 1tb ssd, and a potent core i7 h-series cpu, is priced at a reasonable $1,279.99. although the laptop has a few minor shortcomings, it's an excellent deal for a well-made and fully featured laptop that's perfect for college students. if you want a quick, lightweight, and hassle-free laptop, then look no further than the pavilion plus 14. it's particularly friendly to those who are willing to spend a bit more for faster and fancier upgrade options. while there are larger-screen alternatives available, the pavilion plus 14 is ideal for students who need a lightweight laptop for everyday tasks, such as taking notes, writing papers, and streaming lectures. its affordable starting price (with room for upgrades at checkout) and reliable all-around performance make it the best value for college students who want a high-quality laptop. to get the obvious out of the way, the 2022 macbook air with apple's more powerful m2 processor is a faster, more desirable machine; if you can swing its $1,199 starting price or a costlier upscale configuration, don't look back. but the m1 version of apple's lightest portable is still a highly capable, lovable laptop for $999. weighing a trim 2.8 pounds, it offers a sharp 13.3-inch retina display; elegant unibody metal construction in space gray, gold, or silver; one of the best keyboards and arguably the best touchpad on any laptop; snappy performance and unbeatable integration with the iphone; and phenomenal battery life (29 hours in our video-playback test). apple still insists touch screens are only for tablets and phones, but otherwise it's hard to find fault with the system that invented the ultraportable category. the macbook air remains a great grab-and-go productivity partner for almost any around-campus computing task short of hardcore gaming. the surface laptop go 2 occupies a middle ground between microsoft's mini tablet (the surface go 3) and its mainstream clamshell (the surface laptop 4). it starts at a low $599.99 ($799.99 as tested), but is more stylish and better made than many budget notebooks, with a squarer 3:2 aspect ratio screen that lets you see more of a webpage or word processing document without scrolling. the pixelsense display is on the small side, at 12.4 inches, and its resolution isn't ultra-sharp, but the laptop go 2 weighs only 2.5 pounds despite a battery that lasts over 12 hours, so it's hard to complain. if your collegiate laptop hunt is shadowed by a tight budget and portability is a priority, the surface laptop go 2 is a fairly well-equipped winner. available in four snazzy colors, it gives you some of the chic of a macbook and even offers replaceable parts for sustainability and longevity. lenovo's ideapad slim 7 carbon is an excellent choice for college students who need a high-performing laptop that can keep up with their busy schedules. crafted from magnesium alloy reinforced with carbon fiber, it's a durable and lightweight 14-inch ultraportable that is perfect for carrying around campus. additionally, its dazzling oled touch screen is fantastic for taking notes, browsing the web, or watching movies during downtime. if you're a choosy student, the slim 7 carbon is home to luxury features that are usually only found in high-end laptops, such as the oled screen and a handy dongle with hdmi and usb-a ports. and, at $300 less than a comparably equipped dell xps 13 oled, it's a standout value for budget-conscious students. the 2022 version of the ideapad flex 5i 14-inch we tested gets a nod, thanks to a sturdy convertible design that offers true portability, a vibrant, easy-to-read screen, and above average performance for an affordable price. tough, capable, and affordable? that's a college laptop trifecta. we also love that the system includes plenty of ports (including usb and usb-c) and supports pen input\u2014if you buy one. from the reinforced hinges to the excellent keyboard and larger touchpad, it's an improvement over last year's model, which was already a value favorite. college students that want a great windows 2-in-1 convertible laptop will be pleased by the performance and port selection, and those who want handwritten notetaking and sketching can get it for just a tiny bit more. the only complaint is battery life, but the flex 5i will still get you through hours of classes and lectures. as a college student, you need a laptop that can handle everything from streaming lectures to gaming with friends at night or on the weekends. the lenovo legion 5i gen 7 is an excellent choice with its sturdy build, customizable configuration options, and starting price of $1,249.99. while the price is relatively steep, it's worth the investment for the exceptional performance you'll get from its intel core i7-12700h cpu and nvidia geforce rtx 3060 graphics card. plus, the bright 165hz display will ensure that your games look stunning. while the starting price might be a bit out of reach for budget-conscious college students, this laptop is perfect for those who prioritize (gaming) performance and portability. the standard 15-inch size strikes a balance between being large enough for immersive gameplay and easy to carry around campus. and although there may be more specialized options available, this laptop is as close to a crowd-pleaser as it gets. whether you're studying in the library or gaming in your dorm room, this system is sure to impress. most laptops that earn the label \"desktop replacement\" have 15.6-inch screens. the dell inspiron 16 plus has a slightly larger display with impressively sharp 3k resolution (3,072 by 1,920 pixels), plus a graphics card fast enough for gaming (nvidia's geforce rtx 3050) and a beefy eight-core intel core i7 processor, all for under $1,400 as tested. like all desktop alternatives, it's not ideal for toting around campus from dorm to classroom\u2014it weighs 4.4 pounds\u2014but it's a sensational midrange value. we love 13- and 14-inch ultraportables as much as anybody, but when you're logging lots of hours or pulling an all-nighter to finish a report, there's no shame in giving your eyes a break with a bigger screen. the inspiron 16 plus is one of dell's best bargains and a great general-purpose pc. when it comes to screens, 17 inches is the largest you'll find in a mainstream system. the hp laptop 17 (2022) is one of the best values we've seen in this larger size, combining a big screen with an amd ryzen 5 processor, a lighter-than-average design, and a big, comfortable keyboard. the design is simple but capable, and amd-powered processing and graphics offer better performance than most budget systems can offer. the end result is a desktop replacement that saves you a few bucks. you won't see a lot of 17-inchers brought to class, but the hp laptop 17 (2022) is lighter than most, and it lasts more than 11 hours on a charge, making it pretty portable for a bigger laptop. the hardware is up to most taks, and the design gets the job done without being gaudy or cheap-looking. that's a pretty big win for a big display at a smaller-than-expected price. lenovo's ideapad windows duet 5i is a fantastic option for college students looking for a versatile and affordable 2-in-1 laptop. with its sturdy build quality and detachable design, it's ideal for on-the-go use. plus, the included keyboard is a significant bonus for students on a budget. the device carries a sharp and bright 2.5k display, making it excellent for both entertainment and productivity tasks. while it lacks thunderbolt support and has limited storage, it's a well-rounded and less expensive alternative to premium 2-in-1 laptops, earning our editors' choice award. the ideapad duet 5i is a fine choice for college students who need a portable and flexible device for their daily tasks. the tablet-plus-keyboard concept offers wide versatility, allowing students to use it as a laptop for typing up papers or detach it to use as a tablet for note-taking or studying. despite its modest processing power, it's reliable for grab-and-go productivity, making it a fit for students who are always on the move. if your course load lets you get by with google docs and other web-based tools, then there's plenty to love about chromebooks\u2014including a price that lets you save some cash for important things, like textbooks and pizza. the acer chromebook spin 714 is not only the best chrome os-powered laptop we've reviewed, it's also one of the best 2-in-1 laptops around, competing with the top-most windows convertible systems, with a new 16:10 touch screen, an included pen, and a sturdy-yet-stylish aluminum construction. this hybrid chromebook is made for zippy performance with an intel core i5 cpu and a relatively large ssd, and it includes handy ports, like thunderbolt 4 and hdmi output. if chrome os meets your student's needs (and your school's software requirements), then the acer chromebook spin 714 is pretty much the perfect campus companion. with almost 13 hours of battery life, a 2-in-1 design with a stylus, and an expanding collection of apps and capabilities, this chromebook is a smart choice for freshmen and grad students alike. how do you narrow down the list above, let alone other laptops not mentioned here, to find the right one to be your college colleague? some of the questions to ask apply to all laptop shoppers, whether families with kids or corporate executives; others are specific to higher education. let's run down what you need to know. the first, and most important, thing to do is check with your school for specific system requirements and negotiated discounts. they may have hard-and-fast hardware recommendations available at special prices from vendors. (or not.). some colleges and universities want their students equipped with\u00a0windows-based laptops, to cut down on software incompatibility issues or to keep technical support concentrated on one platform. others don't care which operating system you use, whether it's windows,\u00a0macos, or even linux if you're a hardcore type. some institutions have onsite computer repair centers that service only laptops purchased from the university or an affiliated computer store on campus. using one of these facilities, the turn-around time will be much quicker than if you were to send it overnight to the original manufacturer. most schools do offer price breaks for particular vendors and include extensive software bundles, which can shave off a good amount from your laptop purchase. so you might want to look into the campus store as a first shopping destination, before you hit your local superstore or favorite online seller. not every student will agree, but depending on how far you'll haul it every day, a big-screen notebook may not be such a good idea. it's nice to have a mini home theater in your dorm room or play the latest games in big-screen glory, but a 5-pound-plus laptop with a 15-inch or 17-inch screen will be a chore to haul across campus while you're running from class to class. you're better off with something that's light: if screen size matters less to you than convenience, a super-thin\u00a0ultraportable\u00a0might be the way to go. for most people, a 13- or 14-inch widescreen panel is ideal, as it will make room for other items in your backpack and minimize the weight burden. depending on your tolerance level, a smaller display works as long as you understand that full web pages and productivity applications will involve more scrolling, and fonts will appear smaller than they do on larger screens, assuming the same resolution and zoom level. essays, research papers, and chatting online with your classmates will take up most of your computing time, so a full-size keyboard and a comfortable touchpad are crucial. also know: when you venture smaller than a 13-inch-class laptop, you run the risk of not getting the same typing experience. the easiest way to ensure that you have the best keyboard is to stop by a brick-and-mortar store and spend some time typing on prospective choices of different size classes. if you do decide to buy a smaller, less expensive laptop, it's probably worth investing in a standalone\u00a0keyboard\u00a0you can keep at home or in the dorm for when you need to do a lot of typing. a desktop monitor you attach via hdmi could be a nice complement, too. laptops offer a wide selection of processors across both budgets and usage cases\u2014you can choose one that maximizes performance, or one that favors battery life. or you can select one that plays to both strengths: intel's core cpus confer the benefits of both power and battery efficiency. amd's ryzen mobile chips are less common but have also emerged as viable picks for ultraportable laptops. if you desire all-day battery life, and spend almost all of your time in a web browser, you might want to consider going with a chromebook. these typically run on low-powered processors (intel celeron and pentium chips, in most cases), but these cpus suffice for the kinds of workaday online tasks that chromebooks excel at. (more about chromebooks in a bit, below.) if performance, on the other hand, ranks high on the list, a mac with an apple m1 or m2 chip, or a windows laptop with at least an intel core i5 or amd ryzen 5, gives you the most oomph. (if you want to dig deeper, our guide to laptop processors gets into lots more detail on understanding cpus for laptops.). if you like playing games in your downtime, you might want to splurge on a more expensive\u00a0gaming laptop. most general-purpose machines, especially at under-$800 prices, won't have the kind of discrete graphics chip (gpu) necessary to make the hottest aaa game titles look good and play smoothly. but if you hunt around a little, you\u00a0can\u00a0find gaming laptops these days starting at around $700 tp $800 with a decent nvidia geforce gtx or (less commonly) amd radeon rx gpu for playing games at 1080p and moderate or better settings. (see our guide to the\u00a0best cheap gaming laptops\u00a0for lots more about budget gpus, and about how to buy just enough gaming machine for your needs.) a powerful gpu can also help in certain high-end and scientific applications that can benefit from gpu acceleration, but, like a high-powered processor, they also feast on the battery. the good news is that, in most other cases (unless, say, you're an architecture major with a heavy reliance on cad software), integrated graphics solutions should suffice for the day-to-day tasks you'll face. this is the graphics silicon built into the processors of most budget and midrange laptops. today, that overwhelmingly means some form of intel integrated graphics: intel hd graphics, intel uhd graphics, intel iris/iris plus graphics, or intel xe graphics. our reviews will detail their comparative performance levels, but none is a match for even a moderate dedicated gpu. (read more about limits of gaming on the integrated graphics processors in mainstream laptops.). with the increasing prevalence of cloud storage and web applications, having plentiful local storage space is\u00a0somewhat\u00a0less vital now than it used to be, but you should still make sure that your laptop meets your needs. if you plan to install a lot of programs or want to hang on to lots of large media files, you'll need 500gb of space or more. if you don't foresee needing all that local storage, or are content with leaving a lot of your work online, you can get by with a laptop with less space. whichever way you go, remember that storage affects speed, too. if you go with one of the increasingly uncommon budget laptops that uses a hard drive, because you get more storage for less money, know that it will be noticeably slower than a snappy-feeling solid-state drive (ssd). the higher cost and lower capacity of a faster ssd is a trade-off that some students are willing to make, and most should. we\u00a0strongly\u00a0recommend ssds for laptops that are carried around campus a lot, since the ssds (if not the laptop itself) are impervious to drop damage. plus, being a lot faster than hard drives, they give a laptop a much snappier perceived feel. the good news is that by plugging an\u00a0external hard drive\u00a0or external ssd into one of your laptop's usb ports, you can add more space whenever you need it. although you probably won't have to do this unless you're a video junkie or an aspiring filmmaker, it's a good option to have. gamers may want to take an altogether different view. with many aaa game installations topping 40gb or 50gb each, a small ssd can get eaten up fast. you'll want to think about that before you buy a machine, say, with a 256gb ssd alone, or at least be prepared to swap games on and off the drive as you tire of or complete them. you really need to insist on at least a 500gb ssd in a gaming laptop. a sizable\u00a0battery\u00a0can be your biggest ally on a day filled with classes and extracurricular activities. a few school-oriented laptops come with multiple battery options. most, though, have only one\u2014and it's not removable. in this case, figure out where battery life ranks in the grand scheme of things. if removable batteries are an option (most of the time, they are not, alas), it might be a good idea to get a second one, or a larger \"extended\" one if available, at the time of purchase. the more \"cells\" the battery contains within a given model line, the better the battery life, all else being equal. a big battery can mean some heft, but the weight gain is well worth it if it means leaving the system unplugged from dawn until dusk. this is where our reviews come in especially handy; we've tested every laptop that passes through our labs for battery runtime with nonstop video playback, so you can get a good idea of relative endurance between models. in the past several years, we have seen a strong push by chromebook manufacturers into the education market. chromebooks themselves have gone from being glorified netbooks running chrome os to laptops that are still web-centric but have a relatively full feature set. if, like many schools, the one you're attending puts its coursework in the cloud, a chromebook can offer you much of the functionality of a regular laptop, and it may deliver longer battery life. it will also likely cost you a lot less than other types of notebooks. prices for basic chromebook models typically run between $200 and $400 (although higher-end models can go for as much as $1,000). just be sure you have ready access to constant, stable wi-fi, as there is scant local storage on these systems, and you have to plan ahead to use them effectively offline. pc gamers, of course, won't find much use for one of these laptops; they only run chrome os apps and android apps from the google play store. but a chromebook can also be a good, inexpensive second laptop you carry around campus to take notes, while your beastly gaming rig (or desktop gaming pc, for that matter) hangs back at the dorm or at home. (in the market for a chrome os laptop? we've rounded up today's\u00a0best chromebooks.). in recent years, a new category of laptop has emerged. hybrids, also known as 2-in-1s, are capable of functioning as traditional clamshell-style laptops when you need them to, but can transform into tablets when that's a more convenient form for what you're doing. some (generally called\u00a0convertibles) sport a folding design that flips the keyboard out of the way, usually by rotating all the way around its hinge. others (\"detachables\") allow you to dock a tablet/screen portion of the pc with an accessory keyboard for laptop-like functionality. a budget 2-in-1 might be just what you need to fill a number of roles. one thing to be mindful of: if you are considering a detachable 2-in-1 design, make sure the keyboard base is included in the price. in some cases, it is; in others, it is an added-cost accessory that will bump up the price, sometimes by more than you'd expect. (see how we test laptops.). almost every laptop you might buy today is backed by at least a one-year warranty on parts and labor. extended warranties are also available, but whether they're worth it depends on who you are as a user. for starters, know that the standard warranty doesn't cover accidents that stem from a spilled drink or a drop on concrete. most manufacturers sell accident coverage as a separate plan, on top of extended warranties that supplement the standard one, so you might end up spending close to $300 for three years of coverage. apple offers a maximum extended warranty of three years, while some makers of windows laptops will offer up to four years. in our opinion, if the warranty costs more than 15% of the total laptop price, you're better off spending the money on backup drives or services that minimize downtime in case something does go awry. of course, you can't put a price on peace of mind. in rare instances, the logic board or the display\u2014the most expensive pieces of a laptop\u2014can fail and cost you in repairs half or more of what the laptop is worth. faulty inner components (excepting the battery) usually break down during the first year, though; anything after that is probably more about regular wear and tear. this again, though, is a case where the college itself may be an x-factor. some schools have special arrangements with specific vendors for onsite service of their laptops, so it could pay, once again, to check with the college's bookstore or computer store to see if any such special circumstances apply.\u00a0it's possible, say, that you could get parts and repairs for your lenovo thinkpad done overnight. as with so many things...it depends. true, there are ever more choices on the market today, and slogging through them can be daunting. no worries, though: we did the work for you. scroll or swipe down for detailed specs on the hottest laptops to grace the dorm room, college classroom, and campus quad for this school year. and if you or the person you're shopping for is closer to graduation than freshman year, you should check out our guide to the best laptop for each type of graduate, which offers better choices for career-specific options. for more general factors to look for when shopping, check out our\u00a0overall top laptop picks, as well as our favorite\u00a0budget notebooks. sign up for lab report to get the latest reviews and top product advice delivered right to your inbox. this newsletter may contain advertising, deals, or affiliate links. subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our terms of use and privacy policy. you may unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time. your subscription has been confirmed. keep an eye on your inbox! i\u2019m the deputy managing editor of the hardware team at pcmag.com. reading this during the day? then you've caught me testing gear and editing reviews of laptops, desktop pcs, and tons of other personal tech. (reading this at night? then i\u2019m probably dreaming about all those cool products.) i\u2019ve covered the consumer tech world as an editor, reporter, and analyst since 2015. i\u2019ve evaluated the performance, value, and features of hundreds of personal tech devices and services, from laptops to wi-fi hotspots and everything in between. i\u2019ve also covered the launches of dozens of groundbreaking technologies, from hyperloop test tracks in the desert to the latest silicon from apple and intel. i've appeared on cbs news, in usa today, and at many other outlets to offer analysis on breaking technology news. before i joined the tech-journalism ranks, i wrote on topics as diverse as borneo's rain forests, middle eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. a graduate of middlebury college, i also have a master's degree in journalism and french studies from new york university. if you\u2019re after laptop buying advice, i\u2019m your man. i\u2019ve been reviewing pcs and technology products for more than a decade. i cut my teeth in pc labs, spending several years with pcmag.com before writing for other outlets, among them laptopmag.com and tom\u2019s guide. while computers are my main focus, i\u2019ve also written at length about topics ranging from fitness gear and appliances to tv and home theater equipment. if i\u2019ve used it, i have opinions about it, whether somebody\u2019s paying me to write them up or not. read brian's full bio. pcmag.com is a leading authority on technology, delivering lab-based, independent reviews of the latest products and services. our expert industry analysis and practical solutions help you make better buying decisions and get more from technology. pcmag supports group black and its mission to increase greater diversity in media voices and media ownerships. \u00a9 1996-2023 ziff davis, llc., a ziff davis company. all rights reserved. pcmag, pcmag.com and pc magazine are among the federally registered trademarks of ziff davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. the display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate any affiliation or the endorsement of pcmag. if you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant. your guide to a better future. our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. if you buy through our links, we may get a commission. reviews ethics statement  | how we test computers. no matter when you're starting, you'll want the best laptop for college to get you through the semester. it's nearly impossible to get through college without a laptop, and that's why you want the best one possible for the job. taking notes the old-fashioned way just isn't feasible anymore, but with so many laptop options on the market, it can be difficult picking the right one for you. we've done the research and testing to find the best laptop for college in 2023. with the\u00a0supply chain issues and chip shortages we've seen over the last few years, you might think it's hard to get your hands on a decent budget-friendly laptop for school. however, it's still possible to find laptops and two-in-ones with the latest processors from amd and intel, which help performance and battery life over previous generations. right now, apple's macbook air m1 is the best laptop for most college students. but if that doesn't meet your needs, we've rounded up several college laptop picks that will serve most students well in school and beyond. the majority of our picks for the best college laptops run between $500 and $1,000. if you're looking for a more affordable laptop -- or if you're open to an alternative to apple's macos and\u00a0microsoft windows\u00a0-- we recommend checking out\u00a0the best chromebooks for students\u00a0(just make sure any software you need for classes is supported). on the flip side, if you're searching for a more powerful laptop, or a gaming laptop that doubles as one for college, we have some suggestions\u00a0for those, too. so if you're ready to upgrade your tech, keep reading our list of the best laptops for college. despite the availability of the bigger and better m2 macbook air, the m1 macbook air (one of the first to switch from intel to apple silicon) is sticking around and that's a good thing. apple's entry-level laptop is still our go-to recommendation for a macos laptop for basic everyday use. it has great performance and long battery life -- up to 18 hours -- and is a solid choice for school and entertainment anywhere. like the previous mac laptop models, the m1 air has apple's magic keyboard,   touch id, a force touch trackpad and   a 13.3-inch retina display. if you're a college student, it's hard to go wrong with the new macbook air. macbook air m1 review. read our apple macbook air m1 (late 2020) review. hp packed a lot of value into the aero 13: eye-pleasing magnesium-aluminum chassis, strong processing performance, long battery life, a bright, colorful display and a weight of just 2 pounds (0.94 kilograms). amazingly, considering all that it offers, it has a regular starting price of less than $800 but it's regularly on sale for less than $700. hp pavilion aero 13 review. the hp pavilion 14 is a budget laptop that looks and performs above its price. at 3.2 pounds (1.4 kilograms), the laptop can easily be a daily carry for school or work. it could also be a good home office laptop that can be easily connected to a monitor, keyboard and mouse at a desk, but also has a screen that's comfortably large enough for full-time use. it's just a solid everyday laptop with a clean design. the starting price is $650, and the configuration we tested is normally $800, but it goes on sale for much less (most recently it was $550). hp pavilion 14 review. this thin, 3-pound convertible is a solid choice for anyone who needs a laptop for office or schoolwork. the all-metal chassis gives it a premium look and feel, and it has a comfortable keyboard and a responsive, smooth precision touchpad. as a two-in-one, you can use it as a laptop or tablet and it supports pen input with lenovo's optional active pen. it also has a physical shutter for its webcam that gives you privacy when you want it. and it has a long battery life to boot at 12 hours, 45 minutes in our tests. the latest version with 12th-gen intel processors starts at $999 (although you can\u00a0find it on sale for less). however, 2021 models with 11th-gen intel processors are great performers, too, and can be found at a discount. acer's spin 513 is an update of sorts to one of the best chromebooks from 2021, the spin 713. it's a two-in-one convertible chromebook with a 13.5-inch display that has a 3:2 aspect ratio. the extra vertical space means less scrolling when you're working. the screen size is also close to that of letter-size paper, making it comfortable for notetaking in tablet mode with a\u00a0usi pen. compared to the 713, it drops a couple of noncritical features like an hdmi output in favor of a more affordable price. it has amazing battery life, though, and a sturdy fanless design, making it silent -- perfect for quiet classrooms, lectures or video calls. see the full list of best laptops for 2023. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. our picks for the best laptops for students on every rung of the learning ladder. ces 2023 is in full swing, and laptop manufacturers have announced some excellent new models, some of which are perfect for matriculating minds. among them are the acer swift x 14, which should deliver strong performance in a slim package, and the msi summit flip evo models, which blend stylish designs with a 2-in-1 hybrid form factor. of course, we still have to put these new laptops to the test to make sure they're a great value for students. stay tuned as we'll update this guide as soon as our reviews go live. christian guyton, computing editor. the best student laptop should give you excellent value for money. many students are operating on a tighter budget, with a new laptop usually being the single most expensive purchase made by college students when they begin a course. however, that doesn't mean you should simply pick the cheapest laptop you can find. when it comes to choosing the ideal laptop for students, you'll need to make sure you get the best bang for your buck, lest be saddled with a clunker of a laptop. ultimately, the best laptop will be different for each individual user. if you're a filmmaking or animation major, you'll likely need a laptop with powerful components and a dedicated gpu for running intensive software like video-editing and rendering programs. the same goes for stem students. if you're studying something like literature, though, you'll probably be better off with a lightweight machine \u2013 like one of the best 2-in-1 laptops \u2013 since you'll only be doing straightforward tasks like web browsing and word processing. hybrid laptops can be great if you plan to do a lot of reading on your device, since you can swap them between laptop and tablet modes. with so many available options on the market, we understand that it can get a little tough to decide what to go for. don't panic, though: we've thoroughly tested an absolute boatload of laptops, and compiled our top picks for students below. we recognize that not everyone has the same needs. as such, our recommendations include laptops catering to all kinds of needs and budgets. the best gaming laptops, for instance, are going to be a lot more expensive than the best student chromebooks. however, the processing power of the former is also going to be much more powerful than that of any of the best chromebooks. read on for our carefully-curated selection of the best laptops for students right now. we also included the best prices available so you can score a bargain, no matter your choice. why you can trust techradar \n\n\nwe spend hours testing every product or service we review, so you can be sure you\u2019re buying the best. find out more about how we test. if you're looking for the best student laptop and you're comfortable using macos, look no further. when apple rolled out its line of m1-powered products in 2020, the company made a huge splash. as the first laptop to receive apple\u2019s in-house system on a chip (soc), the company\u2019s thinnest and lightest macbook air ever became one of the most exciting apple laptops in recent years. this next-generation macbook air is powered by the new m2 soc, making it better than ever, and delivering outstanding performance. the only real criticism we had to level at it was the price, which is a bit steep \u2013 if you want a macbook but you're on a tighter budget, you may want to consider the 2020 m1 model. though its fanless design can result in thermal throttling compared to the pro, we were able to run intensive tasks without experiencing any major incidents of throttling. another upside for intensive users is the battery life, which is quite stunning, and beats out many of its competitors. it\u2019s not going to be the cheapest option for students, but for those who have a slightly bigger budget, this is hands-down the best student laptop out there. read our full macbook air (m2, 2022) review. if versatility is a top priority, then look no further than the acer chromebook spin 311. this all-rounder has all the makings of a great student laptop, from its good battery life to its robust build and solid usability. however, the acer chromebook spin 311 takes it further with its impressive levels of versatility. it has more than enough ports, especially considering its size. its 2-in-1 form factor is perfect for those who want a laptop and a tablet but only have the budget for one. we enjoyed using its touchscreen display, though its maximum brightness means does render it difficult to use outside. as a diminutive 11-inch machine, it\u2019s also incredibly portable. despite its small size, \u00a0the keyboard and trackpad are both responsive and satisfying to use in our experience. we do wish it had a little more power, as it can stutter just a little when asked to run more intensive tasks. but for the student that needs a versatile little laptop at a very reasonable price point, the spin 311 is an ideal computing companion. read our full acer chromebook spin 311 review. the m2 model might now top our list, but the m1 macbook air is still a force to be reckoned with - and it's better value than the newer model now, too. switching over from intel processors to apple's own silicon was a bold move that paid off, providing snappy performance and excellent battery life too. apple\u2019s best student laptop takes everything that made the m1 model such an improvement over the intel models up a notch. performance is snappy even when we used it to do some 4k video editing, although the gorgeous screen is just a little bit smaller at 13.3 inches - as well as 100 nits dimmer - than the upgraded 13.6-inch display of the newer m2 model.\u00a0it's also a little heavier, but still undeniably an impressively thin and lightweight laptop given the performance on offer. as a fun bonus, this macbook air actually has a wider range of color options than its newer m2 sibling. for those who want a macbook but can't quite spring for the high price of the 2022 air, this laptop will serve them well, potentially even beyond college. read our macbook air (m1, 2020) review. further down this list you'll find the dell xps 15, which packs a larger display and a discrete gpu- an ideal choice for students who need a bit more processing oomph to power through video-editing or number-crunching workloads. this model uses integrated graphics, which means that it's better suited to more everyday tasks like answering emails and writing up essays. but oh, what a great little device it is for doing those lower-intensity tasks. dell's xps laptop line has long been one of our favorites, and this new-for-2022 model is no exception, with a superfast 12th-gen intel processor and some extremely competitive pricing on the lower-spec models. spring for a more powerful version and you can get more storage, faster performance, and a higher-resolution touch display. the dell xps 13 is also incredibly thin and light, making it perfect for fast-moving students. if you've ever had to run across campus to make it between two classes (this writer certainly has), you'll understand the value of a lightweight but sturdy laptop that can be quickly tossed into a bag for your next campus sprint. read our full dell xps 13 (2022) review. a premium laptop doesn\u2019t have to come with that premium price tag and the surface laptop go 2 is affordable even in its most kitted-out configuration. but it does more than just look great and offer a low price tag. it\u2019s a well-built machine encased in a mostly aluminum shell \u2013 the bottom is plastic \u2013 that feels like it can handle its share of wear and tear. its keyboard and trackpad are as good as it gets, even if there\u2019s no backlighting. there has to be a compromise somewhere for the price, after all. despite the lower resolution, the display is actually surprisingly stellar. in fact, we didn\u2019t realize it was not full hd until looking at its specs. its 3:2 ratio gave us a little more vertical real estate to work with despite its smaller 12.4-inch screen. performance-wise, it\u2019s not going to win any awards but we were able to do plenty of multitasking while going through our daily work. the last thing that makes this such a solid companion to matriculating students on the go is its all-day battery life. during our movie loop test, it managed an impressive 8 hours and 25 minutes. read our full microsoft surface go 2 review. what falls under the \u201cacer aspire 5\u201d umbrella would probably constitute five or more different models for another brand. so, picking out the right one for you can be confusing. not only can you find it with a whole range of processors from both amd and intel but you can find it in three different sizes. that said, you can get some pretty powerful cpus and enough ram to do some light gaming. even with a base 14-inch model, we were able to squeeze out some respectable results in our performance testing. and, it also gave us a decent six-and-a-half-hour battery life which should last you most of the day as long as you\u2019re not running intensive tasks. it might not be as slim as some of the other entries on this list but it\u2019s not too heavy, weighing in at under four pounds for the 14-inch model. but, what makes this worthy of consideration is its price. no matter which model you\u2019re looking at, you\u2019re getting a lot of value for a fully-featured non-chromebook laptop. read our full acer aspire 5 review. the lenovo ideapad duet 5 oled chromebook isn\u2019t just among the best laptops for students. it\u2019s one of the best chromebooks on the market. impressive in both performance and battery life, it also comes in an incredibly portable form. that brilliant combination of longevity and portability makes it ideal for lugging around campus, taking to student council meetings, and unwinding in bed post-schoolwork. that battery life is so phenomenal, in fact, that it lasted us 16 hours and 20 minutes during our movie loop test. of course, that fancy new oled display is worth mentioning as well. it might sound like a premium feature for students, but considering this chromebook\u2019s affordable price tag, we\u2019d recommend you splurge away. meanwhile, the detachable keyboard, although still flimsy due to its removable design, is more spacious now, we\u2019ve found. it\u2019s much more comfortable to use now for typing up those school reports. every student from high school to college will love this notebook. read our full lenovo ideapad duet 5 oled chromebook review. don\u2019t knock off the macbook pro 13-inch (m1, 2020)\u2019s integrated graphics card. it might not be a discrete gpu, but it sure beats budget and lower mid-range mobile gpus in graphical prowess and obliterates intel's uhd integrated graphics. thanks to apple\u2019s groundbreaking m1 chip, the new macbook pro 13-inch delivers excellent performance and exceptional battery life. its performance is so impressive that it can easily handle 4k (and even 8k) videos, which is great news for film students. and it\u2019s not just a little bump in power over the model it replaced; when we tested it, it blew its intel-based predecessor out of the water with an almost 70% increase in multi-core tests. it also lasted five hours longer in our battery tests as well. but performance isn\u2019t everything. it\u2019s also a comfortable laptop to use; its keyboard is great, something that needed correcting in older models of the macbook pro. like most of the smaller macbook pros, it\u2019s extremely portable. so, if you\u2019re looking for a powerful laptop that keeps things small and lightweight, this is the best student laptop money can buy. read our full macbook pro 13-inch (m1, 2020) review. now with an oled display option, the dell xps 15 is more elevated than ever. it\u2019s admittedly more fitting for professionals due to its premium price tag. however, it has its place in the matriculating world as well, particularly in the engineering department where student laptops need more robust internals to tackle day-to-day schoolwork. the dell xps 15\u2019s powerful chips and discrete graphics \u2013 not to mention up to a whopping 64gb of ram \u2013 should more than suffice and be worth saving up for. we found this laptop to perform incredibly well with cpu-heavy tasks and some graphics-intensive workloads. that oled display, which we not only found to be an absolute stunner but also delivers 100% dci-p3 color accuracy, is worth paying a little more for if you dabble in cinematography or digital art. just keep in mind that you won\u2019t get a full day\u2019s worth of battery life here, so be sure to keep that charger handy. read our full dell xps 15 (2021) review. gaming laptops are not cheap and the asus rog zephyrus g14 is no exception. however, at its most basic configuration, it will set you back as much as a 13-inch macbook pro while giving you access to that gaming goodness, even if it's at 1080p with some compromises on settings. even with an rtx 2060 max-q equipped model, we were able to get decent frame rates out of aaa titles like metro exodus on ultra settings. but, what makes the zephyrus g14 stand out, especially considering that there are cheaper ones for that gaming fix, is its form factor and battery life. as a 14-inch portable with a weight of just under four pounds, it\u2019s more portable than any other gaming laptop out there. it easily slides into a backpack for carry-and-go gaming (and schoolwork) and won\u2019t weigh you down the way most of the competition will. it also bucks the poor battery life trend that plagues most gaming laptops. it won\u2019t give you anywhere near what the best chromebooks or ultrabooks will but we were able to squeeze a solid eight hours out of it in our testing, far beyond the five hours or less we expect out of a gaming portable and enough to make this a solid choice of student laptop. just wait until you have outlet access to boot up cyberpunk 2077. read our full asus rog zephyrus g14 review. there are a few other boxes that the best student laptops should check besides being able to handle the demands of your coursework. one of the biggest considerations you should have when choosing a student laptop is battery life - you need something that will last all day during your classes and still have juice leftover for late nights studying at the library. student laptops should also ideally be both versatile and lightweight because you\u2019ll want something that can multitask all the programs you\u2019ll need without being a drag to carry around campus. versatility is crucial with a student laptop, especially with majors that will have you flipping back and forth between a published paper and the essay you\u2019re trying to finish in time. budget is also a major consideration in choosing the best student laptop for your university experience. not everyone can shell out a ton of money for a student laptop - we absolutely understand that - so you need to be sure to pick something that meets all your criteria without going overboard on your budget. it\u2019s easy to find a great student laptop within your price range these days, and even better when you find a sale and get a good deal on it. this is a slightly loaded question, because ultimately the best operating system for students (whether that's windows 10 or 11, macos, or chromeos) will always come down to which os the student in question prefers to use. some of us are married to the effective functionality of windows; others might prefer the aesthetically pleasing ui of apple devices, or the android-esque, streamlined user experience chromebook provide. if you're already comfortable using a specific operating system, making the leap can be tricky. chromeos is arguably the easiest to pick up and use, but changing to macos after a decade spend familiarizing yourself with windows might lead to confusion. take this into consideration when choosing a new laptop for school or college. on the hardware side, we're pleased to say that macbooks are more competitive than ever. apple's fantastic m1 and m2 chips are much more capable of running demanding tasks than processors with integrated graphics, making apple laptops excellent all-rounders for the busy student. however, if you need to run highly intensive software, it's worth considering a windows laptop with a dedicated gpu - ideally an nvidia rtx one - since this will give you a lot more grunt in gpu-accelerated programs. simply put, most college-level students will need a laptop for their studies at this stage. while having a computer of some kind is practically a necessity at this point - with the rise of remote learning and content creation among university students - a laptop can be thrown into a rucksack and taken along to lectures and workshops, unlike a desktop pc. yes, a desktop will typically offer more processing power and the advantage of a bigger screen, but you might end up spending more (especially once you factor in the need for peripherals) and then still find yourself needing a portable device for note-taking and working on the go. if you've already got a small tablet or laptop that you can take out and about, you might want to consider buying one of the best desktop computers, but otherwise, we recommend you get a more capable laptop and use that in lieu of a desktop. we know that buying a new laptop can be a huge investment. even more so with laptops for college students. that\u2019s why we take our jobs seriously, and test every laptop we recommend on this list extensively. that process involves using them in our day-to-day lives to see how long their battery lasts, how robust they are \u2013 college kids have hectic lives, after all, and how cool they stay under pressure. we also look at their design, including how stylish they are, if they are thin and light enough to carry around with, and how comfortable they are to work on. because the webcam and microphone in a laptop are also incredibly important, especially these days, we take time to test those out as well. when it comes to performance, we use a mix of real-world tests and synthetic benchmarks to see how powerful (or not) these laptops are. this means using windows 10 (or chrome os on chromebooks and macos on macbooks) and running various apps and seeing how fast they load, noting down any problems. battery lives are also important, so we\u2019ll keep track of how long we can use the laptop without needing to charge it. to get specific numbers, we also run our own battery life benchmark that plays a looped 1080p movie until the battery dies and the pc mark 10 battery life benchmark, which replicates real-world usage, such as web browsing and document creation. these tests give us an excellent idea of how long the batteries in these laptops last. when all is said and done, we then take everything we\u2019ve learned about the laptop and compare it to its price, to see if it offers the best value to students. sign up to receive daily breaking news, reviews, opinion, analysis, deals and more from the world of tech. christian is techradar\u2019s uk-based computing editor. he came to us from maximum pc magazine, where he fell in love with computer hardware and building pcs. he was a regular fixture amongst our freelance review team before making the jump to techradar, and can usually be found drooling over the latest high-end graphics card or gaming laptop before looking at his bank account balance and crying. christian is a keen campaigner for lgbtq+ rights and the owner of a charming rescue dog named lucy, having adopted her after he beat cancer in 2021. she keeps him fit and healthy through a combination of face-licking and long walks, and only occasionally barks at him to demand treats when he\u2019s trying to work from home. roundup: the best rtx 4070 desktop pcs and laptops you can buy right now. remote payroll review. why is my iphone beeping? how to troubleshoot noisy handsets. by aleksha mcloughlinapril 13, 2023. by aleksha mcloughlinapril 13, 2023. by aleksha mcloughlinapril 13, 2023. by kara phillipsapril 13, 2023. by ray ponceapril 13, 2023. by aleksha mcloughlinapril 12, 2023. by rhys woodapril 12, 2023. by aleksha mcloughlinapril 12, 2023. by aleksha mcloughlinapril 12, 2023. by mike jenningsapril 04, 2023. by aleksha mcloughlinapril 04, 2023. other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:. techradar is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). \u00a9\nfuture us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,\nnew york,\nny 10036. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. the best college laptops for students, from budget laptops to workstations. if you're a student one of the best college laptops can help you ace your exams and classwork, while also letting you unwind by watching streaming content or maybe playing games. but with so many choices at wildly varying prices, finding the very best laptops for students can feel like extra homework. the school year is more than halfway over, but if you find yourself in need of a mid-term upgrade we've got you covered with a continuously updated list of the best college laptops. what should you look for when buying a laptop for school? make sure it has long battery life and fast cpu performance. a think-and-light won't cut it for every major, but even if you need a more powerful laptop we'll try to avoid weighing you down too much. and if you prefer to take notes by hand, a 2-in-1 laptop gives a blended laptop and tablet experience. without further ado, here are the best college laptops, including some budget picks to make sure you can still make your tuition payments. if you prefer macos to windows 11, then go with the apple macbook air. while the macbook air m2 is now available, many users will still be perfectly happy with the macbook air m1, which comes in under $1,000 and is available for $899 to students even when it's not on sale. that affordable pricing mixed with its outstanding performance along with 14 hours and 41 minutes of battery life make it hard to beat for college students that are looking to get the most bang for their buck. why buy the macbook air instead of the pro? while the pro has better sustained performance, the macbook air is cheaper and is pin-drop silent because it doesn't have a fan. and, of course, apple's least expensive 13.3-inch model is the most portable, coming in at only 0.6 inches thick and 2.8 pounds. the macbook pro is a strong option as well, it appears later on this page, but considering all of the factors for a college laptop, the macbook air is going to be the better choice for most macos fans looking for their perfect college laptop. see our full apple macbook air (m1, 2020) review. see our full apple macbook air m2 review. the last-gen swift 5, packed with an 11th gen intel cpu, blew us out of the water with its 13-hour battery life, stellar performance, attractive design, and palatable price tag. now, the current-gen swift 5 is $200 more, but the minor price hike is worth it. it\u2019s got a faster ssd, zippier performance, impressive video transcoding, breakneck file-transfer speeds \u2014 and it still manages to be lightweight and pleasing to the eye with an attractive dark-green-and-gold color scheme. the swift 5 does inherit a couple of the same complaints from the previous model with annoying bloatware apps and weak speakers. the first just means spending 15 minutes or so deleting the bloatware and the second means you'll likely want a good pair of wireless headphones, but overall this remains one of the best laptops for a college student that wants solid performance in a thin-and-light form factor. see our full acer swift 5 (2022) review. if you're a current chrome os user in need of an upgrade for your college laptop or are considering chrome os, then don't hesitate to buy the acer chromebook spin 714. this excellent 2-in-1 laptop delivers a gorgeous 14-inch touchscreen and fast performance thanks to its intel core i5-1235u cpu. the sturdy and flexible design make it a perfect fit for hauling around campus and getting work done anywhere. add the stylus and you can easily add diagrams or handwritten sections to notes if you prefer, while the excellent keyboard will let you keep hammer out papers or keep pace with your professors. battery life is the one middling spec for the chromebook spin 714, at just over 7 hours in our testing, so if you are frequently spending your entire day without access to an outlet you may need to consider another option. see our full acer chromebook spin 714 (2022) review. while the design is unchanged, the m2 inside the macbook pro 2022 gives another performance and battery life boost to apple's already outstanding laptop. the macbook pro is more powerful than nearly every pc on the market, including some workstations. and despite cramming so much power into such a slim and sleek chassis, the pro lasted for a ludicrous 18 hours and 20 minutes on our battery test, which simulates real-world usage. thanks to the image processing unit, the webcam (sadly, still 720p) is better than its 720p rivals and since it runs on apple's arm-based architecture, ipad and iphone apps are available on mac. while the 14-inch and 16-inch macbook pro models may tempt some users with high-end needs, the mbp 13-inch with m2 remains a strong option at a far more affordable price point for those that need just a bit more juice than the macbook air. see our macbook pro (13-inch, m2, 2022) review. the spectre x360 13.5 once again earns our editors' choice badge and cements itself as one of the best 2-in-1 laptops on the market. the stunning design, productivity boosting 3:2 aspect ratio oled touchscreen and outstanding performance are tough to beat. add to that a generously sized touchpad that is silky to the touch as well as a comfortable (albeit shallow) keyboard, excellent security options (fingerprint sensor and facial recognition) and a good selection of ports, and well, it's easy to see why we like this laptop so much. we recommend buying the spectre x360 13.5 over the envy 13 if you have the money, especially if you need the flexible design. in fact, the spectre x360 13.5 is arguably best laptop if you want a convertible notebook, period. sure, it has a few faults, but those are easily forgotten once you get this beauty in your hands. see our hp spectre x360 13.5 review. if you want to save some money, consider the excellent hp spectre x360 13. the macbook pro 14 m2 pro continues what apple started with its massive redesign in 2021 and it remains an outstanding laptop. for the average student this is massive overkill, but if you need this kind of performance and either prefer or require macos software, it's hard to beat. the notebook\u2019s design is lightweight and sleek with plenty of room for a full hdmi and an sdxc card reader. and the m2 pro chip brings even more power, while serving up over 14 hours of battery life with a formidable quick charge, a show-stopping display, a super comfortable keyboard and an excellent audio system. what's the catch? as per usual with apple it's the price tag, the $1,999 starting price is a lot to swallow and if you need more storage, ram, or want that m2 max chip instead of the pro it escalates quickly. it would have been nice if apple would have offered a lower-end option, maybe one with last year\u2019s m2 chip, but for everything the macbook pro 14 is bringing, it\u2019s a worthwhile investment. see our full\u00a014-inch macbook pro (m2 pro, 2023) review. finding a reliable laptop under $1,000 that doesn\u2019t sacrifice build or performance is difficult to come by these days. given that this is one of the most highly targeted price ranges for a college laptop, that can be particularly frustrating. fortunately, asus has delivered us another option this year with the asus vivobook s15 oled. the asus vivobook s 15 oled excels at everything most college students need with commendable performance, thanks to its 12th gen intel chip, quality on-screen entertainment with its 15.6-inch oled display, and enough battery life to get you through all but the longest marathon study session. oh, and its special asus antibacterial guard is a nice touch for those who like a clean laptop. the webcam was our biggest gripe, so if you do a lot of video calling you may want to invest in one of the best webcams, but otherwise you won't be disappointed with this budget-friendly laptop. see our full asus vivobook s15 oled. the samsung galaxy book 2 pro 360 is an amazing feat of engineering that makes it a fantastic match for college students. the 15.6-inch amoled display in a 3.1-pound laptop remains remarkable while delivering a 2-in-1 form factor that makes it a dream laptop for college students. not only that, but it more than doubles the geekbench performance of its predecessor, meaning that unless you have incredibly demanding needs, this vanishingly thin laptop has more power than you will likely ever need. the included s pen just adds to the compelling package, allowing you to easily take handwritten notes when necessary or sketch if you are in a creative area of study. while the lack of a silo for the s pen isn't ideal, hopefully you have a pen slot in your backpack to keep it safe. that leaves the webcam as my only real complaint \u2014 and that isn\u2019t relevant for everyone and is solved with an external webcam. see our full samsung galaxy book 2 pro 360 review. 2022 was a fantastic year for gaming laptops, and the lenovo legion 5i pro is up there as one of the best. for its price, you\u2019re getting a power-packed system in a sleek chassis with decent battery life, excellent thermal performance, and plenty of ports for all your gaming needs. while it's not the flashiest of gaming laptops, it's a really good gaming laptop that has been forged through years of iterative development. the result is supreme thermal performance, a great-to-use keyboard and touchpad, refined visual design, outstanding performance, and a gorgeous 16-inch 1440p 165hz display. see our full lenovo legion 5i pro review. the lenovo thinkpad x12 detachable is, in short, a better version of the surface pro 7. it has the same detachable form factor and uses a kickstand that can rotate to about the same 160-degree angle. the 12.3-inch display is almost identical to the one on the surface and, like the pro 7, the detachable keyboard is fantastic. you even get military-grade durability from its rigid chassis. why is it better than the surface pro 7 and pro 7+? because the thinkpad x12 detachable lasts longer on a charge, enduring for more than 11 hours, and it weighs slightly less than its magnesium alloy competitor. \u00a0better yet, the x12 detachable comes bundled with the keyboard and pen, although you'll need to spend a pretty penny on this business-focused detachable. if you need good speakers or a usb type-a port, then you might go with the surface pro 7, otherwise, we prefer the x12 detachable. if you prefer something less business-focused, consider the excellent microsoft surface pro 8. see our lenovo thinkpad x12 detachable review. the alienware m17 r5 (amd advantage) is overkill for most classwork, but if you are looking for a laptop that can also make the most of your downtime then this is a strong contender. at 5.6 pounds you probably won't want to lug this around campus all day, but the performance may win you over with the amd ryzen 9 6900hx and radeon rx 6850m xt gpu delivering big numbers, enough to give their intel and nvidia-powered competitors a run for their money more often than not. the biggest complaint we had about the m17 r5 is its 720 webcam, but you can always pick up one of the best webcams if you need a sharper image. we're willing to overlook that one flaw in exchange for its gorgeous 4k display, excellent audio, cherry mx keys and of course the aforementioned gaming prowess. the alienware m17 r5 (amd advantage) shouldn't be the first choice for most students, but if you have a lot of high-powered school tasks or you aren't giving up gaming while at college this is one to consider for its outstanding multimedia capabilities and flawless gaming performance. why you can trust laptop mag \n\n\nour expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. find out more about how we test. there are a number of factors students should consider before buying a laptop for college. the first is portability, which goes hand-in-hand with screen size. 13-inch laptops are popular among college students because they offer a good balance between screen real estate and portability. the dell xps 13 is a great example. it weighs around 2 pounds and is just 0.5 inches thick, yet you get a 13.3-inch edge-to-edge display. \u00a0we're also seeing more and more 14-inch laptops, like the lenovo thinkpad x1 carbon, which is remarkably portable for the screen size. battery life is another key component of any good college laptop. if you plan to take the notebook to class or the library, don't count on there being an outlet! \u00a0consider a laptop that gets at least 9 hours of battery life, which should be enough to get you through a couple of classes with enough juice for studies. when it comes to specs, we recommend buying a laptop with an intel u-series or h-series core i5 cpu, at least 8gb of ram (16gb is great) and a minimum of 256gb of storage. amd's chips are strong contenders in this arena as well, anything with a 4000-series or newer processor is going to be a great fit. apple's m1 or newer m1 pro and m1 max naturally fit the bill as well, although the latter push the price up considerably. on the budget end, chromebooks like the pixelbook go offer excellent value for college students. other things that will help you punch up a successful report or research complex topics include a comfy keyboard and sensitive touchpad. and when it's time to relax, be sure to get a laptop with a vivid and bright display (like any of those listed here). we put each laptop through extensive benchmark testing \u2014 both synthetic and real-world \u2014 before they end up in the hands of our reviewers. we evaluate each aspect of the laptop, including its performance, battery life, display, speakers and heat management. in our benchmark testing, we use a klein k10 colorimeter to detect the brightness and the srgb and dci-p3 color gamut of the laptop's display. for performance testing, we run the laptop through a gauntlet of benchmarks, including geekbench 5.4 and 3dmark professional graphics tests. to determine real-world performance, we task the laptop to convert a 4k video to 1080p resolution and to duplicate a 4.97gb multimedia file. our real-world graphics test is the sid meier's civilization vi: gathering storm benchmark with medium settings at 1080p and 4k resolution. we also run heat tests by playing a 15-minute full-screen video and measuring temperatures in different areas of the laptop. last but not least, our battery test consists of continuous web surfing over wi-fi at 150 nits of brightness. for macbooks and premium windows 10 or windows 11 laptops, a runtime of over 9 hours is considered a good result whereas gaming laptops and workstations that can stay powered for longer than 5 hours deserve praise. these tests are complemented with extensive hands-on testing from our reviewers who critique everything from the laptop's materials to the feel of its touchpad. get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips. sean riley has been covering tech professionally for over a decade now. most of that time was as a freelancer covering varied topics including phones, wearables, tablets, smart home devices, laptops, ar, vr, mobile payments, fintech, and more. \u00a0sean is the resident mobile expert at laptop mag, specializing in phones and wearables, you'll find plenty of news, reviews, how-to, and opinion pieces on these subjects from him here. but laptop mag has also proven a perfect fit for that broad range of interests with reviews and news on the latest laptops, vr games, and computer accessories along with coverage on everything from nfts to cybersecurity and more. best 16-inch laptops in 2023. best chromebook game 2023. asus rog zephyrus g14 ryzen 9 gaming laptop plummets to $999. by kimberly gedeonmarch 05, 2023. by kimberly gedeonmarch 05, 2023. by kimberly gedeonmarch 05, 2023. by kimberly gedeonmarch 05, 2023. by kimberly gedeonmarch 05, 2023. by kimberly gedeonmarch 05, 2023. by mark anthony ramirezfebruary 23, 2023. by momo tabarifebruary 19, 2023. by momo tabarifebruary 18, 2023. by momo tabarifebruary 01, 2023. by rael hornbyjanuary 24, 2023. laptop mag is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). \u00a9\nfuture us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,\nnew york,\nny 10036. by  monica chin / @mcsquared96. if you buy something from a verge link, vox media may earn a commission. see our ethics statement. shopping for a laptop can be stressful \u2014 doubly stressful if you or your children will be learning online for the first time. kids of different ages have a range of different laptop use cases and different needs. and as the choices for best laptop and best chromebook evolve, so do students\u2019 needs. so i spoke to some experts on the subject: students themselves. my recommendations here are meant to accommodate a variety of preferences and price ranges. but they\u2019re a jumping-off point rather than an exhaustive list: every student is different. before making a decision, you\u2019ll want to make sure you read reviews and try out devices yourself if you can. i\u2019ll do my best to keep this article up to date with items that are in stock. for younger students, a touchscreen device is easier to use than a keyboard and touchpad, says michelle glogovac. glogovac\u2019s five-year-old son uses an ipad for webex meetings with his kindergarten class. he\u2019s gotten the hang of it; glogovac says he\u2019s already learned how to mute and unmute himself, \u201ca skill that many adults aren\u2019t familiar with.\u201d. that said, it may be worth investing in a keyboard case if you go the tablet route. glogovac has to type her son\u2019s meeting codes and passwords for him, which can be cumbersome on the ipad\u2019s flat screen. as kids get older, their best laptop choice will vary depending on their needs. as a parent, it\u2019s important that you and your child are in sync about how they intend to use it and the size of the programs they want. kristin wallace purchased a budget hp laptop for her daughter, bella, but didn\u2019t realize how quickly the nine-year-old would fill up 32gb of storage. \u201cit is really slow and has no space for games. i need a computer with more storage space,\u201d said bella, who uses the laptop to zoom with friends and take virtual guitar lessons and math enrichment classes. wallace plans to buy bella a better device in the next few weeks. audio quality is an important consideration for kids\u2019 laptops. lisa mitchell, an elementary library media specialist, says her students use their devices to watch youtube videos in addition to their online classes. battery life is also a plus, even for distance learners who may not be far from a wall outlet. bella likes to use her laptop all around the house and doesn\u2019t want to bring the cord with her. durability is also worth paying for, according to mitchell. if you\u2019re using a tablet, get a protective case. \u201cif a reasonably-priced insurance or replacement policy is available, it\u2019s usually worth the extra expense.\u201d. the middle school students i spoke to don\u2019t use their laptops for much more than web-based schoolwork and browsing. don\u2019t be too concerned about power \u2014 prioritize a machine that\u2019s comfortable and easy for your child to use. \u201cwe just got the most basic chromebook and it is totally perfect,\u201d says gabrielle hartley, an attorney and mother of three children. \u201cthe most basic chromebook serves all the needs of the basic middle schooler.\u201d. hartley\u2019s son max, who is in eighth grade, agrees. \u201ci would really like a gaming pc or gaming laptop that can plug into a monitor and run video games with 120fps, but i really don\u2019t need that,\u201d max says. \u201cmost eighth graders aren\u2019t going to be running any video games on their laptops or any software that requires a lot of power.\u201d. max mostly uses his laptop for google classroom applications, including gmail, slides, google docs, and google sheets. they\u2019re very easy to use on his device, which he describes as \u201ca run-of-the-mill samsung chromebook.\u201d that said, if your child is starting middle school this year, it could be worth checking with their teachers to see what operating system is most compatible with their workflow. caspian fischer od\u00e9n, a ninth grader from sweden, told me he has trouble with his chromebook because his school has blocked downloading apps from the google play store. even kids with more demanding hobbies think a budget device can get the job done. sam hickman, an eighth grader from the uk who uses his laptop for photo and video editing, says, \u201cfor most middle schoolers, any processor developed within the last two years will be able to handle any tasks they can throw at it.\u201d. so, what is worth paying for? a comfortable keyboard, several students told me. many middle school kids aren\u2019t used to typing for long periods of time. you should also look for a device that\u2019s compact and easy for them to carry around, particularly if they\u2019re preparing for in-person school. shoot for an 11- to 13-inch model \u2014 certainly nothing larger than 15 inches. high schoolers\u2019 laptop needs can vary based on their interests, but most don\u2019t need powerful machines with lots of bells and whistles \u2014 especially if they come with glitches or serious downsides that could interfere with schoolwork. miles riehle, a student at laguna beach high school, has a high-end surface pro 7 but finds it overwhelming. \u201cthere is so much other stuff that i don\u2019t use very often,\u201d he said. \u201csomething simpler might be a little more straightforward.\u201d. the best operating system may depend on what your child is used to. aryan nambiar, a student at barrington high school in illinois, has an imac at home and enjoys using an ipad for his schoolwork. riehle says he would prefer a chromebook because he has an android phone and often uses google services. but almost every student i spoke to agreed that the most important feature of a high school laptop is portability. kids attending in-person classes may be carrying their device around for much of the day with a stack of other books. look for a 13- or 14-inch screen, or a lighter 15- to 17-inch model. students also recommend something sturdy. \u201cmost high schoolers i\u2019ve seen will throw their laptop in their bag without too much care,\u201d says moses buckwalter, a student at penn manor high school. backpacks can be jostled in the hallway as well. kids can also run into trouble at home. \u201canything can happen,\u201d says aadit agrawal, a high school student from india. \u201cmy own brother scratched my laptop with his nails.\u201d. battery life is another key feature. \u201cit can be a real struggle to find a place to charge while in class,\u201d says cas heemskerk, a sophomore from the netherlands. unlike college students, many high schoolers don\u2019t have frequent breaks to juice up their devices, so try to find something that can last a full day. many students recommend a touchscreen with stylus support. nambiar uses the feature for his biology class, where he does a lot of visual modeling. \u201cthe touchscreen is always a bonus for drawing diagrams, whereas if you\u2019re using a laptop it\u2019d be a whole process to submit a diagram you drew,\u201d nambiar says. riehle uses a surface pen to fill out school forms and annotate pdfs. agrawal finds it useful to take notes on the same screen as his online lessons. depending on the broadband situation in your area, you may also want a laptop with multiple connectivity options. agrawal\u2019s online classes are sometimes interrupted by powercuts, so he recommends an lte model. matej plavevski, a junior at yahya kemal college in north macedonia, recommends looking for an ethernet port in case slower connections disrupt meetings. that\u2019s hard to find on smaller laptops, but there\u2019s a slew of affordable dongles and docks to consider. college kids are justified in spending a bit more money than other age groups. some (especially in stem courses) can expect to do some fairly demanding work. assad abid, an electrical engineering undergrad from pakistan, needs to run simulation software for his assignments. aakash chandra, a student at new horizon college of engineering in india, does a lot of coding, in addition to creative work in premiere pro and photoshop, and gaming. students also noted that it\u2019s worthwhile to pay for a laptop that will last for a few years after graduation. that means you won\u2019t have to worry about finding and financing your next device until you\u2019re (hopefully) settled into a job. but among high-end, capable devices there\u2019s still a wide range of options. students stressed that a college laptop should be light. expect to bring it between classes, meals, meetings, the library, and other locations on campus. \u201cit\u2019s a boon that i can carry my laptop as well as some notebooks without feeling like i\u2019m carrying too much for six hours a day,\u201d says haseeb waseem, a senior at villanova university. another universally-lauded feature: battery life. waseem, who uses an hp spectre, says the all-day juice gives him \u201cthe flexibility to study in a bunch of different locations, and even outside.\u201d. speakers and webcams are often overlooked, even in top-end devices. but students say it\u2019s worth looking for good ones if you\u2019re starting college this year. though many college students are now back to in-person classes, some will still be meeting with clubs and attending events online. waseem isn\u2019t satisfied with his laptop\u2019s audio and picture quality, which he says has made it difficult to pay attention in class and to engage with other students. many students will need to invest more in areas tailored to their interests and schoolwork needs. chandra\u2019s dream laptop would include a stylus and touchscreen for his creative work as well as a high-end gpu. waseem, who uses his laptop for a hodgepodge of activities, including streaming, coding, social media, video chatting, and microsoft office work, would prefer to prioritize a large screen to keep track of his multitasking. / sign up for verge deals to get deals on products we've tested sent to your inbox daily. the verge is a vox media network. \u00a9 2023 vox media, llc. all rights reserved. if you're going off to college,\u00a0you'll need a laptop that can handle your school workload. depending on the program you're in, you can go with a simple chromebook, an ultraportable windows laptop or macbook, or a powerful mobile workstation. preferably, you'd want a portable, well-built device with enough battery life to get you through the day. as you'll be working a lot on the laptop, you should also look for a device with features that'll contribute to a good user experience, like a sharp and bright display, a comfortable keyboard, and a responsive touchpad. it's also important to consider the port selection if you plan on using multiple peripherals or external displays. we've bought and tested over 70 laptops. below you'll find our recommendations for the best laptops for college\u00a0you can buy. you can also see our recommendations for the\u00a0best laptops, the best business laptops, and the best chromebooks. the best laptop for college we've tested is the apple macbook pro 14 (2021). this premium mobile workstation has a sleek and compact design, a sturdy build, and all-day battery life. you can spec it with an m1 pro or m1 max soc (system on chip), both of which can handle nearly every type of workload, making it an excellent choice for students in fields like graphic design, architecture, or engineering. it gets a little hot under load, but the fans never get loud, so you don't have to worry about causing too much noise in a quiet classroom. in addition to its incredible performance, the macbook pro 14 provides a fantastic user experience. it has a sharp mini led display with full dci p3 coverage, a comfortable keyboard, and a gigantic, easy-to-use haptic touchpad. the speakers are among the best on the market, and the same goes for the webcam. if screen real estate is more important than portability, you can get the larger apple macbook pro 16 (2021). it's essentially the same device but has a 16-inch display, slightly better-sounding speakers, and a larger battery. the only downside is its higher price tag. the last thing to know about the macbook pros is that apple has released the m2 version and no longer sells the m1 models on their website, meaning it's best to go with an m2 model unless you can find the m1 at a deeply discounted price through a third-party seller, marketplace, or even apple's own refurbished section. these new models are essentially identical to their predecessors, just with a faster processor, hdmi 2.1, and increased memory support (up to 96gb). if your school workload consists only of lighter tasks like text processing, web browsing, and video playback, an ultraportable is a better choice. we recommend the apple macbook air 13 (2022), the successor to the very popular apple macbook air 13 (m1, 2020). it has a gorgeous display that gets bright enough for use outdoors in broad daylight, a comfortable keyboard that you can type on all day, and a gigantic and responsive haptic touchpad. its m2 soc is blazingly fast, and it doesn't even need active cooling, so you don't need to worry about loud fan noise in a quiet classroom. the main downside is that it only has two usb-c/thunderbolt 3 with support for a single external display. while the m2 macbook air is a fantastic device that we wholeheartedly recommend, it's still an expensive laptop, even more expensive than the older m1 model. the good news is that apple still sells m1 macbook air alongside the newer model. of course, there are a couple of tradeoffs, like its older design, slightly dimmer display, and a less powerful but still very capable m1 soc. these compromises are fairly minor, so it's up to you whether it's worth paying more for the m2 model. on the windows side, the equivalent of a macbook air is the microsoft surface laptop 5 (2022). it's also a premium ultraportable laptop that provides an amazing user experience. it's available in a 13- or 15-inch size, so you can choose the one that best suits your needs. you can configure it with an intel 12th gen. core i5 or i7 cpu and up to 32gb of memory and 1tb of storage. there are some limitations to the configurations; check out our full review for all the details. its battery lasts around eight hours of light use, so depending on your usage, you may need to plug it in for a quick charge to get through the day. the acer chromebook spin 714 (2022) is our pick for the best laptop for students in the mid-range category. this 2-in-1 chromebook has a nice 14-inch display, giving you just enough screen real estate for multitasking, and it supports pen input so that you can take notes with a stylus. the stylus comes with the device, and there's a charging slot in which you can dock it for transport. the keyboard feels spacious and tactile but can be tiring after an extended period. as for the touchpad, it's on the smaller side and can be slightly janky when performing some gestures, but overall, it's satisfactory. port selection is decent; you get one usb-a, two usb-c/thunderbolt 4, and an hdmi port. this laptop comes with various intel 12th gen. cpus, from a core i3-1215u to an i7-1260p. however, you may have trouble finding the exact configuration you want due to availability. the core i5 model with 8gb of memory and 128gb of storage seems to be the easiest to find in stock, and it's more than adequate for students with a light workload. battery life is outstanding; you can easily get through a full day with plenty to spare. if you're new to chrome os, know that it's more limited than windows or macos in the types of applications you can install, so you need to make sure you can do all of your schoolwork through a chrome browser. for windows users, we have two recommendations. if you want to stick with a 2-in-1 convertible, go with the lenovo ideapad flex 5i 14 (2022). if you just want a clamshell laptop, the acer swift 3 14 (2020) is a good choice, too. both laptops feel well-built and are easy to carry around. the ideapad flex 5i has a better keyboard and touchpad, and it's available with faster intel 12th gen. cpus; however, its battery doesn't last nearly as long as the swift 3. if you're shopping on a limited budget, the best budget laptop for students we've tested is the lenovo chromebook c340 15 (2020), a 2-in-1 convertible with a 360-degree hinge. you can configure it with an intel core i3 or pentium gold cpu, which are both powerful enough to provide a smooth experience on chrome os. however, you can only get a maximum of 4gb of memory, which means it may stutter a bit if you have too many applications or chrome tabs open. its battery life is excellent at around 12 hours of light use, more than enough to get through the day. of course, as it's a cheap model, there are a few compromises. first, the display doesn't get very bright; it's fine for most indoor settings but not well-lit environments or outdoors. second, keyboard backlighting is only available on models with an intel core i3 and 64gb of storage (model 81t90002ux). if you're new to chrome os, know it has limitations as to which types of apps or programs you can install, so you need to ensure that it suits your needs. if you want a device you can also game on during downtime, get the asus rog zephyrus g14 (2022). it has a nice 120hz qhd display with support for variable refresh rate to reduce screen tearing when gaming. it gets bright enough for use outdoors in broad daylight and has full dci p3 coverage, meaning you can use it for your color-critical work. its amd ryzen cpu and dedicated gpu are powerful enough to provide a smooth gaming experience, and they can also handle other demanding tasks, making the laptop suitable for students in technical fields like 3d graphics. the battery lasts around 10 hours of light use; however, if you do more intensive stuff that requires the dedicated gpu, you can expect it to be closer to an hour and a half. you get wi-fi 6e wireless connectivity as well as a windows hello ir camera for quick logins via facial recognition. apr 06, 2023:\n                minor text changes to include the microsoft surface laptop 5 (2022) as an alternative to the apple macbook air 13 (2022). no change in recommendations. mar 10, 2023:\n                minor text changes. replaced the acer swift 3 14 (2020) with the acer chromebook spin 714 (2022) because the spin 714 provides a better user experience overall. replaced the razer blade 14 (2022) with the asus rog zephyrus g14 (2022) because the asus is cheaper and has longer battery life. added the lg gram 17 (2021) as a notable mention. feb 10, 2023:\n                minor text changes to provide more information about the m2 apple macbook pro 14 and 16. removed the lenovo ideapad 3 15 (2021), as it's nearly the same price as the acer swift 3 14 (2020) but isn't as good. jan 13, 2023:\n                minor text changes to improve clarity and readability. no change in recommendations. dec 14, 2022:\n                verified accuracy of picks; no change in recommendations. our recommendations above are what we think are currently the best laptops for college students to buy. we factor in the price (a cheaper laptop wins over a pricier one if the difference isn't worth it), feedback from our visitors, and availability (no laptops that are difficult to find or almost out of stock everywhere). if you prefer to make your own decision, here's the list of all of our laptop\u00a0reviews, sorted by price from low to high. keep in mind that most laptops are available in various configurations, and the table only shows the results of the model we tested, so it's best to see the full review for information about other variants. new laptop innovations launch regularly and if you last upgraded your current laptop a few years ago, consider a more recent model to experience the latest designs and features. the best laptops are efficient enough to handle all types of work, whether for school or your job, in addition to watching movies or uploading photos; in short, they can handle it all. high-performing processors and long battery lives set newly released laptops apart from previous versions. at the same time, the latest oled displays and graphics can support creative work and produce clear and brighter visuals. the lenovo yoga 7i is a capable 2-in-1 laptop that works as a tablet, too. to find the best laptop for you, think about your non-negotiables when shopping. if you're looking for a gaming laptop, consider a large and powerful model with a fast processor. if you are creative and require the features of a computer and tablet, the lenovo yoga 7i could be the best fit for you. we combined our extensive first-hand experience with in-depth research to determine our picks for the best laptops for every lifestyle. these are the best laptops of 2023. cpu: intel core i5-1230u | ram: 16gb lpddr5 | graphics: intel iris xe | storage: 512gb ssd | display: 13.4-inch | resolution: 1,920 x 1,200 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 12 hours | weight: 2.6 pounds. best for: everyday web browsing, office use, and watching movies. the dell xps 13 has been one of the most beloved laptops for generations and that is just as true with this iteration. with 16gb of lpddr5 memory and a 512gb ssd, this little laptop delivers snappy performance at a reasonable price. it has a sturdy build, with a thin and light design for easy portability. the bezels around the display are incredibly thin, giving it an edge-less look, and yet dell still crams a 720p webcam in the top bezel. the 13.4-inch display carries 1,920 x 1,200 pixels, and it can hit 500 nits brightness\u2014a combination which looks great on this size screen. the xps 13 has a slim, aluminum chassis, standing just 0.6-inch. it has just two thunderbolt 4 usb type-c ports, both of which support displayport and power delivery. if you plan to connect lots of peripherals, you\u2019d need an accessory like a docking station. the configuration here is a base configuration; you can further configure the specs on this build-to-order system to upgrade to a touchscreen display (a $350 add-on). cpu:\u00a0intel core i7-12700k |\u00a0ram:\u00a032gb ddr5 |\u00a0graphics:\u00a0nvidia geforce rtx 3080 ti |\u00a0storage:\u00a01tb ssd |\u00a0display:\u00a015.6-inch |\u00a0resolution:\u00a02,560 x 1,440 |\u00a0refresh rate:\u00a0240hz\u00a0| battery:\u00a0up to 5 hours\u00a0| weight:\u00a04.4 pounds. best for:\u00a0gamers who want a high-end gaming machine. the razer blade 15 has all of the qualities a gamer would need. the desktop grade 12th-generation core i7-12700h processor combined with nvidia geforce rtx 3080 ti graphics provides high performance for competing in a virtual world. the blade 15 has 32gb of ram, 1tb of fast storage that can run for hours due to its interior cooling chamber. adding to its gamer-centric design is its thin bezel display and backlit keyboard, featuring large keycaps and responsive switches to help with typing accuracy and gaming during longer sessions. though the battery life on this model isn't extensive, you can get a few solid hours of play away from an outlet. cpu:\u00a0intel core i5-1235u |\u00a0ram: 16gb ddr4 |\u00a0graphics: nvidia geforce mx550 | storage: 256gb | display:\u00a014-inch | resolution: 2,240 x 1,400 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 8 hours | weight: 3.1 pounds. best for: budget buyers looking for a capable performer for under $1,000. this hp pavilion plus has everything you need for a whole range of simple tasks, whether it's office work, web browsing and research or even casual gaming. it has an intel 12th-generation core i5 cpu, and nvidia gtx mx550 graphics. the mx550 isn't a powerful gaming chip, but it's better than onboard graphics and gives this laptop enough power to play almost any game at lower settings. this pavilion has a 256gb ssd, limited but manageable unless you're trying to install several large games. you can enjoy those games, videos and text on this model\u2019s sharp 2k display. at just 3.1 pounds, this laptop is light and compact enough to take just about anywhere without weighing you down. its design is clean and professional. the battery lasts eight hours, not enough for a full day out. but its fast-charge feature means you can get back to 50% battery in just 30 minutes of charging, so you aren't ever likely to run low unless you're really taking this laptop off the grid. cpu:\u00a0amd ryzen 9 6900hs |\u00a0ram: 16gb ddr5 |\u00a0graphics: amd radeon 6700s | storage: 1tb ssd | display:\u00a014-inch | resolution: 2,560 x 1,600 | refresh rate: 120hz | battery: up to 10 hours | weight: 3.6 pounds. best for: gamers who want excellent performance and strong battery life in one. the best gaming laptop title usually goes to the most powerful gaming laptops, and that's understandable. but more modest gaming laptops like this asus rog zephyrus g14 are arguably better for general use, as they not only deliver excellent gaming performance, but also have longer battery life and a lighter chassis. the g14 laptop embodies all that and then some, with a great blend of performance and portability, a winning combination that helps make this model a good choice for students, too. inside, this laptop has an amd ryzen 9 6900hs cpu with amd radeon 6700s graphics\u2014an efficient pairing of powerful gaming components to enable aaa gameplay at high detail settings, and esports gaming at high frame rates and resolutions. the 2k display has a high 120hz refresh rate, and a peak brightness of around 500 nits. at just 3.6 pounds, this is one of the lighter gaming laptops around. cpu: intel core i7-1260p | ram: 16gb lpddr5 | graphics: intel iris xe | storage: 512gb ssd | display: 13.4-inch oled | resolution: 3,840 x 2,400 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 12 hours | weight: 2.77 pounds. best for: those seeking a highly portable, high-performance laptop with a brilliant oled screen and a fresh, borderless touchpad design. the dell xps 13 plus introduces a radical new design and updated technologies to the iconic xps 13 (the configuration above is a variation of the standard model). this xps 13 plus upgrades the cpu to intel\u2019s 12th generation processors and has ddr5 memory and a 512gb ssd, both components which take full advantage of the potential speed of these newest intel chips. the battery can last up to 12 hours. where this laptop really distinguishes itself, though, is with its bright, 4k oled display. at just 13.4-inches, it has a high pixel density and crisp text. the oled technology produces deeper black levels than found on lcd screens, so everything from static images to uhd movies looks rich and vibrant. the xps 13 plus laptop also comes with a sizable and unusual trackpad: it lacks defined borders and clear keys, but its nifty tactile feedback motors help you know just where you're tapping. one downside: the xps 13 plus has just two usb type-c/thunderbolt 4 ports, same as on the xps 13. cpu:\u00a0intel core i9-12900h |\u00a0ram: 32gb lpddr5 |\u00a0graphics: nvidia rtx 3080 ti mobile | storage: 1tb ssd | display:\u00a017.3-inch | resolution: 3,840 x 2,560 | refresh rate: 144hz | battery: up to 6 hours | weight: 4.6 pounds. best for: gaming  or creating at 4k resolution, with no loss of detail or clarity. the razer blade 17 features every top-tier component money can buy, from the 14-core intel core i9-12900hk processor and equally impressive nvidia rtx 3080 ti graphics chip, to the 32gb of ddr5 memory and 144hz 4k display. this laptop will outperform most desktop pcs by a significant margin, letting you play any game at 4k with all settings turned up to their maximum. it also comes in a sleek and sturdy chassis, with a robust selection of ports, thin bezels and upgradeable storage to give you plenty of space to store all of your games. battery life won't last a long time on a laptop this powerful, but it has enough to get you through part of your day away from a power socket. cpu:\u00a0apple m2 10-core |\u00a0ram: 8gb |\u00a0graphics: apple m2 gpu | storage: 512gb ssd | display:\u00a013.3-inch | resolution: 2,560 x 1,664 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 18 hours | weight: 2.7 pounds. best for: completing lightweight tasks at blazing speed. the apple macbook air m2 builds on the success of the m1 generation air with greater performance and a bright 500 nits 2k display. this model\u2019s aluminum body design presents as a classy and understated look.  the m2 processor at the heart of this machine is faster than its predecessor and in limited workloads it can even keep up with the macbook pro. the m2 can struggle a little with getting hot during extensive heavy compute loads, even though apple has a passive heatpipe cooling solution to offset the chip\u2019s heat. since thermal throttling can happen, this laptop is best suited to more lightweight tasks, even if it can blaze through short-run demanding tasks if the need should arise. at just 2.7 pounds, the lightweight macbook air m2 is the best macbook available for on-the-go use. this isn't the least expensive configuration of the macbook air m2, but the 256gb version ($300 less) has a slower ssd, making it less easy to recommend. cpu: amd ryzen 5 3500c |\u00a0ram: 8gb ddr4 |\u00a0graphics: amd vega | storage: 128gb emmc | display:\u00a014-inch | resolution: 1,920 x 1,080 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 14 hours | weight: 3.4 pounds. best for: affordable, speedy computing with google's services. chromebooks are often the most affordable laptops you can buy, and the acer chromebook spin 514 is a great example of that. it delivers solid performance with its amd ryzen 5 processor and 8gb of ram, and it does so at a price well below what most windows laptops charge for comparable specs and features. (note, less expensive versions of the spin 514 have older versions of the ryzen 5.). the spin 514 has a good-looking, 1080p touchscreen display, and a 360-degree hinge so you can \u201cspin\u201d the laptop into different positions\u2014including a tablet. the storage is limited to just 128gb of emmc flash, so it isn't particularly fast or expansive, but you do 100gb of free google drive storage. battery life is solid, and will get you through almost two work-days, and it is light enough to take this laptop with you wherever you go. cpu: intel core i7-1235u |\u00a0ram: 8gb ddr4 |\u00a0graphics: intel xe | storage: 512gb ssd | display:\u00a014-inch touchscreen | resolution: 1,920 x 1,080 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 12 hours | weight: 3.4 pounds. best for: budget laptop buyers who also need a tablet. the hp pavilion x360 is among the best 2-in-1 laptops you can buy in 2022, and with comparable features to our best budget laptop offering, it ticks a lot of boxes as a great affordable laptop, too. it has a solid mid-range intel core i7 12th generation processor, and half a terabyte of fast ssd storage, giving it snappy operation in day- to-day use and a fast startup time. the 14-inch 1080p display is crisp thanks to the high pixel density at this size, and with over 10 hours of battery life, there's more than enough to finish a full workday at the office or in lectures. the onboard graphics are capable enough for very lightweight gaming, but don't expect to play much outside of older esports and indie games. the display is a touchscreen, and with the 360-degree hinge you can fold this laptop flat and use it as a tablet, although it's a little bulkier than detachable 2-in-1 laptops. it also supports tent mode for comfortable touchscreen inputs and movie watching. at 3.4 pounds, this laptop is light enough to carry around and the built-in five-megapixel webcam with dynamic backlight adjustment is more than good enough for basic video conferencing and video calls. cpu: intel core i5-11300h |\u00a0ram: 16gb lpddr4x |\u00a0graphics: intel xe | storage: 256gb ssd | display:\u00a014.4-inch touchscreen | resolution: 2,400 x 1,600 | refresh rate: 120hz | battery: up to 19 hours | weight: 3.8 pounds. best for: students who want good performance and extensive battery life. the microsoft surface laptop studio is unique among its surface brethren, with its intriguing operational modes. the surface laptop studio has solid mid-range performance with its 11th-generation intel core i5 cpu and integrated intel xe graphics; and, it has plenty of ddr4 memory for responsive computing in even intensive tasks like photo editing. where it really shines is in its near-20-hour battery life, which ensures you can get through multiple days of lectures or pull an all-nighter to get your work done without having to hunt for a charger. while the price is a little high for this kind of hardware, if you're a student, parents, teacher, members of the armed forces\u00a0or medical industry, you may be eligible for a discount, so be sure to check with microsoft before buying. the display is a real standout with this laptop, too. with a 2k resolution and 120hz refresh rate, the standout display looks crisp and buttery smooth as you move around the desktop. and if you do a little light gaming in esports or indie games, the fast display minimizes input lag and provides more responsive competitive play. it's also great for touch inputs, too, being tuned for the extra-cost surface slim pen. using the surface studio in an easel-like stage mode stance is useful for drawing, sketching and note at a comfortable angle. the 256gb of ssd space might not give you room for your whole movie collection, but it's enough to house all the documents you're working on. cpu: intel pentium gold 4425y |\u00a0ram: 4gb lpddr3 |\u00a0graphics: intel xe | storage: 64gb emmc | display: 10.5-inch touchscreen | resolution: 1,920 x 1,080 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 11 hours | weight: 1.2 pounds. best for: the first laptop you give to your kids. the surface go 3 is the latest generation of microsoft's ultra-portable convertible tablet that, when combined with the comfortable type cover accessory, becomes a capable little laptop. it's compact, lightweight and has thick bezels for easy handling. it's also extremely light, which makes it easy for small hands to hold. for its size, this model works well enough for browsing the web, watching streaming services and using kids\u2019 educational apps. the 64gb of onboard storage is enough to keep a few movies stored locally, and with space to spare for interactive apps and games to keep the kids entertained for hours. the windows 11 operating system (as opposed to google\u2019s chrome os at this price) means it has access to the full range of desktop apps, too, for older kids who want a little more from their tablet. but beware: keyboard and pen cost extra. cpu: intel core i7-1260p |\u00a0ram: 16gb lpddr5 |\u00a0graphics: intel iris xe | storage: 512gb ssd | display: 16-inch touchscreen | resolution: 2,560 x 1,600 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 15 hours | weight: 4.2 pounds. best for: laptop and tablet work\u2014and casual gaming, too. the lenovo yoga 7i 16-inch is everything a modern 2-in-1 laptop can be. it has long battery life and a high-resolution, responsive touchscreen. the intel core i7-1260p at the heart of this machine delivers excellent performance in both lightweight and more demanding tasks, partly thanks to its 16gb of high-speed lpddr5 memory which offers much greater bandwidth than previous generation 2-in-1s. it lacks dedicated graphics, so this isn't a 2-in-1 for gamers, but the onboard intel xe is enough for older indie and esports games. there's also an optional intel a370m that you can add-in to your build with more expensive configurations, if you want more gaming power. the 16-inch 2k touchscreen produces crisp images, and its taller 16:10 aspect ratio makes it great for browsing longer documents or websites. contort this model to use it in multiple ways, thanks to the 360-degree hinge which lets you use it as a tablet. that said, at just over four pounds, it's most comfortably held in two hands when in tablet mode. the yoga 7i has a pair of thunderbolt 4/usb type-c ports for attaching high-speed external drives, or an external monitor. cpu: intel core i7-1240p |\u00a0ram: 8gb lpddr5 |\u00a0graphics: intel iris xe | storage: 256gb ssd | display: 14-inch | resolution: 1,920 x 1,200 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 12 hours | weight: 2.5 pounds. best for: professionals who crave sturdy quality builds. lenovo's thinkpad range remains the gold standard for business laptops, and that tradition continues with the thinkpad x1 carbon 14-inch. it's powered by a new generation intel core i7-1240p processor and 8gb of ram (although we\u2019d recommend jumping to 16gb if you can). likewise, this config comes with 14-inch 1080p display, but the touchscreen version also holds appeal\u2014as does the pricier 4k option (but only go 4k if you prioritize crisp text over battery life). like other thinkpads, this model has a sturdy and robust build. it\u2019s one of the lightest laptops around, at 2.5-pounds. built for business, this laptop has biometric security, with a built-in fingerprint reader and an optional privacyguard display to hide what you're looking at from anyone who might try to snoop on your screen. cpu: intel core i7-12700h |\u00a0ram: 16gb ddr5 |\u00a0graphics: nvidia geforce rtx 3050 | storage: 256gb ssd | display: 15.6-inch oled | resolution: 3,456 x 2,160 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 10 hours | weight: 4.3 pounds. best for: office work, casual gaming and hdr movies. the dell xps 15 is a contender for the best laptop overall, but its higher price tag and chunkier form factor make it a very close second to its trimmer sibling, the xps 13. inside sits a powerful nvidia geforce rtx 3050 graphics, which is more than capable of playing the latest esports games and aaa games as long as you keep the detail settings low. whether you're playing, working, or watching your favorite movies, though, the display on this laptop will make it look great. the 3.5k oled display delivers terrific-looking content, with deep blacks and sharp text. thin bezels give the laptop a very modern and seamless look. the laptop isn\u2019t light, though; and at 15-inches, it's difficult to hold in one hand, either. with 10 hours of battery life, you won't be hunting for charge points every time you use it. cpu: apple m1 pro |\u00a0ram: 16gb |\u00a0graphics: apple m1 pro gpu | storage: 1tb ssd | display: 16.2-inch | resolution: 3,456 x 2,234 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 21 hours | weight: 4.7 pounds. best for: handling demanding professional workloads. the apple macbook pro 16\u2019s gorgeous, large screen is perfect for creative work. it has plenty of space for you to view multiple audio tracks when audio editing, and expansive timelines when video editing. and if you\u2019re editing photos, the display has excellent color accuracy and 1,600 nits brightness. this model\u2019s battery life lasts up to 21 hours. it has heaps of extra ports, so you won't be stuck using an adapter or hub to plug in your camera and other external devices. the newer macbook pro m2 may have the faster m2 processor, but it's limited to the 13-inch model as of this writing. if you want a big screen macbook, this is it. cpu: intel core i7-12700h |\u00a0ram: 32gb lpddr5 |\u00a0graphics: nvidia geforce rtx 3060| storage: 1tb ssd | display: 15.6-inch touchscreen oled | resolution: 3,840 x 2,160 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 8 hours | weight: 5.2 pounds. best for: editing audio, video and photos. the asus zenbook pro duo 15 is a worthy alternative to the macbook pro 16, offering stellar performance that rivals even some of apple's newer m2 models, thanks to its high-end intel core i7 12th-generation cpu, and 32gb of ddr5 memory. the nvidia rtx 3060 makes this laptop capable of handling 3d transitions and 3d design work, or if you want to do some light gaming when you're finished editing, it's more than up for the task. battery life isn't the best, though\u2014especially when using the hardware to its full potential\u2014so be sure to keep the charger handy. this laptop\u2019s standout feature lies with its dual displays. the main display is 15.6-inch 4k oled touchscreen; it delivers crisp and vibrant images, and it supports 100% of the dci-p3 professional color space for impressive color accuracy. the secondary touchscreen, called the screenpad, display sits on the top of the keyboard deck, and lets you access a range of controls in editing applications more readily, or extend the display vertically, letting you put editing elements like your video timeline on the secondary display, for example. cpu: amd ryzen 5500u |\u00a0ram: 8gb |\u00a0graphics: amd vega | storage: 256gb ssd | display: 14-inch | resolution: 1,920 x 1,080 | refresh rate: 60hz | battery: up to 10 hours | weight: 3.2 pounds. best for: office work, web browsing and casual gaming. the hp 14 is an impressive laptop for its incredibly low cost. with a mid-range, energy-efficient amd ryzen processor, it offers solid performance for lightweight tasks like web browsing and office work, and though its integrated graphics isn't overly powerful, there's enough performance there to handle entry level and retro gaming. at 3.2 pounds, this laptop is lightweight and portable enough to take with you wherever you go. this hp 14 has a modern look, with trim bezels and a slim chassis, but it won't stand out in the sea of macbook clones. the display isn\u2019t bright, though, limited to just 250 nits, but as long as you don't use it in direct sunlight, it should be enough for everyday use. the forbes vetted tech team is well-versed in all things digital, having written articles and in the category (a couple of staffers, including dave johnson, our deputy editor, have even authored books). jon martindale, the writer of this story, is a regular forbes vetted tech contributor who has bylines in digital publications including digital trends and pcgamer, and formerly ran his own pc hardware review website. needless to say, we\u2019ve collectively conducted extensive research and testing on laptop models designed for home use, work, gaming and everything in between. we sourced the best laptops of 2023 from reputable, top-rated brands and examined critical features of each model including battery life, visual display, processors and overall value. we looked at customer reviews as well, ensuring each pick had an average rating of at least 3.5 stars out of 5. we also included options to fit everyone's lifestyle when assembling our list. for those who do more photo and video editing, the apple macbook pro 16 has a large screen, color accuracy and ample storage space. for people who prefer something less expensive, we included the hp pavilion plus 14, which is under $1,000, lightweight and has a battery life of up to eight hours. we frequently update this story to ensure accuracy and it was last edited in january 2023. buying a laptop is a big decision, so it\u2019s smart to consider all the minutiae before pulling out your credit card. have a look at individual reviews of laptops you're considering and make sure it has the performance you need. if you're a gamer, make sure it has a reasonably good gpu. if you want to do video editing, make sure it has at least six cores and 16gb of memory, preferably more. no matter what you're doing, make sure it has a reasonably sized ssd, 256gb or more. you also want 8gb of ram as a minimum, and 16gb if you do a lot of multitasking like having multiple programs or dozens of web browser tabs open. check what ports the laptop has, and if it can accommodate the peripherals you need to attach. if you have an external hard drive, make sure it has enough connectors for it and your other accessories. likewise, if you want to use something with thunderbolt 4, make sure it supports those standards. do you want a laptop that can work as a tablet too? look for a 2-in-1 model that supports at least usage positions. this can be handy for certain games, creative tasks or for just watching movies. some come with detachable keyboards, while others rotate the screen round to the back of the keyboard. detachable keyboard models have the most lightweight designs, but battery life and performance can suffer, and their keyboards aren't as good for typing. if you want to use your laptop on a train, plane or carry it around with you all day at school, you want to target laptops that have good battery life and a lightweight design. smaller, more efficient devices are much better travel companions. while 4k tvs are common, 4k laptops are expensive and are overkill for most people. the images are sharper and crisper than at 1080p, but the trade-off lies in paying more for the display and losing battery life. pay for it if you want the sharpest picture you can get, but you should know that screen comes at a sacrifice elsewhere. a 2k screen might be a worthy compromise: you still get improved text and image clarity, only at a lower price premium. our overall pick for the best laptop is the dell xps 13. it has ample storage space for everyday office use, entertainment and web browsing. the sleek laptop has an overall sturdy build but is still lightweight, great for taking on-the-go. while we named this our overall best, all laptops included in this roundup were selected for different lifestyles and daily tasks. most modern laptops from brands like lenovo, dell, apple and hp are reliable, especially if you opt for the more expensive models. however, some lines of laptops from these manufacturers have a particular pedigree for reliability and durability. lenovo's thinkpad range of laptops is noteworthy for their robust build, business-friendly design and lengthy battery life. they don't always look as sleek as other designs, nor do they incorporate the latest technologies first; but they are some of the most popular business systems for professional use. apple's macbooks have a strong combination of build quality and performance, with amazingly efficient battery life. dell's xps laptops are also very reliable, though hp's spectre line of convertible 2-in-1 laptops is also worth consideration. most laptops have at least 10 hours of battery life, but if you need more than that, then there are some amazing options available today. most of apple's newer m1 and m2 macbooks offer close to 20 hours of battery life, with the 2020 macbook air m2 offering some of the best battery life of any laptop available today. alternatively, windows users can find similarly high battery life with models like the microsoft surface laptop studio, and around 15-hours with the lenovo yoga 7i. many chromebooks have long battery life, too, taking full advantage of their lean operating system and lightweight hardware to last for up to 20 hours on a single charge. the laptops with the best battery life generally have 1080p displays, smaller screens, without a dedicated gpu, and with the option of turning off any extraneous lighting. gaming laptops with their power-siphoning dedicated graphics usually have poor battery life, but some exceptions\u2014like the asus rog zephyrus g14\u2014which can manage close to 10 hours of gaming time. looking for more options? we\u2019ve got a list to help you find the best laptop for your lifestyle. from macbooks and chromebooks, to models under $500, we've got you covered. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. get kitted out for college with the best laptops for students. heading to college or starting a new year of high school can be difficult enough without extra financial pressure, so we've put together our guide to the best laptops for students to help you make the right choice. if you're not familiar with the best student laptops, though, it can be hard to know what to buy \u2013 which is why we've crunched the numbers to reveal which nine laptops can handle the rigors of academic life. scour our list and you'll find laptops with processors that can handle essay-writing, creative work and multi-tasking. we've tested machines with huge batteries \u2013 perfect for tackling a long day of lectures. elsewhere we've picked out portables with great displays and speakers for watching movies and box sets, and some have beefy nvidia graphics for gaming and esports. our selections also include lightweight machines for campus transport, notebooks with great webcams for video calls, and rigs with top-notch keyboards and loads of ports. the list includes laptops for every budget, which is critical when you need kit that doesn't cost the earth. combine that with the brilliant student laptop deals out there and you're bound to find the perfect student laptop at a reduced price. there's no shortage of student tech advise elsewhere, either: explore our advise on the best macbooks for students or best tablets for students, and if you need some more specialized kit, there's our best laptops for coding and programming and best laptops for photo editing guides too. apple now sells two varieties of macbook air. both remain superb, but the updated m2 model delivers loads of upgrades. the biggest change is the new m2 processor, which supplies improved performance in tough creative situations, like photo- and video-editing. you\u2019ll have to spend more to get your hands on this silicon \u2013 the entry-level air m2 costs $1,199 / \u00a31,249 and $1,499 / \u00a31,549 for a beefed-up gpu and larger ssd \u2013 but if you need power for creative workloads, that\u2019s worthwhile. apple has improved the air in other departments. it\u2019s got a sleeker, lighter design, and larger and brighter screen, and a crisper facetime camera \u2013 it\u2019s moved from 720 p to 1080 p. elsewhere, you\u2019ll find improved audio quality, support for high-impedance headphones, and a magsafe port for easier, faster charging that doesn\u2019t occupy a thunderbolt socket. the air retains the same superb keyboard, robust aluminum chassis and fantastic all-day battery life. as ever, you\u2019ll get better performance from a macbook pro, and the macbook air m1 remains a great choice for good-looking, light and capable everyday computing. if you\u2019d like a slim, light apple rig with more power, ports and features, though, the air m2 is a superb choice \u2013 it will tackle virtually every student scenario. the apple macbook pro 13 has long been a campus favorite, and there\u2019s no sign of that changing with the latest iteration of this impressive notebook. the 13.3 in display has vivid colors and a high resolution, so movies and tv shows look fantastic. the display sits above some of the best speakers you\u2019ll find on any small laptop, and the macbook\u2019s fifteen-hour battery life means you\u2019ll have the longevity for a full day. apple\u2019s keyboards remain brilliant, and this smaller macbook has a superb trackpad and a customizable touch bar. it\u2019s got a decent 720 p webcam, and it can run ios apps and games alongside mac os software. the only real issue is a lack of physical connectivity \u2013 the macbook has two thunderbolt ports, but no full-size usb connectors. on the inside, apple\u2019s m1 processor tackles anything shy of the toughest creative workloads. everything\u2019s contained in a robust aluminum chassis that only weighs 3 lbs (1.4 kg), so it won\u2019t bog you down. the macbook pro 13 is sturdy, fast, and stylish, with the ability to succeed in almost every area. it\u2019s not as expensive as newer macbook pro machines either, with prices that start at \u00a31,299 / $1,299, although we\u2019d recommend upgrading to 16 gb memory for better multi-tasking performance. with its clean aluminum design the hp envy 13\u2019s looks decent, and its 1.3 kg weight and 17 mm body mean it\u2019s easy to slip inside a bag and take to lectures. the comfortable and quiet keyboard is ideal for the library or lecture theatre, and the 1080 p touchscreen is versatile, bright, and bold. hp\u2019s notebook has full-size usb ports, which is rare on such a slim machine, and it has reasonably punchy speakers. the envy has a webcam, but no thunderbolt or hdmi. on the inside, it\u2019s available in two configurations: an intel core i5 model with 8 gb of memory and a core i7 spec with 16 gb of ddr4 ram. the former is fine for everyday work, and the latter is well-suited to trickier tasks. on the battery front, expect between 12 and 14 hours of longevity \u2013 a healthy result. these configurations aren\u2019t too expensive: the core i5 rig costs $939 / \u00a3899, while the core i7 machine arrives at $1,049 / \u00a31,049. it\u2019s also worth remembering that hp offers 14 in, 15.6 in, and 17.3 in versions of this machine if you\u2019d like something larger. the lower price does mean that the hp has some minor issues: build quality could be better, and apple and amd processors are faster. they\u2019re not dealbreakers though, and the hp envy 13 stays one of the best laptops for students on a budget. the dell xps 13 is another reliably excellent laptop from dell. its milled aluminum and carbon fiber body mean it\u2019ll looks just as good as anything else in the lecture hall, and it\u2019s strong and light. the dell has a satisfying keyboard, a large touchpad, and a battery that lasts between 12 and 18 hours. it\u2019s packed with features, too: it has a windows hello webcam, thunderbolt 4 ports, and a microsd card slot alongside reasonable speakers. you don\u2019t get full-size usb ports, though. the dell xps 13 is available with three displays. the 16:10 aspect ratio means more vertical space, and all have tiny bezels and superb quality \u2013 so your box sets and creative work will look great. the 1920 x 1200 screen is an ideal everyday display, while the higher-resolution panels are better for more demanding users with thicker wallets. the oled display is particularly dazzling. intel\u2019s low-power core i5 and core i7 chips are good, with the latter providing enough power for most work tasks, and the xps is available with 32 gb of memory. the dell xps 13 is not the most affordable student laptop. its cheapest rigs cost $1,319 / \u00a31,099, and you\u2019ll have to spend more for core i7 cpus and high-resolution displays. however, if you\u2019ve got the cash, the dell xps 13 is the best high-end windows laptop for students. while it has been replaced by the newer m2 model, the macbook air m1 is still a great choice for students. it weighs just 1.29 kg and it\u2019s only 16 mm thick \u2013 and, despite that, it\u2019s got a rock-solid aluminum body with a great-looking design in three colors. if you want a machine that\u2019ll turn heads and survive busy campus life, this is a top contender for one of the best laptops for students. the 13.3 in display has a 2560 x 1600 resolution alongside bold colors, which means your browser windows, work apps, and media all look fantastic. the speakers are decent, too \u2013 easily good enough for movies and music, even if they lack a little punch. battery life peaks at 14 hours, and the macbook has a couple of thunderbolt ports and a webcam, but that\u2019s it for connectivity. the keyboard is responsive and suitable for a day of working. on the inside the apple m1 processor will handle almost any student task \u2013 you\u2019ll only need more power if you want to run high-end design or creative software. we\u2019d recommend the 16 gb air to get the most out of multi-tasking, and the reduced price of $999 / \u00a3999 is a great deal. if you want to stick with mac os, you\u2019ll get more speed, battery life, and storage on the macbook pro. however, if you want the slimmest, lightest apple laptop around, then the macbook air is excellent. the hp envy x360 13\u2019s prices almost always duck below $1,000 / \u00a31,000, which is a great starting point for a student laptop, and it\u2019s the only convertible in this group \u2013 so you can flip it around and use it as a tablet or prop it up to watch movies or tv shows. when student laptops need to exhibit versatility, that\u2019s a boon. the lightweight hp envy x360 has good build quality, and its 1080 p display has solid contrast and reasonably accurate colors \u2013 you\u2019ll only be disappointed if you want to use this machine for color-sensitive creative tasks. the speakers are fine for casual media, but they\u2019re not brilliant and lack bass. this rig has full-size usb ports, a comfortable keyboard, and a webcam with a privacy shutter and a microsd card reader. on the inside, it\u2019s available with amd ryzen 5 and ryzen 7 chips and their intel equivalents. the amd chips are better, with the former fine for everyday multi-tasking and the latter more powerful. expect up to 11 hours of battery life. it\u2019s cheaper, so you do get what you pay for and you can get better tech elsewhere if you\u2019re willing to pay more, but the hp envy x360 13 remains a good choice for students who want a versatile and affordable convertible. convertible laptops are usually small, but there\u2019s no such compromise on the spectre \u2013 this notebook has a 16-inch oled display. the 16:10 touchscreen has a monster 3840 x 2400 resolution, it displays the dci-p3 color gamut and it includes a tilt pen \u2013 it\u2019s unrivaled for creative work. the robust aluminum chassis flips into tablet and tent modes, so you can deploy the spectre like a laptop, tv screen or graphics tablet. its intel core i7-1260p processor is ideal for mainstream creative tasks even if it can\u2019t cope with top-end work, but that should be enough for student scenarios \u2013 especially with 16 gb of memory and an intel a370m gpu. connectivity is good thanks to two thunderbolt ports, an hdmi 2.1 output and a microsd slot, and internally you get a 5 mp webcam, a fingerprint reader and a superb keyboard. the 2 kg weight isn\u2019t bad for a 16 in device, and the hp\u2019s battery lasts for a working day. there aren\u2019t many negatives, although the bang & olufsen speakers aren\u2019t very good. whilst not cheap, the spectre offers fantastic value for money when you consider that large oled screen and convertible form. for art and design students, it\u2019s a stunning buy, but it's probably overkill for most students. there\u2019s lots to like about the vero\u2019s eco-friendly credentials: thirty percent of the chassis is made from recycled material, and those percentages increase in the screen, keyboard and packaging. that\u2019s great if you want eco-friendly tech, and the vero continues to impress. acer\u2019s latest models have new intel core i5-1235u and i7-1255u processors, with the former ideal for everyday work tasks and the latter capable of light content creation. for student workloads, those processors are ideal. you\u2019ll have to pay $899 / \u00a3899 for the core i7 model and $749 / \u00a3749 for the core i5 rig. we criticized the vero in the past for connectivity issues, but those have been fixed with the additions of thunderbolt 4 and usb charging. this year\u2019s model has improved bluetooth 5.2 and the slower usb 2.0 ports have gone. its keyboard remains impressive, the battery lasts for an entire day, but the screen is mediocre and the chassis is bulkier and heavier than most contemporaries. you\u2019ll have to pay extra to fix those issues, though, and the vero is a good option in key areas. it\u2019s ideal if you want affordable, eco-friendly computing. loads of schools use chrome os now, so it makes sense that students want to continue embracing chrome os at university \u2013 and the google pixelbook go is your best chrome os option. chrome os is now a mature operating system that\u2019ll tackle virtually any student task, and this matte aluminum body is sturdy and stylish. combine that with the impressive 1080 p display and quiet, comfortable keyboard and you\u2019ve got a tempting all-rounder that lightweight and easy to carry around. on the inside, the chromebook is available with older intel core m3, i5, and i7 processors. the m3 chip is suitable for basic tasks, the core i5 cpu is a good everyday chip, and the core i7 cpu is ideal for mainstream creative work. we\u2019d also recommend the 16 gb option if you want to enjoy flawless multi-tasking. battery life sits at a reasonable 12 hours, and pricing is decent: the pixelbook go starts at $649 / \u00a3629 and ranges up to $1,399 / \u00a31,329. elsewhere, the pixelbook go has a webcam and two usb-c ports, but sadly no full-size usb ports. it\u2019s only got mediocre speakers, too. the pixelbook won\u2019t suit everyone, so those with more demanding needs will find extra power and features elsewhere. but, if you want to use chrome os then the pixelbook go is the best choice. mike is a freelance technology journalist and consultant who is fascinated with gaming, futuristic technology and motorsport. previously, mike has worked as a writer for pc pro magazine writing and published articles on technology for many other media outlets, including techradar, wired, pc advisor, stuff, the inquirer and red bull gaming. get a macbook air for under $800 with this amazon deal. tecno megabook t1 review: a stunning debut laptop. scientists discover 1st 'neutron-rich' isotope of uranium since 1979. by morgan bailee boggess mccoyapril 05, 2023. by a. j. demersapril 05, 2023. by dr. david warmflashapril 04, 2023. by tia ghosemarch 30, 2023. by anna goramarch 30, 2023. by harry bullmoremarch 29, 2023. by anna goramarch 27, 2023. by harry bullmoremarch 27, 2023. by anna goramarch 22, 2023. by owen jarusmarch 21, 2023. by james o\u2019malleymarch 20, 2023. live science is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). \u00a9\nfuture us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,\nnew york,\nny 10036. when you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. this doesn't affect our editorial independence. a good laptop can be just the leg up that a student needs for scholastic success. whether you\u2019re a freshman or you\u2019re heading into your final year, having a laptop that\u2019s capable, sturdy, and portable, with good battery life will help eliminate at least some of the stress that accompanies college life. but with so many different options out there, it\u2019s easy to feel overwhelmed. don\u2019t worry, we\u2019ve got you covered. the pcworld team has curated a comprehensive list of the best laptops for college students to help you finally make that coveted deans list. we\u2019ve thoroughly tested and reviewed all of these picks in our ongoing quest to find the best laptops for everyone. all of the recommendations on this list are outstanding productivity machines, but we\u2019ve also included picks for gamers and options at a variety of price points. and if you\u2019re looking for a great deal, be sure to take at look at our daily roundup of the best laptop deals for some low-cost gems. from the convertible form factor and 1080p webcam to the spectacular battery life and lovely oled display, the samsung galaxy book3 pro 360 really has it all. the laptop itself weighs 3.66 pounds, which is light enough to take with you from class to class. the display swings back 360 degrees, which is really nice, especially when you want to share notes with a fellow classmate. the 1080p webcam will make you look good during remote sessions and the 13.5 hours of battery life means you\u2019ll be able to keep working well into the evening hours. let\u2019s take a quick peek at the hardware inside. the galaxy book3 pro 360 comes equipped with an intel core i7-1360p cpu, intel iris xe integrated graphics, 16gb of ram, and 512gb of ssd storage. that\u2019s more than enough power for writing papers, watching youtube, working on collaborative class projects, and much more. the 16-inch amoled touch display features a resolution of 2880\u00d71800 and a refresh rate of 120hz. that means visuals should be both smooth and vibrant. overall, this is one killer laptop. if you\u2019re looking for a laptop with powerful hardware and plentiful features, then the galaxy book3 pro 360 is one to consider. if you regularly use google apps, you should consider picking up the acer chromebook spin 514, as it\u2019s a phenomenal productivity machine based on chromeos. the design is chic and durable, and processor performance is quite zippy. it\u2019s designed to handle most day-to-day tasks like checking email, working on documents, or using web-based apps. the keyboard and touchpad are a joy to use as well. according to our reviewer, the spin 514 has a \u201cwide keyboard layout with large, easily located keys.\u201d as for the hardware, it\u2019s got a decent amount of power for a chromebook. the spin 514 is packing an amd ryzen 5 5625c cpu, amd radeon graphics, 8gb of ram, and 128gb of ssd storage. the display, which folds back 360 degrees, has a resolution of 1920\u00d71080 and is touch-enabled. it\u2019s plenty sharp for general use. contrast and color performance are adequate, too. the $699.99 price tag is a little steep for a chromebook, but if you\u2019ve got the money to spend, then you won\u2019t be disappointed. with its affordable price point, decent performance, and robust build, the acer aspire 5 is a good budget option for students. while the color scheme is a little boring, the build is surprisingly rugged. our tester was surprised by its \u201csolid, durable feel.\u201d the keyboard is nice, too. it has a spacious layout, which is perfect for longer typing sessions. performance is fast enough for general-use tasks like writing emails and browsing the web, but that\u2019s about it. if you\u2019re shopping around for a solid everyday laptop that won\u2019t break the bank, the aspire 5 is definitely worth a look. read our full\u00a0acer aspire 5 review. when it comes to\u00a0gaming laptops, many, if not most, of them are pretty bulky and heavy, often tipping the scales at five or six pounds. well, that\u2019s not the case with the xpg xenia 15 kc. it weighs a little over four pounds, which is fairly lightweight for a gaming laptop. plus, it runs very quiet. according to our review, it \u201crarely makes noise under normal use.\u201d that\u2019s impressive, as most gaming laptops tend to sound like a rocket blasting off. if you\u2019re looking for something that\u2019s both quiet and portable, the xenia 15 kc is an excellent choice. suffice to say, it\u2019s up to task of all your productivity tasks as well. with the xpg xenia 15 you can follow up a hard day\u2019s work with a fun and rewarding gaming session. if you\u2019re a college student working with a modest budget, and you like the idea of a big screen to spread out on, the acer swift 3 is a fantastic option. it features an attractive 16-inch 1080p display, a solid chassis, and an satisfying keyboard and touchpad. however, battery life isn\u2019t great, so you\u2019ll want to keep the charger on hand. this is rather unfortunate, as the swift 3\u2019s slim profile makes it an agreeable laptop for travel. if you don\u2019t mind the lackluster battery life, this is a great laptop for watching movies and streaming video on, in addition to its more academic-oriented functions. the vero 514 is acer\u2019s latest from their eco-friendly line of chromebooks. the eco-conscious buyer can rest easier knowing the vero 514 is built from recycled materials, meaning you\u2019re reducing your carbon footprint. it also sports some pretty good hardware for the price too. from strong core i5 cpu performance to a surprisingly bright 1080p display, this chromebook has more to offer than just being environmentally friendly. all of these things and more make the vero 514 a great everyday laptop. its only real downside is that is has weak speakers, but that\u2019s not surprising as laptops aren\u2019t really known for their audio quality anyways. and while chromeos limits you to web-based apps and activities, that\u2019s true of any chromebook. these minor nitpicks don\u2019t take away from a well-performing chromebook that\u2019s both affordable and sustainable. why have one display when you could have two? the asus zenbook pro 14 takes the regular laptop display and doubles it. it comes with a 14.5-inch 4k touch oled main panel and a unique secondary 12.7-inch 2880\u00d7864 screen located above the keyboard. since the second display is recognized by windows as a second monitor you can use it to help boost productivity, such as using it as another trackpad or to display touch controls for apps. with a core i7 processor, rtx 3050 graphics, 16gb of ddr5 ram, and a 1tb nvme ssd, the zenbook pro 14 also comes with some solid hardware. all of these great features put a strain on the battery though, so you won\u2019t want to be without a backup power source. however, the zenbook pro 14 duo oled is basically a mid-range workstation complete with two high quality displays and enough punch to support you through all of your educational pursuits. the pcworld team puts each and every windows laptop through a series of benchmarks that test gpu and cpu performance, battery life, and so on. the idea is to push the laptop to its limits and then compare it against others we\u2019ve tested. chromebooks, on the other hand, go through a series of web-based tests. it wouldn\u2019t be fair or possible to run the same kinds of tests on a chromebook, as they\u2019re chrome os-based machines. below, you\u2019ll find a breakdown of each test and the reasons why we run them. the first thing to consider is budget. how much are you willing to spend on a laptop? if you\u2019re working with an inflexible budget, chromebooks are a good option. they\u2019re affordable and designed to handle everyday tasks like writing papers, working on spreadsheets, and so on. chromebook prices can range anywhere from $200 up to $1,000. if you want to spend a bit more, laptops with convertible touchscreens (otherwise known as 2-in-1s) offer a great deal of functionality. you can flip the screen around and use it like a tablet or prop it up like an easel for watching movies. if you\u2019ve got a jam-packed schedule, you\u2019ll probably be running from class to class with very little downtime in between. that\u2019s why we recommend a laptop with a long-lasting battery. we recommend something that\u2019ll last 7 to 10-plus hours on a single charge, unless you want a notebook that can play games on the side\u2014gaming laptops are notorious for their shorter endurance, even during everyday tasks. that 7 to 10 hours is a good figure if you plan on taking your laptop with you everywhere. things like navigating your e-mail or watching netflix will require more ram. we recommend springing for 8gb of ram or more. 4gb of ram is fine and good for web browsing and basic office work, but 8gb is better for having more tabs open and whatnot. plus, applications like google chrome and spotify tend to eat up a lot of ram. most people can get by with 4gb in a pinch if you\u2019re on a tight budget, but you won\u2019t be able to multitask as much. the final thing is a decent keyboard. in college, you\u2019re going to be spending a lot of time typing. depending on your personal preference, you may want either a full or short travel keyboard. mechanical keyboards, for example, normally have longer travel. this helps prevent accidental keystrokes. the keys also give a lot of tactile feedback, as they bounce back after they\u2019re pressed down. for more specifics regarding the hardware you want inside your laptop, be sure to check out our comprehensive guide on how to buy a budget laptop without getting screwed, as well as our broader cheatsheet on what to look for in a laptop cpu and gpu. simply put, no\u2014at least, not well. it comes down to what type of gaming you intend to do. chromebooks can run web games and android games perfectly well. but if you\u2019re looking to play the latest high-powered titles such as elden ring, a chromebook just won\u2019t cut it. this is mainly due to the fact that most titles only run on windows and chromebooks typically don\u2019t come with sufficient graphics power. all that said, google is trying to bring cloud gaming to its chromebooks. cloud gaming services work by using a remote pc or console to play games streamed through the cloud down onto the chromebook. however, until this service becomes more common, chromebooks are not good options for gaming. yes, recently the the latest integrated graphics processors from the likes of intel and amd can handle modern pc games at reasonable settings. for example, intel\u2019s latest iris xe line of processors with integrated graphics have been shown to run some of the latest releases at 1080p and 30fps. be careful, however, as not all integrated graphics are created equal. regarding gaming performance, intel and amd\u2019s integrated graphics have made huge leaps in recent years. so if you\u2019re on a budget or looking for an ultra-thin laptop and the only options include integrated graphics, fear not, you can still game on. for more information check out\u00a0intel\u2019s core 12th-gen iris xe versus amd\u2019s brand new ryzen 6000 rdna 2. this is mostly personal preference. students who bring their laptops to class or intend to travel a lot should consider a smaller, more portable size. anything in the neighborhood of 13 to 14 inches is recommended. however, if you want to use your laptop for gaming, then you should consider something in the 15- to 17-inch range. it\u2019s also important to keep in mind the weight of the laptop before buying it. ultra thin laptops can weigh a featherlight 2 pounds while hefty gaming rigs top the scales at three or four times that\u2014not exactly something you want to carry in a backpack everyday. digital magazine - subscribe. you can pry my lenovo thinkpad out of my cold dead hands /r/suggestalaptop   is the better community for this topic of conversation.  > for example, say you want to buy the dell inspiron 14. look at it on the dell website, then check for the laptop again on bestbuy and on amazon.  make sure the **seller** on amazon is an authorized dell reseller, or it may affect your warranty status.  > make budget-conscious decisions.  the dell & lenovo refurbished & warehouse deals are often the best bang for your bucks.  > just search up (whatever website/manufacturer) student deals on google and sign up.  **do not** purchase microsoft-office with a new laptop. your university will give it to you for free, or for way cheaper.  **do not** buy anti-virus with a new laptop. your university will give it to you for free, or for way cheaper.  > macs are the best option for almost every college student.   i do not agree.  a macbook is a well-made laptop that is very, very difficult to get service & support for, and very expensive for what you are receiving.  the m1 macbooks have a lot of complications if your major requires you to run virtual machines or windows software.  > a great combination for those with a little extra cash is to get an ipad to go with your mac.  i can buy a couple of (like 3 or 4) nice, valid windows devices for the cost of what you are suggesting, but to each their own.  > only buy a computer with ssd  i'll agree with that, wholeheartedly.  > 128gb is more than enough if you're only going to use the computer for school stuff.  i'd push everyone towards 256gb, but i'll agree that 128gb will work for most people.  > don't buy a 2-in-1 unless you really need to  agree, again wholeheartedly. i would strongly recommend 16gb ram and at least a 500gb ssd. this machine needs to last 4+ years, unless you\u2019re planning on buying a new one in the middle of school. my daughter bought an i7/16 gb/512gb five years ago, based on school recommendation. i can\u2019t imagine  buying less five years later.most importantly, buy the 4 year, on-site, next-day, etc. service plan. all of your homework is on this machine and you will need it for pretty much everything you do. my daughter dropped hers sophomore year and dell replaced the screen, lower shell, and a few internal pieces, within 48 hours. her roommate had to mail her laptop in for service and it took 3 weeks. yes, it\u2019s a bit pricey. but more yes, \u201cjust use the school\u2019s computer lab machines\u201c sucks.also - have cloud-based backup.&#x200b;fwiw, here\u2019s her school\u2019s current recommendation:>component minimum specifications recommended  >  >os\twindows 10  >  >processor\t(pc or mac) intel i5 or better (or amd ryzen)  >  >memory\t16 gb ram or better  >  >video card\tany  >  >hard drive\tat least 512 gb ssd or better  >  >optical drive\tnot required (only if/when you discover a need - usb)  >  >networking\twireless, (and get a wired ethernet adapter if needed)  >  >external ports\tat least one usb port  >  >note: we have recently downgraded macos to \"not recommended for use\"the mac issue is likely an engineering/cs problem. gaming laptops are good for cs majors because they can run complicated program at high speeds. i've had multiple engineering majors recommend a gaming laptop to me but they are more expensive. i have a dell inspiron rn and i love it. it was on the cheaper side for a laptop, it's touchscreen, and has met all my needs so far including running eclipse as a java ide. i plan on buying a nicer computer for college since i'm a cs major but if you don't anticipate needing a laptop for much more than what you needed in high school, the inspiron is really good. i\u2019ve been in the pc building/hardware world as a hobbyist for almost a decade at this point, and there\u2019s some really great info here, but other things that are fundamentally flawed and that i\u2019d to point out.i own a m1 mac, it\u2019s awesome. i charge it like once a week and the thing is an absolute rockstar. but to say that it\u2019s the best computer for almost any college student is misguided. while compatibility is growing, there are a lot of programs that simply do not work on the arm architecture just yet. while this doesn\u2019t matter to most consumers, it will matter to a lot of college students who need program flexibility as their top requirement. this is orders of magnitude truer for chromebooks.128gb is also definitely not enough nowadays for storage. a typical fresh windows install takes up around 15gb, but will easily grow to 25gb or more over time. this is already a large portion of a 128gb ssd. ssds also slow down as you utilize more than 50% of the space, and dramatically slowdown as you utilize more than 70% of space. so getting a small ssd dooms you in this regard. ssds also have something called terabyte write(tbw) endurance, which is a measure of how many terabytes of data can be written to ssds before they are no longer covered by warranty or are highly suspect to failure. tbw endurance on small drives is incredibly, incredibly low, so this is a great reason to get a bigger drive. and if you\u2019re using a pc with one drive, all of your data is being written to this drive and wearing it down at a much quicker rate.also massively disagree on the 2-in-1 argument. some are trash, but that can be said about any computer. the microsoft surface line is amazing. my surface pro nails everything i need from a tablet, while also killing it as a typical laptop. i\u2019ve used it for everything from basic word processing, to microsoft access, to python, c++, r, and more. all the while having a pen that i can physically write with. it\u2019s an absolute joy to load my pdfs on onenote and write electronically using the same laptop i can code with.also disagree with the keeping gaming computer separate. this was a big deal before, because of a multitude of reasons like gaming laptops being huge, power-hungry, and because laptop gpus are weak, but this is much, much less of a concern now. gaming laptops got smaller, components became much more efficient, most laptops have igpu and dgpu solutions to save on power when the dgpu is not needed, and nvidia dlss 2.0 is such a great tool that a mobile rtx 3000 card will be relevant for years even in aaa games. general tip: laptop-tablet hybrids are gimmicks and don't last long. avoid them.the m1 macbook air is the best option for college students right now. by far. if you can afford it, consider getting the ipad air with the pencil for taking notes and carrying all your textbooks digitally. i agree with both what op said and what the comments have said, but here's my advice:for the mac problem - check in with your university, or try to do some research to see if there are any platform specific features that you may need. but the m1 macbook air is hands down the best value you can get at that price point. before this was definitely not the case, but ever since apple switched to their own chips they're playing a whole different ball game.regarding gaming laptops - i wouldn't say write them off completely. while there are still the traditional, chonky, 2 hour or less battery life gaming laptops out there, there has also been a rise in more thin and light gaming laptops that get pretty good performance and battery life (for a gaming laptop at least - compared to a traditional thin and light laptop it won't have as good battery however). my recommendation if you want a gaming laptop for college would be the zephyrus g14/15 - they have good build quality, performance, and battery life.finally, regarding 2-in-1s: they aren't bad, per se, but in my opinion they don't have as much value compared to traditional laptops. for example, i see that the core i5, 8 gb ram, 128 gb ssd storage surface pro 8 costs pretty much $1100 **without a keyboard**. granted, the keyboard is about a $100 more at the time of writing, but that gets you to $1200 for a base model config with an unusable amount of storage. you are paying a hefty premium here for mediocre specs which honestly should not be an option in 2022. the surface laptop studio is even more overpriced, costing $1600 for an outdated processor with 16 gb of ram and 256 gb of storage. they aren't bad devices, but simply aren't worth the money. if you are going to be typing a lot of essays, i would recommend looking for a laptop that can handle google docs or microsoft word and won't crash after loading 5-10 pages.&#x200b;also, avoid going for gaming laptops unless you see yourself using gpu accelerated software. i know some stem majors (more specifically those in engineering) use this. the battery life tends to be very poor and the laptop can overheat. if you plan on gaming, you might want to look into building a rig and using a laptop for school work. so, i bought a decent 850$ windows gaming laptop last year which runs butter smooth and does everything i want, however its 2.2kgs (\\~5 pounds?) and has a shitty battery life (like 3-4 hours max). clearly, the battery life would not be ideal for carrying it around campus (even if i get the battery changed), so should i buy a tablet with pen support for notetaking or should i buy another light refurbished laptop for classes, and if so, which one? or should i just let it be and just try out a sem with my current laptop and see how things go?im on a budget (like 850-1000$ would be the high end of what i'm willing to spend). laptops for college students reddit * apple macbook air * asus vivobook s15 (s533)* lenovo ideapad flex 5 14* hp envy x360 13 (2021)* lenovo chromebook duet* microsoft surface pro 7* msi bravo 15* acer swift 5 (14-inch)* asus zenbook 13 (ux325ea)* microsoft surface laptop go&#x200b;[best for macbook users seeking the best value](https://momydady.com/teenage/best-affordable-laptop/)**apple macbook air** $999.99 the m1-equipped macbook air now packs far better performance than its predecessors, rivaling at times the m1-based macbook pro. at $999, it\u2019s the best value among macos laptops.&#x200b;[asus vivobook s15 (s533)](https://momydady.com/teenage/best-affordable-laptop/)$1,865.99 the asus vivobook s15 is not only an excellent value for the price, but an excellent laptop all around. we found lots to love about this sleek, affordable notebook for everyday users.[lenovo ideapad flex 5 14](https://momydady.com/teenage/best-affordable-laptop/)$589.99 thanks to a brand-new amd ryzen processor, lenovo's ideapad flex 5 14 offers an extraordinary blend of performance and value for money, making it one of the best popularly priced 2-in-1 convertibles we've tested**best for schlepping around campus, screen sharing**[hp envy x360 13 (2021)](https://momydady.com/teenage/best-affordable-laptop/)$789.99 this ryzen-powered version of hp's classy envy x360 13 offers fast performance, a slick chassis, nifty features, and a palatable price. it's an excellent midrange 2-in-1 convertible laptop.**best for dollar-strapped students on the go****lenovo chromebook duet**$279.99 budget-strapped consumers and students with light computing needs will be captivated by lenovo's chromebook duet, a detachable 2-in-1 that tops better-known 2-in-1 tablets on value.**best for pen-centric note takers, presenters****microsoft surface pro 7**$749.99 the surface pro 7 is another solid iteration of microsoft's flagship windows-tablet 2-in-1, elevated this time by worthy upgrades in the form of a usb-c port and peppy ice lake cpus.[best for gamers on a budget](https://techbylight.com/gaming-laptop-deals/)**msi bravo 15**$899.99 msi's all-amd bravo 15 is a value-focused gaming notebook that, thanks to a ryzen 4000 series processor, delivers admirable 1080p frame rates and features for the money.**best for extreme weight savings on a budget****acer swift 5 (14-inch)**$980.00 the latest acer swift 5 is an impressive 14-inch ultraportable that gives you ample power for a low $999.99. it's a solid option if you don't need workstation- or gaming-class performance or mil-std rugged construction.**best for affordable cutting-edge performance**[asus zenbook 13 (ux325ea)](https://momydady.com/teenage/best-affordable-laptop/)$999.00 the asus zenbook 13, now with intel\u2019s 11th generation \"tiger lake\" processors, continues to be an affordable option for seekers of a powerful ultraportable.best for budget-friendly futuristic windows featuresmicrosoft surface laptop go$748.90 for more details:  [laptop | tech by light](https://techbylight.com/?s=laptop)  best laptop under $1000 2021. **these are the best budget laptops** * **asus vivobook s15** (s533) 4 out of 5 overall. great horsepower to price ratio. ...* **dell inspiron 14 5000 2-in-1 laptop**. 3.5 out of 5 overall. cpu delivers great performance. ...* **acer spin 1 sp111**\\-33-c5hl. 4 out of 5 overall. ...* kogan atlas 2-in-1 d500 laptop. 3 out of 5 overall. xps 13 for sure currently, the [best laptops for college students](https://www.onepcpanda.com/2021/06/best-laptops-for-college-student-2021.html) are:  * macbook air (m1, late 2020)* hp envy 13 (2021)* microsoft surface pro 7* hp chromebook x360 14c* lenovo ideapad flex 5 14\" i would probably recommend gaming laptops in general. they are inexpensive, even the entry-level models have the power to outperform many work-focused laptops.&#x200b;|[dell xps 13 9310 \\[ xps 9570 \\]](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#1_dell_xps_13_9310_xps_9570) ||:-||[msi gv62 8rd](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#2_msi_gv62_8rd)||[hp pavilion](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#3_hp_pavilion)||[dell g 5 15](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#4_dell_g_5_15)||[acer predator helios 300](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#5_acer_predator_helios_300)||[razer blade](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#7_razer_blade)||[lenovo yoga 7i](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#8_lenovo_yoga_7i) (touch screen)|whether you're doing tasks, storing data, coding or preparing spreadsheets, a laptop is necessary for a science student. in addition, certain software, such as matlab, visual studio, eclipse, etc., must be operated by computer students. with a wide variety of options available, a buyer may be hesitant when choosing a laptop.    various factors affect purchasing power such as specifications, review, price, laptop ratings, etc. therefore, for a suitable choice, the buyer must keep in mind the basic specifications and check if they meet his requirements.display: 13 inches    ram: 8gb / 16gb    storage: 256gb    processor: intel core i5 and i7 and amd ryzen 5 and 7    weight: 3-3.5 lbs    battery: 7 to 8 hours    os: windows 10[dell xps 13 9310 \\[ xps 9570 \\]](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#1_dell_xps_13_9310_xps_9570)  and [hp pavilion](https://mashtos.com/best-laptop-for-computer-science-students/#3_hp_pavilion) are my top recommendation. if your parents have a 529 plan, laptops for college is an expense that they will reimburse i heard the apple silicon macs are really good m1 macs are actually very very good for cs and machine learning. ofc it may not be the best specs to price ratio, but if your not in a budget and want something to last all of college, then the mac is  the place to go advice for cs:am cs major; recommend mac.trust me, you want to work on a unix filesystem (which is basically linux or mac but not windows)m1 is ok but support is still lacking with some (e.g. docker)otherwise, the arm chips are very good for efficiency and battery life. if you\u2019re doing ml, just rent a gpu from aws. it\u2019ll be cheaper than getting your own laptop plus insanely more powerful.trust me, i switched to mac and have not regretted it. (zsh without having to use wsl\ud83e\udd75\ud83e\udd75)also my profs recommend mac if that says anythingif you have questions lmk but don\u2019t give me any of that \u201ci always use windows and therefore i must preach to others that windows is better, despite never having used os x or not even being a cs major\u201d i\u2019m a nursing major and i got a mac and an ipad, what i love is you can sync your ipad onto your mac and have 2 screens, ipad is definitely great for taking notes and my mac is fast and reliable, i also only have apple products so it\u2019s more useful and logical for me to have the mac than a windows etc has anyone used the m1 mac for machine learning stuff in college? i saw a few articles on how it was a really powerful machine for the same. i'm more used to a mac because i've been using it since 2016, but i'm unsure as to whether i should consider buying a m1 mac or a windows laptop, cause i've heard some stories on how using a mac for cs in college is a pain do not buy a surface pro. period. maybe if you\u2019re an art student. i\u2019m not a college student but i\u2019ve had one for roughly 3 years, and the battery went from great to only lasting 3-4 hours. and once it\u2019s time to change the battery, you can\u2019t. it\u2019s glued in so it\u2019s basically impossible. i only got my money back from it by doing commissions but i wouldn\u2019t recommend it for college edit: also it only has one usb port and one sd card reader m1 mac is a gamechanger tho. it's apples own chipset, so it's at iphone / ipad levels of efficiency now. i would get it if i didn't already have a windows laptop that still functions perfectly if you're gonna be working with embedded electronics, look for at least one usb a (the old rectangle one) ports. i've had a bad time with some hardware that won't run on a usb hub, or a usb c to a adapter.also, if you're in cs/software related stuff, see if your machine supports dual-boot so that you can potentially run some linux distribution alongside windows if your courses require it. if you're a linux user...well, no problems!a good battery will also be very helpful. you don't want to be lugging a power cord all over campus really? according to my friend who owns a mac and is in college they are terrible. a majority of the programs needed for her college have to have special instructions for mac users because the normal ones won\u2019t work at all. i have a razer, a macbook, a surface pro, and a gaming desktop. macbook is my favorite for casual use by far. desktop is unrivaled for productivity. my surface pro is an absolute monster and is my go-to for portable casual or productivity, plus it\u2019s a tablet when i tear the keyboard off and a drawing pad with my surface pen. my surface pro literally, and i do mean this quite literally, changed the way i learned, took notes, and tackled my work. it\u2019s not even fucking close imo. get one of those laptops that you can write on, or just get the macbook pro + ipad pro combo. gigabyte aero. as an engineering student, i will need to be able to do cad, otherwise i would get a mac. i\u2019m in college and have a macbook air. i like it a lot and it does everything i need. you should probably look into the requirements for the colleges in your list and your major. if u already have apple products (iphone, ipad, apple watch, etc), get a macbook. having an apple ecosystem really saves time esp when it comes to transferring data as compared to a windows-apple combo i\u2019m doing m1 pro macbook pro + ipad air & apple pencil + windows tower to remote in to for engineering software i\u2019m a windows person and i currently have a dell xps 13 that i\u2019ll take with me to college! i have a macbook air, and it\u2019s the computer that most people have in college that i\u2019ve seen. you should check with what you might need for your major though. i'm getting an hp spectre x360. they're prettier than macbooks (imo) and cheaper, more powerful, plus they run windows instead of mac os. plus you can get touch models with a pen. lookin at the m1 macbook air or base m1 macbook pro hey,your requirements are not very demanding i'm sure we can find a reliable laptop to check everything.here you can see some options: [**search engine**](https://noteb.com/?search/search.php?advsearch=1&regions%5b%5d=united%20states&bdgminadv=494&bdgmaxadv=898&exchadv=usd&family_fam%5b%5d=all%20business%20families&nrcoresmin=4&nrcoresmax=8&cputdpmin=2&cputdpmax=95&cpufreqmin=1&cpufreqmax=5&cputechmin=10&cputechmax=28&launchdatemin=2015&launchdatemax=2019&gputype=2&gpumemmin=64&gpumemmax=16384&gpubusmin=64&gpubusmax=2048&gpulaunchdatemin=2013&gpulaunchdatemax=2019&gpupowermin=10&gpupowermax=300&displaymin=15&displaymax=16.1&verresmin=1080&verresmax=2400&display_msc_id%5b%5d=led%20ips&display_msc_id%5b%5d=led%20ips%20pentile&display_msc_id%5b%5d=led%20tn%20wva&display_msc_id%5b%5d=oled&capacitymin=180&capacitymax=8192&nrhdd=1&typehdd%5b%5d=ssd&mdbslots=0&mdbwwan=0&rammin=8&rammax=128&freqmin=1333&freqmax=3733&batlifemin=7.3&batlifemax=18.5&acumcapmin=25&acumcapmax=102&weightmin=0.4&weightmax=5.6&thicmin=6.9&thicmax=68.9&widthmin=208&widthmax=434.9&depthmin=173&depthmax=420&webmin=0&webmax=8&chassis_stuff_id%5b%5d=backlit%20keyboard&wnetspeed=150&oddtype=any%2fnone&opsist%5b%5d=windows%2010%20home&opsist%5b%5d=windows%2010%20pro&opsist%5b%5d=windows%2010%20s&opsist%5b%5d=macos%2010.14&opsist%5b%5d=chrome%20os%201&yearsmin=1&yearsmax=3&sort_by=value&ref=starchaser) i have searched only for business-grade laptops that have a quad-core processor, full hd led ips display, ssd, at least 8 gb ram, and a backlit keyboard.you can see and change the search parameters using the \"refine results\" button in the upper-left part of the search results page. you can also click on the laptops for more information.this one: [**lenovo thinkpad e590**](https://noteb.com/?model/model.php?conf=5326276220294488477_2517&ex=usd&ref=starchaser) is currently on sale on their official site and for 750$ you're getting a quad-core whiskey lake processor, 256 pcie ssd, 8 gb ram - 2 memory slots (so you can add another stick later if you desire), full hd led ips display and a backlit chiclet keyboard. this laptop has ~8h battery life, an excellent peripheral port selection: 1 x usb-c 3.1, 2 x usb 3.1, 1 x usb 2.0, 1 x lan, microsd card reader and decent upgrade options: you can also add an hdd if you need more storage.hope i helped! i would recommend this [acer aspire 5](https://www.amazon.com/dp/b07rf2123z/?tag=bkadamos_alltest-20) because of the following: *  it over great value for money since it comes with 8 gb ram and 256gb ssd and both are somewhat standards in 600 range so finding them on 500~ range is somewhat a catch.* slim, sleek high-quality case and the aluminum lid gives the aspire a premium look.* you can actually rotate the lid back a little beyond 180 degrees, meaning you can lay the laptop completely flat with the lid open.* it is lightweight for its size at 3.97 lbs * comes with backlit keyboard, you also get a dedicated numeric keypad with a somewhat narrow design.* battery life advertised up to 7.5-hours battery life like you want. * comes with a range of ports, including hdmi, usb 3.1 & usb 2.0. * you can upgrade ssd and ram up to 20gb according to thishttps://www.crucial.com/usa/en/compatible-upgrade-for/acer/aspire-a515-54-51djif you want to check similar option make sure to check [my list of the best general use laptops](https://old.reddit.com/r/suggestalaptop/comments/c9661a/list_of_the_best_available_laptops_for_gaming_and) msi katana gf66 is my one and aggressive price for the component mix. and also loving one is ips panel. everything promised, its light fast and good looking. a bit expensive but worth every penny. i only wish google would make something that truly rivals a real laptop, they are close with this machine , but still not quite there if you\u2019re looking for the best gaming experience and to become pro in gaming development , then there\u2019s only one choice is msi i have experience with dell xps 13 7390 concerned that clock speeds would drop so low, the laptop would lose against comparable cpus this is honor review on google pixel go. the keyboard feels great. the trackpad is very responsive and works well. the click of the trackpad is a little on the loud side for my taste-- i wish it had been haptic feedback similar to the macbook pro. now i am using google pixelbook go it is fast. it is incredibly thin. the build quality is fantastic. the finish is great. this is a great chromebook. it is a pleasure to use. if i could complain about anything, it would be the dearth of usb ports and the tiny. what about the lenovo ideapd flex 5 i5 1235u? how is the performance of dell? longevity wise the macbook hands down, i have a 2012 macbook pro that\u2019s still going strong today. if you need windows of your options i would pick the aspire. also consider that mac released an m1 variant of the macbook pro that should have quite a bit more horsepower over the air. all of them will. windows does offer better software compatibility, but sheer performance wise i would go for the m1 mba. mech engineering cad apps tend to behave like ass on macos- especially solidworks but if that isnt a concern, i would go for the m1 mba. personally, i would go with a laptop that has the best serviceability, because components do fail, and batteries will wear down over time regardless of who the manufacturer is. plus, your needs for more storage and memory would likely change/ increase given a 6 year use.perhaps the framework laptops is what you could consider? the m1 will easily last 6 years, and up to 10, based on previous generations. i am not sure it will run all of those programs but it does run office software good. as much as i love windows the macbook is amazing speaking from that is my current laptop my school has given me biggest problem is the screen it\u2019s really fragile i'd also like to know which of your options people think would last. i have my eye set on the aspire (i'm on a very slim budget) so any insights to it's durability would be appreciated. acer is always a terrible choice, if there's no issues with an acer, then there will be.if you need ms office, go with a windows laptop. it will integrate better than on a mac. not saying mac is bad, and if you don't mind the extra hassle, that's okay.for programming on the other hand, mac is great. unix-based and zsh is an absolute +2 over windows laptops. i personally don't support the idea of wsl, because it hurts the linux desktop industry. at best it's microsofts terrible attempt at showing \"yo look we cool with linux n all\". i was gonna type out why it might not work for programming, but i forgot about rosetta 2 so as long as you're not compiling gigabyte-big code projects it should be perfectly fine. most languages will run just fine :). the only issue with macs, is that they're unrepairable. high schoolers and (especially) college students might not have the money for a repair, which sucks.i don't have any experience myself with huawei's notebooks, so i can't say if it's per se better than the asus one.asus makes some cool laptops though, but sadly, i haven't seen many people who say \"yeah i have had this laptop since 2015\", so i can't advice it if you want to use it for 5+ years. i don't advice against it.i myself use a lenovo ideapad 530s-14ikb, has so far lasted me nearly 2 years and is still going strong, and i bought it second-hand/refurbished for 450 euro. (specs: i7 7th or 8th gen?, 16gb ram, 512gb nvme ssd, also, only igpu). lenovo makes very solid laptops, and if i had the money and need for a new one, i'd personally go for a lenovo again any day.my conclusion is that the m1 macbook air is probably your best option if you can afford repairs, it's a solid device wth outstanding power, especially for an arm-based device, the battery will last you quite a while aswell. if you don't have money, go for the asus or the huawei, they're probably not too far apart in terms of durability, and i can't seem to find a lot of common issues on them. ok, all above are simply bad, and if your budget is limited to $1070, i suppose:[https://www.bestbuy.com/site/acer-predator-triton-300-se-14-144hz-laptop-intel-11th-gen-i7-nvidia-geforce-rtx-3050ti-16gb-ddr4-512gb-ssd/6462533.p?skuid=6462533](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/acer-predator-triton-300-se-14-144hz-laptop-intel-11th-gen-i7-nvidia-geforce-rtx-3050ti-16gb-ddr4-512gb-ssd/6462533.p?skuid=6462533)[https://www.bestbuy.com/site/asus-tuf-gaming-17-3-laptop-intel-core-i5-8gb-memory-nvidia-geforce-rtx3050-ti-512gb-ssd-eclipse-grey/6464212.p?skuid=6464212](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/asus-tuf-gaming-17-3-laptop-intel-core-i5-8gb-memory-nvidia-geforce-rtx3050-ti-512gb-ssd-eclipse-grey/6464212.p?skuid=6464212)[https://www.bestbuy.com/site/asus-rog-zephyrus-g14-14-laptop-amd-ryzen-7-8gb-memory-nvidia-geforce-gtx-1650-512gb-ssd-eclipse-gray/6403425.p?skuid=6403425](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/asus-rog-zephyrus-g14-14-laptop-amd-ryzen-7-8gb-memory-nvidia-geforce-gtx-1650-512gb-ssd-eclipse-gray/6403425.p?skuid=6403425)[https://www.bestbuy.com/site/lenovo-ideapad-gaming-3i-15-laptop-intel-core-i5-11300h-nvidia-geforce-gtx-1650-8gb-memory-512gb-ssd-shadow-black/6481524.p?skuid=6481524](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/lenovo-ideapad-gaming-3i-15-laptop-intel-core-i5-11300h-nvidia-geforce-gtx-1650-8gb-memory-512gb-ssd-shadow-black/6481524.p?skuid=6481524)as for school in general means a home pc. so if you literally mean just for school, and you have good home pc, then buy the cheapest possible. if you buy a new pc, then buy a versatile pc capable for multitasking and upgradable.never buy mac for home pc, mac is a good option if it is used professionally, and that cheapest mac is a bad option. mac is a workstation, so completely different purpose. does it have to be one of those options, if not, then we need more information in order to be able to help, for example,  which country are you going to buy from and is battery life or screen quality a concern? and what\u2019s your budget? hithe macbook air is the most interesting from a price/performance standpoint.(gpu wise and screen will outperform the other in your list for a small premium in price)on the windows side there's  also the ideapad pro 14 inch , it has a ryzen 5 5600u 6c/12t , the igpu is weaker than the m1 but gets the job done even for cad use / photoshop , build quality is top notch aluminium and screen is 2,8k ips 100%srgb 90 hz , price should be cheaper than the windows listed  : [https://www.lenovo.com/ph/en/laptops/ideapad/s-series/ideapad-5-pro-14acn6/p/88ips501621](https://www.lenovo.com/ph/en/laptops/ideapad/s-series/ideapad-5-pro-14acn6/p/88ips501621)the windows should offer 16gb for a small price as well, but if the prices are close in your country go for apple you'll get more battery and peace of mind  regarding build quality defects and longevity i think it depends on your areas of interest. as an engineering student, i know that macs are \\*kind\\* of frowned upon (but i still have plenty of friends who do have macs), so i have a dell laptop that i love. i think that the integration of the whole apple system is definitely very appealing if you do have an iphone though. it\u2019s on the expensive side but i got a dell xps 13 and it slaps haven\u2019t used it for that many academic purposes yet but it runs really well for gaming and it\u2019s incredibly lightweight a mac would also be good for anything except engineering (don\u2019t get a mac if you\u2019re going into engineering) there's no one answer. but some things to consider:* size/portability* screen quality/size* replacement cost/ perceived value to theives* durability/dropability* software for your major* gaming/entertainment potential&#x200b;i personally found value in a few-years old \"beater\" laptop running windows and linux to take around campus and then a gaming rig kept in my bedroom also running both -- total cost for both being less than a macbook pro at the time -- but that was kind of an overkill configuration even for my programming classes. i love my macbook for college: macbook air/macbook pro.why macbook?-1. long lasting battery.2. convenient to carry around.3. syncs with your iphone.why not windows?-1. batteries usually aren\u2019t as good.2. not as durable. asus vivobook 16x it has a fat battery and is nice abd light +the screen is a nice oled one any competent i7/16gb/512gb should work. many students find a 14\u201c screen to be the right compromise between usable screen size and weight of something you will constantly be carrying.a mac is an option, but check your school, especially for stem majors. my daughter\u2019s school explicitly recommends against a mac for engineering.i always advise a service contract. my daughter had her broken screen replaced in 3 days based on the on-site extended service contract. yes, a bit pricey, but her friend who waited 3 weeks for repair by mail would,have gladly paid it retroactively.fwiw, my daughter\u2019s 14\u201c lenovo yoga 7i (newly released, 12th gen intel) recently arrived, after much research. dell was a close second. my older daughter got through 4 years of engineering with a similarly equipped dell.always check with your school for specific requirements. those who want to game, and will accept the added weight for a discrete graphics card or larger screen, have different results. total budget (in local currency) and country of purchase. please do not use usd unless purchasing in the us:  $900 or less  are you open to refurbs/used?  not unless it\u2019s very well maintained.  * **how would you prioritize form factor (ultrabook, 2-in-1, etc.), build quality, performance, and battery life?**  1. performance 2. build quality 3. battery  * **how important is weight and thinness to you?**  i don\u2019t mind it too much, but i would prefer something on the lighter side so i can take it around with me  * **do you have a preferred screen size? if indifferent, put n/a.**   something on the bigger side so i don\u2019t have to squint.  * **are you doing any cad/video editing/photo editing/gaming? list which programs/games you desire to run.**   none! wouldn\u2019t mind it to be able to run steam * **if you're gaming, do you have certain games you want to play? at what settings and fps do you want?**  not for gaming, more so for classes and school  * **any specific requirements such as good keyboard, reliable build quality, touch-screen, finger-print reader, optical drive or good input devices (keyboard/touchpad)?**   everything besides it running well is a bonus! i wouldn\u2019t mind touch screen though! good choice, if you want to stick with a 13\" screen. however, if you moved up to a 14\" screen, you could get a much cheaper and better-performing laptop like this:https://www.amazon.com/lenovo-ideapad-processor-graphics-82kt00amus/dp/b08ykdywk5/ref=mp_s_a_1_9?dchild=1&keywords=ryzen+5+5600u&qid=1632112813&sr=8-9 are you going to do any video editing, gaming, or cad? here are the [best laptop under 45000](https://geekrepublics.com/best-laptops-under-45000-india/) but if your budget is good enough then here are the list of [best gaming laptop under 90000](https://geekrepublics.com/best-gaming-laptops-under-90000/). gaming laptop are top in their performance. [music] the best laptops for college students are powerful enough to let you tackle all your college projects with enough portability and power capacity to get you through a full day of classes whether you're going back to school in person or attending classes remotely having the right laptop is very important in this video i am going to show you 10 amazing or top 10 college students laptops that you can consider to buy so do watch the video till the end and do let me know in the comment section which laptop did you like the most please hit the like button do share this video among your friends and subscribe our channel if you have inequities related to buying a new laptop you can ask me on instagram link is given in the description you can message me there and i will reply you back lenovo 283 the best chrome tablet for students if your college work can be handled with a chromebook the lenovo 203 is a great chrome tablet that can be yours for as low as 350 dollars or under 30 000 indian rupees this is effectively a bigger more expensive follow-up to the chromebook duet lenovo released in 2020 and it's a surprisingly capable and inexpensive chrome tablet you will also love the original duet for its great battery life solid performance and decent packed in keyboard cover all of which you could be had for roughly around 250 but lenovo's new to it 3 will cost a bit more but it also delivers a bigger brighter display more ports and added power of a beefier qualcomm snapdragon 7c generation 2 chip it's one of the best chrome tablets you can buy consider this tablet for its bright sharp display 10 plus hours of battery life packed in keyboard cover which is very decent surprisingly loud for a chromebook tablet links are given in the description for various countries you can check the price and availability in your country and buy it from there microsoft surface laptop 5 the best laptop for productivity minded story the service laptop file is not a bad device the spacious keyboard and tall screen are great for getting work done and the fact that microsoft improved the brightness this time around makes the service laptop 5 more usable outdoors than its predecessor the newly added thunderbolt 4 support is also a welcome feature especially if you like to use external displays and the upgrade to a 12 gen intel cpu delivers clear improvements in performance benchmarks by this amazing laptop for spacious comfy keyboard good speakers three step two display great for productivity and finally you will get thunderbolt 4 support lenovo thinkpad x1 nano the best ultra portable laptop for students if you absolutely positively need the lightest laptop possible for going back to school the lenovo thinkpad x1 nano is a great choice this welted two pound laptop will be easily to carry and should last you through a full day at school it will give you a batch life of up to 12 hours as claimed by the company which puts it up there against some of the very best laptops on the market today and that's quite impressive when you remember that the 2.9 pounds xps 13 is almost a whole pound heavier by this amazing laptop for its great battery life very lightweight and slim foam factor and it's beautiful and immersive 2k display that is also an anti-glade display acer aspire 5 the best cheap windows laptop for students the acer aspire 5 is one of the best options for students on a tight budget thanks to it being one of the cheapest laptop running windows 11 that means you are paying near chromebook prices for a windows laptop but for the college students who don't do some advanced work or advanced development work like 3d designing or install heavy application this one is the best one there are few setbacks that come with a laptop at this price such as the inclusion of a brand specific charger over the more common usb type-c and it's certainly not the most stylish device on the market by this amazing laptop for its very affordable windows 11 laptop in the market good selection of ports and decent 1080p screen dell g15 the best gaming laptop for students that lg 15 might be a gaming laptop but that makes it pretty well equipped to deal with students everyday needs from playing video games during breaks or after homework is completed to then utilizing all the draw power to run demanding applications or software in the classroom or in the room it's also a surprisingly affordable for gaming laptop it's not the most powerful model on the market but it doesn't need to be as it comes equipped with the latest 12th generation intel processor and up to 32gb of ram and you will get the graphics option also you won't be able to configure it with any of the flagship graphics cards but you would be surprised just how capable the rtx 3060 model is at running aaa games and demanding creative software by this amazing gaming laptop for its very affordable price and anti-glare full hd led display foreign the best laptop for students under budget with a long lasting battery life the acer swift 3 is going to be an ideal choice if you want something that sits between the macbook air and a chromebook in budget style and power it won't be winning many beauty contests but this laptop is perfect for students who need an economic device to get online and run windows application and also get the long lasting battery life budget friendly doesn't mean underpowered either as there are plenty of configurable options available for you to select from this laptop also comes with up to beefier intel core i7 12 generation cpu it's fairly spartan in the regards to features but it's thin and lightweight design makes it well suited to throwing it into a bag and carrying around school or college all day by this amazing laptop for its long lasting battery life highly portable and it is also an excellent multitasker coming at a affordable price macbook pro 14 with the m1 pro processor the best laptop for apple laptop loving college students the macbook pro 14 combines a little bit of old with a whole lot of new for tantalizing product that macbook fans have been waiting for years especially content creators and consumers for the average students this is a massive overkill but if you need this kind of performance and either prefer or require macos software it's hard to beat the notebook design is lightweight and sleek with a plenty of room for a full hdmi and sdxc card reader and the m1 pro chip brings even more power battling some of the intel and amd's heavy weights and winning handily plus it's serving up to 14 hours of battery life with a formidable quick charge a show stopping display and a super comfortable keyboard and excellent audio system by this amazing laptop for its sleek and design plenty of ports excellent perform performance stellar battery life and stunning display hp specter x360 13.5 latest model the best two in one laptop for college students the specter x360 13.5 once again earns the best title of its best two in one laptop for students or for business professionals or for anyone in the two in one category no laptop beats this laptop it's come with the stunning design productivity boosting three to two aspect ratio or later screen and outstanding performance which is tough to beat add to that a generously sized touchpad that is silky to touch as well as comfortable keyboard it also comes with excellent security options and a good selection of ports and well it's easy to see why we like this laptop so much by this amazing laptop for its turning three to two aspect ratio oled touchscreen elegant sturdy design excellent performance and all day battery life dell xps 15 the best 15-inch laptop for college students productivity multimedia and even a bit of gaming that alex space 15 can do it all and do it well the xbox 15 offers an attractive slim design that's posting with power while that might seem minor the four border infinitiates display is amazing and immersive and comes with the highest resolution display on the market and now it comes with the courteous oled technology for those who don't need the longest battery life and if that doesn't impress you check under the hood and you will be finding the 12th generation intel core i9 processor that is up to ion processor you can buy this laptop and it all and it also comes with a great graphics card which is nvidia geforce rtx 3050tf by this amazing laptop for its breathtaking 3.5k oled display supercharged performance slim premium chassis massive touchpad and spacious keyboard samsung galaxy book 2 pro 360 overall the best laptop for students that comes with a thin and lightweight design powerful processor big 15.6 inch display which is a tuscan display convertible form factor and great build quality and immersive display everything in a single laptop and also comes at affordable price the samsung galaxy book 2 pro is an amazing laptop for engineering students that makes it a fantastic match for college students the 15.6 inch ml display in a 3.1 pound laptop remains remarkable while delivering a two in one form factor that makes it a dream laptop for college students not only that it is more than doubles the quench performance of its predecessor meaning that unless you have incredibly demanding needs this vanishingly thin laptop has more power than you will likely ever need also the included sponges adds to the compelling package allowing you to easily take handwritten notes when necessary or sketch if you are in a creative area of study by this amazing laptop for its turning portable design strong performance vivid and bright super amoled display long lasting battery life and sven included so these are the top 10 best laptop for college students that you can consider to buy if you like the video please hit the like button do share this video among your friends don't forget to hit that like button subscribe our channel thanks for watching take care bye  i researched and tested some of the best laptops for college in order to find the best one and by the end of this video you'll know exactly what the perfect laptop for college is for you like the apple macbook air which is a portable laptop that offers impressive battery life a stunning screen and ample processing power and is my choice as the best laptop for college for most students in 2023. the only problem is that the apple macbook air isn't perfect for everyone and if you don't know some specific things to look for you could end up with a laptop that won't work well for you which is why i've made sure to include options for all types of people and all the information you'll need to know to find the perfect product so regardless of what you intend on using it for i'll have the best college laptop for you i'll also have links to the best and most up-to-date prices on all the products i mentioned in this video in the description the apple macbook air m2 is a lightweight and portable laptop that features a vibrant display with immersive picture quality a long lasting battery and powerful internal components that can handle just about anything you could need it has a similar design as the previous model and comes with apple's signature sturdy aluminum outer chassis but it has a 20 smaller and lighter build for increased portability on the sides it offers two usbc ports with thunderbolt 4 support to deliver faster throughput speeds though the port selection is a bit limited and can only support a single external monitor it also has a 13.6 inch screen with a stunning 2560 by 1664 resolution that produces a crisp sharp picture with excellent color accuracy which makes it a great choice for creative programs along with true tone technology to optimize the color temperatures and help reduce eye fatigue it offers 8 gigabytes of ram and an updated m2 processor chip that delivers comparable performance to higher end models such as the macbook pro m2 i'll mention later so it can easily handle anything from everyday tasks like streaming to more demanding workloads despite its impressive amount of power and stunning screen it has excellent battery life and can reliably last for up to 18 hours of run time to last through lectures or long study sessions in addition you get an improved 1080p webcam for clear video chats or zoom calls the apple macbook air m2 is a lightweight option that won't weigh you down but it still offers enough battery to easily get you through the day and ample processing power to handle more demanding academic or general workflows without sacrificing performances if you don't want to splurge but still want a portable laptop for college that routinely delivers high quality performance this is a great choice next up i have a versatile sturdy and lightweight laptop that allows you to stay productive wherever you go and can routinely deliver top tier performance the hp specter x360 13 is my choice as the best two in one laptop for college in 2023 hp specter x360 13 is a lightweight two-in-one laptop that comes with a surprisingly sturdy and elegant design a solid port selection for your preferred accessories and impressive performance under more demanding workloads it has a sleek and understated aesthetic that's available in three different colors depending on your preference and you get a versatile two-in-one design that can be used as either a traditional laptop or a tablet when you're on the go it offers a solid port selection considering its slim design and comes with two usba ports for your older peripherals two usbc ports with thunderbolt 4 a 3.5 millimeter headphone jack and diagonal cut corners for easier access it also features a 13.5 inch touchscreen display with a tall 3x2 aspect ratio to provide additional screen space for reading or writing and a 1920x1280 resolution for consuming media under the hood you get 8 gigabytes of ram and a 12th generation intel core i5 1235u 10 core processor that can easily stream content or browse the web handle some more demanding software and have multiple browser tabs open simultaneously the battery can reliably deliver up to 10 point five hours on a single charge which isn't as long as some other competitors in this range but it should be adequate for most requirements and offers fast charging speeds i also like that it comes with the mpp 2.0 tilt pen so you can quickly take handwritten notes during class or when studying the hp specter x 360 13 is a solid laptop that won't weigh you down between classes and comes with solid battery life for the size a good screen with extra vertical space and quality internal components that can power through most tasks in a compact form factor this is a great choice if you want a portable laptop that can still keep you productive or entertained some people might be looking for a quality and portable laptop that offers comparable performance to more expensive models for a much more affordable price the acer swift 3 is made with this in mind and it's my choice as the best laptop for college for the money in 2023 college students might not have the money to splurge on a high-end laptop for school but the acer swift 3 is a much more affordable alternative that offers excellent value for the price and enough power to tackle a range of tasks it has a sturdy aluminum magnesium chassis to protect the internal components that only weighs around 2.65 pounds so you can comfortably carry it around campus or between classes it comes with a solid port selection to support your other accessories and includes two usbc ports with thunderbolt 4 support two usb a 3.2 gen 1 ports an hdmi 2.0 port and a 3.5 millimeter audio jack along with wi-fi 6 and bluetooth 5.2 it also comes with a large 14-inch screen that provides plenty of working space a wide 16x9 aspect ratio and afhd resolution that produces a decent picture it offers 8 gigabytes of ram and an intel evo core i7 1165 g7 processor that can easily handle everyday requirements most productivity workflows multitasking with several tabs and some lighter content creation or gaming which is solid considering its affordable price it can also deliver around 8 to 10 hours of use per charge when browsing the web or working to get you through important projects although this is somewhat limited compared to other quality competitors it also comes with some useful additional technology such as an upgraded 1080p webcam an integrated fingerprint reader and more the acer swift 3 is an affordable alternative that comes with a surprisingly sturdy build a good port selection a quality screen and solid internal components that perform well and handle some more demanding tasks without losing speed or responsiveness if you want a cost-effective laptop for college that outperforms its price tag and can deliver similar performance to higher end models this is your best bet next up i have a highly portable and lightweight laptop that offers solid battery life and enough processing power to get the job done for a decent price the microsoft surface laptop go 3 is a great choice if you're shopping on a budget with its lightweight and slim design solid touch screen display for working or watching and good internal components with surprising performance the microsoft surface laptop go 3 is a quality laptop that won't cost too much like the previously mentioned hp specter x360 13 it has a sleek versatile two-in-one design that can be used as a laptop or tablet and allows you to stay productive almost anywhere you go it has a lightweight portable design that only weighs around 1.2 pounds so it can easily fit into a bag or backpack and you get an integrated kickstand to maintain a comfortable viewing angle when in use even more it features a 10.5 inch touchscreen display with a 3x2 aspect ratio and a solid 1920x1280 resolution that can produce a crisp clear and colorful image it has 8 gigabytes of ram and an intel pentium gold processor that's ideal for basic tasks such as browsing the web or running basic word processing software for your academic work though anyone in a more demanding or creative program might be better off with a more expensive model like the acer swift 3 i'm mentioned earlier it also has solid battery life and can reliably last for up to 11 hours on a single charge so you won't need to worry about it dying mid-lecture it also offers a usbc port a headphone jack and wi-fi 6 and bluetooth support the microsoft surface laptop go 3 is a lightweight laptop that comes with enough battery to get you through longer studying sessions a quality display that can help you stay entertained and a solid processor that can handle basic tasks and help you finish homework this is a great choice if you want a basic two-in-one laptop for college to take notes complete assignments or browse the web if you're looking for the laptop for college that offers the best combination of build quality screen quality battery life and all-around performance the apple macbook pro m2 is a high-end option and it's my choice as the best overall laptop for college in 2023 the apple macbook pro m2 is a premium laptop that can easily power through processor intensive tasks and it comes with excellent battery life a stunning display and stellar performance it comes with apple's signature and sturdy aluminum outer chassis and features a reasonably slim portable design that only weighs around three pounds it comes with two usb type-c ports with thunderbolt 4 support for faster data transfers and a 3.5 millimeter headphone jack but the port selection is somewhat limited and lacks older usba connectivity the 13-inch retina display is a standout feature and it features a stunning 2560 by 1600 resolution that reliably produces an immersive picture with excellent detail peak brightness and color accuracy for consuming your favorite media on the inside it has 8 gigabytes of ram an integrated 10 core m2 gpu for improved graphics and a robust 8 core m2 processor with enough power to tackle demanding workloads like professional grade media editing or run cpu hungry software without lagging or stuttering you also get 256 gigabytes of speedy ssd storage for your important assignments or notes i believe of the battery is another standout feature and it can efficiently deliver around 20 to 22 hours of use per charge which is longer than other quality competitors like the apple macbook air m2 i mentioned in addition it has an effective active cooling system that allows it to maintain optimal performance over extended periods the apple macbook pro m2 is a powerful laptop that's designed to tackle heavy duty requirements and it provides all-day battery life a sturdy build and ample processing power for your demanding academic or creative tasks while remaining portable enough to bring to class if you can afford the price and need a laptop for college with top tier performance across the board this is the perfect choice if you found this video helpful give it a like and check out the description for links to updated pricing for products mentioned in the video  [music] if you're a student one of the best student laptops can help you ace your exams and then let you unwind by streaming tv or playing games but with so many choices at so many different prizes finding the very best laptop for students can feel like extra homework but don't worry in this video i am going to show you top 10 best latest laptops for students ranging from budget to the premium ones that you can consider to buy so to watch the video till the end and do let me know in the comment section which laptop did you like the most please hit the like button to share this video among your friends and subscribe our channel if you have any queries related to buying a new laptop you can ask me on instagram you can message me there i will reply you back link is given in the description samsung galaxy book 2 pro 360 a gorgeous thin and light laptop for students samsung galaxy booktube pro is an amazing field of engineering that makes it a fantastic match for students the 15.6 inch amoled display in a 3.1 pound laptop remains remarkable while delivering a two-in-one form factor that makes it a dream laptop for students not only that but it more than doubles the geekbench performance of its predecessor meaning that unless you have incredibly demanding need this vanishingly thin laptop has more power than you will likely ever need the included s pen just adds to the compelling package allowing you to easily take handwritten notes when necessary or sketch if you are in a creative area of study buy this amazing laptop for its stunning portable design strong performance vivid and bright super amoled display long lasting battery life and s pen included links are given in the description for various countries you can check the price and availability in your country and buy it from there lenovo legion 5 pro the best cheap gaming laptop for students lenovo's legion 5 pro proves what's possible when two opposing forces come together for the greater good those forces are amd and nvidia and the greater good is the gaming community armed with the amd ryzen 7 5 0 cpu and nvidia geforce rtx 3070 graphics the legion five row gives gamers the power they need to run the latest aaa titles at ultra graphics settings what it lacks in flashy aesthetics it makes up for with the gorgeous 16-inch quad hd display an exceptional keyboard and touchpad and plenty of ports and outstanding performance from the amazing amd cpu and nvidia gpu buy this amazing laptop for its bright 16 inch quad hd 165 hertz display fantastic keyboard with numpad excellent productivity and gaming performance and solid battery life acer chromebooks pin 7 and 3 the best chromebook for students if you are a current chromeos user in need of an upgrade for your college laptop then don't hesitate to buy the asec chromebook spin 7 3. this excellent twin on laptop will cost you only 700 dollar yet delivers a 13.5 instead screen and fast performance thanks to its intel core i5 cpu better 8 with a battery life of nearly 10 hours and 35 minutes the chromebook spin 703 will last you an entire school day as you bounce from one class to the next the laptop's flexible design means you can use it to draw take handwritten notes or quickly share a project with a classmate by folding the display back by this amazing laptop for its great screen sturdy build quality powerful performance great battery life and comfortable keyboard hp pavilion 14 the best laptop for most of the students yes the hp pavilion 14 is a mid-range laptop with a price to reflect that but we think the vast majority of students will find this windows machine more than ample for their day-to-day needs it features strong all-round specification a simple and stylish design a sharp screen and you get dedicated hdmi usb type-c and networking ports meaning that hooking the machine up in the dom or in the class is very easy battery life sits at up to 11 hours and the machine comes pre-installed with a fresh copy of windows 11 home edition buy this amazing laptop for its strong all-round specification solid build quality and big internal storage with the latest 12th generation intel processor apple macbook pro 14 inch or 16 inch the best student laptop for creatives but it is very expensive it's true that you need a substantial chunk of money to get one 14 inch or 16 inch macbook pro but if they are within your budget you can't really do any better these laptops will cope with everything that you can throw at them and then some and they are guaranteed to offer many years of top quality service ideal if you are studying a creative subject or need additional processing power for say like modeling system or 3d design or something like that m1 pro and m1 max processors that apple has fitted in these devices offer a leap forward in terms of performance while at the same time improving efficiency as well in other words you can expect stellar battery life from these models so you don't have to worry about carrying a charger around with you all the day by this amazing laptop for its top tier performance best build quality and excellent display hp envy x360 the best budget two-in-one laptop for students if you like the hp brand and want to spend a little bit more than the pavilion cost hp envy x360 13 is a great option it manages to get some decent specification with some very decent looks at a price that's not quite as exorbitant as you might think this is a laptop that's going to handle most of the tasks you throw at it thanks to the decent powered inert but it's not going to handle intensive gaming or video editing still it's a perfect for writing up essays or doing some research on the web or putting together a budget spreadsheet to work out where all your money is going buy this amazing laptop for its very versatile form factor stylish design competitive price and the best build quality acer swift 3 a great all-rounder and a compact student laptop with a long lasting battery life we have always been fans of the asus swift series and the latest edition of the swift 3 has done nothing to change your minds you get a 14 inch full hd screen for starting at those essays and video streaming services while under the hood everything is powered by intel's 12th generation core i5 core i7 processor the closer you look the better the asus 53 gets it supports the latest y560 standard and the best connectivity options like usb type a 1 usb type c and an hdmi port at the top end of the configuration option you can also get the nvidia graphics card that is best for light gaming buy this amazing laptop for its power through work sharp bright screen lightweight and compact design with a long lasting battery life [music] apple macbook air m1 the best macbook for students apple macbook air m2 is also launched but it is little bit expensive than this and this device is more than enough for you you get power efficiency and long lasting battery life in this if you prefer mac os to windows 11 then go with the apple macbook air while the macbook air m2 is now available many users will still be perfectly happy with the macbook air m1 which comes in under thousand dollar or under 80 000 indian rupees and it is available at much more discounts during festivals or sales that affordable pricing mixed with its outstanding performance along with the 14 hours of battery life makes it hard to beat for college students that are looking to get the most bang for their buck buy this amazing laptop for its breathtaking performance outstanding battery life slim unibody aluminum chassis iphone and ipad app support great speakers and magic keyboard hp spectre x360 14 the best two-in-one laptop for students with the powerful performance and amazing design the spectre x360 14 is the best two in one laptop ever it comes with a stunning design bright and vivid display with the 3k 2k oled display options epic 12 plus hours of battery life and fast overall performance with the latest 12 generation processors add to that a generously sized touchpad that is silky to touch as well as comfortable keyboard excellent security options and a good selection of boards and well it's easy to see why we like this laptop so much and we also recommend to buy spectre x360 14 or the nv13 if you have the money especially if you need the flexible design and in fact the hp spectre x360 14 is the best laptop if you want a convertible notebook buy this amazing laptop for its striking luxurious design gorgeous oled and full hd display options long lasting battery life and comfortable keyboard dell xps 13 or dell xps 13 plus the best laptop for student the dell xps 13 is a serious workhorse and the best premium laptop for students powered by 12th generation intel core i7 processor with the integrated intel r60 graphics the notebook is ready for work or play and with more than 11 hours of battery life you have got plenty of time for both the company has managed to make a laptop that's smaller and lighter than the previous models despite the smaller size dell added some big changes including a larger trackpad and keyboard plus you get a 13.4 inch near bezel-less display on every side the first one in the world to do so buy this amazing laptop for its attractive and premium chassis powerful performance no bezels whatsoever and excellent battery life so these are the top 10 best laptop for students that you can consider to buy if you like the video please hit the like button do share this video among your friends don't forget to hit that like button subscribe our channel thanks for watching take care bye  [music] finding a decent laptop for remote classes or venturing around campus can be a little difficult given there are so many options out there on top of that there are a ton of things to consider before buying one such as your budget reliability and specs that you're looking for to make things easier for you we have made a list of the five best laptops for the students ranging from budget once to solid portable workstations watch till the end to find out your right pick welcome to techfluencer where we test and review countless tech products to help you make the best purchasing decision our tech expert team stays busy to keep you updated on latest tech trends and advancements to purchase the right product check out the links in the description foreign from the budget side we have the ideapad flex 5i from lenovo this is a convertible laptop with a reasonable amount of specs to power through your academic tasks whether you use it in tablet or laptop mode this sturdy design mixed with drop down hinge makes it super simple to operate it even comes in a variety of color options that include cloud gray storm gray and stone blue to mix and match with the rest of your accessories on top of that this 14-inch laptop has a near bezel-less screen that gives you more screen space to work with the native 1920x100080p resolution is also there for greater text readability while the touchscreen panel makes it easier for you to navigate under the hood flex 5i packs a core i3 1115 g4 processor along with 4 gigabytes of ddr4 memory and 128 gigabytes of ssd storage in our opinion these are just about right for light browsing and academic tasks the fingerprint reader is also a nice thing to have for secure accessibility while the full hd webcam will come in handy for online class is lastly this laptop brings along a wide filter ports that comprise an hdmi thunderbolt 4 and a headphone jack to make the overall user experience wholesome up next we have an awesome chromebook recommendation from samsung check out the galaxy chromebook 2 which belongs to sleek design and enhanced battery backup that won't give up on you thus chromebook features a gorgeous q led display that visualizes on-screen content with mesmerizing color quality and notable brightness which is quite rare to see in a laptop in this budget range furthermore this is a two-in-one convertible laptop which further stretches its usability as a laptop as well as a tablet whenever you deem it necessary performance wise it consists of a 10 gen korea 2 processor that delivers remarkable cv performance to get your daily tasks done without having any hiccups it also has the updated chrome os and an optimized battery that will give you a backup of up to 13 hours once it's fully charged the chromebook itself looks super minimal with a slim and lightweight design and plenty of ports including two usbc a headphone jack and a memory card slot to go by both the mercury gray and fiesta red color variants look impressive and combine and with the backlit keyboard the user experience just gets a whole lot better from microsoft we have the surface laptop 5 a premium at reasonably priced laptop from microsoft that's rocking the latest intel processor and is perfect for multitasking let's just appreciate how minimal the laptop looks available in both alcantra and metal build this laptop comes with a handful of color options including the all-new sage green as mentioned earlier this laptop is rocking a 12th gen i5 processor along with 8 gigabytes of ddr5 ram and 512 gigabytes of nvme ssd storage the 13.4 inch display within a resolution of 1920x1200p is quite impressive given it brightens up with up to 500 extra brightness as a student you will spend most of your time typing on this laptop as a super comfortable keyboard make sure you stay focused on your project without any wrist pain other perky features include thunderbolt 4 a dynamic hd camera and a precious touchpad to make each of your efforts count as far as modern laptops go dell has completely nailed it with their xps 13. this is a super compact laptop with amazing battery backup which makes it one of the best 13-inch notebooks for students design wise xps 13 looks leak the thin and light combo on this thing appears impressive and effortless to carry around campus in your backpack the internal speaker sounds solid too as it produces a louder and deeper bass which you will definitely appreciate while listening to music once you take a break from studying this laptop integrates a 12th gen i5 processor along with 8 gigabytes of ram and 5 12 gigabytes of m2 ssd that you can expand further anytime you want to on top of that it builds a 13.4 inch full hd ips screen that showcases on-screen content with precise detail the 500 nits a peak brightness blended with anti-glare coating will aid you in the outro environment really well both ios hold a total of two thunderbolt 4 ports that also happen to support displayport and power delivery for greater convenience and that will leaves us with is 45 watt hour battery with a backup of up to 16 hours which in our opinion is quite impressive as a windows alternative we highly recommend the macbook air m1 it still remains as one of the most remarkable laptops from apple with reliable performance and super strong battery backup packed with apple's infamous m1 chip this macbook is quite capable especially when combined with its up to 16 gb system memory and m1's 8 core gpu besides regular usage you can even utilize it for light content creation tasks the 13-inch laptop form factor is pretty compact and lightweight which makes it a perfect travel companion when going to college or outdoors in general on top of that the thermal efficient active cooling technology and up to 10 hours of battery life on this laptop will keep it durable for quite a while and together with apple's optimized mac os the user experience is bound to feel smooth and responsive thus if you're in for a perfect windows laptop alternative then the macbook air m1 is the one you should go for so that was all about the five best laptops for students thanks for watching if you found this video to be helpful please give it a thumbs up share it with your friends and let us know your thoughts in the comment section down below subscribe to our channel and hit the bell icon if you want to see more videos like this on your feed  amd cpus are still a good option in 2023 so reliability foreign foreign foreign when you are scrolling the browser or switching between apps plus you display actual quality youtube full hd lcd panel which produces decent colors overall and i'm also impressed to see you have premium aluminum build the acres but uh what i think is a experience or the bedroom too okay so obama will list my bronze medallina software biker laptop is your asus go vivobook 15. as its name suggests you would say 15 inches it's surprisingly lightweight your laptop could design you can choose it in different color options too so i have no laptop this can be a good option design bike asus it's got intelco core i5 1235u processor dell 3520 live performance is actually quite satisfactory uh use case i mostly use apps like chrome editing photoshop15 moreover vivobook could display any decent nature it's a full hd screen default color tuning is so i did calibrate it with foreign foreign foreign what's up but what makes the ideapad 3 stand out among other budget laptops is yes you should go with ips variant just go uh viewing angles reproduction is much much better so everywhere i'm the best laptops under one lako list foreign  what's up guys today's video is on the top 5 best laptops for students in 2023 through extensive research and testing i've put together a list of options that'll meet the needs of different types of buyers so whether it's price performance or its particular use we've got you covered for more information on the products i've included links in the description box down below which are updated for the best prices like the video comment and don't forget to subscribe now let's get started if you want to save money and at the same time get a product of decent quality we have a specially selected the hp 17 for you as the best budget student laptop in 2023 the hp 17 is an office laptop with a ryzen 5 3500 uapu 4 gigabytes of ram memory dual channel mode 256 gigabyte sst and a man ips screen it has an onboard optical drive a 17.3 inch matte display with a native resolution of 1600 by 900 pixels it offers more than enough computing power hour for office and internet applications the cpu part of the apu consists of a quad-core processor that operates at a basic speed of 2.1 gigahertz and can be boosted at 3.7 gigahertz with the help of a turbo simultaneous multi-threading is supported it has a sleek and minimalist look with a silver plastic chassis and a black not so thin bezel measuring just 0.96 inches the hd plus non-touch screen has a decent color gamut and brightness 220 nits as well as an anti-glare coating for working in bright environments the keyboard is not backlit but still provides comfortable feel for typing as well as having a separate number pad on the right side for inputting commands it has a multi-gester touchpad with two physical buttons it includes an ethernet port rj45 three usb type a ports tour gen 3.2 hdmi 1.4 b output sd card reader headphone jack and hd webcam connections ports so you can connect various external devices when needed as per manufacturer's claim this laptop can last up to eight hours or mixed use but realistically can provide five to six hours bad relief according to user reviews and experience tests for the listed price we can't beat this one the acer chromebook spin 514 is an excellent choice for anyone who's looking for a mid-range laptop that will last them its dynamic hinge allows you to configure and orientate the product in a variety of ways giving it extra versatility with its 14 inch screen and plenty of ports power and a 360 degree hinge the spin 514 offers lots of options when in use its ips lcd panel gives good viewing angles with touch controls so that you can use either your finger or stylus to interact with chrome os on top of all this the laptop is also military grade durable meaning it can withstand dense and corrosion from falls up to 1.2 meters or pressure of 60 kilograms so if you accidentally drop your laptop bag you don't have to worry about any serious damage underneath it weak exterior the chromebook packs amd's ryzen 3000c series processors paired with amd radeon graphics allowing graphically demanding applications to run smoothly it can also support google android apps so that you can get even more out of your device storage wise it comes with four gigabyte ddr4 memory and 64 gigabyte hard disk storage capacity which should be enough for most activities without running into any issues in conclusion the acer chromebook spin 514 is an ideal choice whether you're looking for something powerful yet economical or simply want a laptop that will stay durable throughout your student years good stuff a thumbs up from here up next we present to you the macbook air m2 the best apple laptop for students in 2023 the macbook air m2 is the best laptop for those who are willing to spend a little more for a great laptop while still staying within their budget it offers top performance and a bright and colorful screen all in a beautiful portable design if we look at the macbook air m2 from a design standpoint alone it's one of the most beautiful laptops apple has ever made it has better performance than the m1 with even greater energy efficiency they had to save more power but maintains those 18 hours of autonomy the m2 chip makes the new macbook air up to 1.4 times faster than the previous m1 version and up to 15 times faster than models with a dual core intel core i5 processor a model that was also far from being able to maintain the 18 hours of autonomy that the product now has in real life this means that you'll be able to do practically everything every day even faster than before safari runs like a snap photoshop runs better than any intel laptop in the past fan or fanless it's slightly larger than the macbook air m1 13.6 versus 13.3 inches with roughly the same resolution 2560 times 1664 versus 2560 times 1600 but with higher brightness 500 nits versus the 400 nits it had before the screen does not have have promotion that is the 120 hertz that we now see macbook pro 4 16 or iphone 13 however it does have true tone technology for all practical purposes and if you're coming from an older macbook air this screen will look huge and very bright with good contrast balanced and well calibrated the magsafe connector is also returned to the macbook air and that's good news again it's very convenient to connect and disconnect the charging cable it has brightness that according to tests averages 356 lux and the color calibration is very very good first of all this soc has an 8 core cpu and up to a 10 core gpu with 16 core neural engine the biggest evolution compared to the m1 is that it has a number of cores that decode video much more efficiently our version is 512 gigabytes and the speed is quite fast 2393.3 megabytes per second for writing and 28 16.7 megabytes per second for reading thumbs up that's for sure and now we present to you this silver medal and the title of the runner our best laptop for students available on the market in 2023 the dell xps 13 ultra portable laptops are changing the game and the dell xps 13 is leading the way it features intel's 11th generation tiger lake cpu with fast and efficient computing superior battery life and a stunning 13.4 inch screen the laptop boasts an impressive 0.58 by 11.6 by 7.8 inch profile weighing in at 2.8 pounds for a touchscreen configuration and 2.64 pounds for non-touch screen versions due to the lack of gorilla glass 6 coating for fans of its style dell has extended this to the entire xps range including the latest iterations of 15 and 17 inch models the xps 13 is available in two colorways frost white with alpine carbon or platinum silver with a carbon fiber palm rest all three models have a 1610 aspect ratio offering more vertical display space than standard 69 screens for long documents and sites easier navigation the touchpad measures 1920 by 1200 pixels in resolution whilst a 4k panel is also available boasting 3840 by 2400 pixel resolution great news for those who like to work on hd content you'll be able to see comfortably outdoors too with 500 nits maximum brightness settings for video calls or capturing memories on the go you'll appreciate this 720p webcam complete with ir sensors for facial recognition in addition to stunning stereo speakers combining for up to 4 watts of power providing balanced sound quality riper than you'd expect from such a small package inside a review unit had eight gigabytes ram and 512 gigabyte hard drive giving enough capacity for most users needs without taking up too much space physically this is a quality product and all we can do is recommend it finally we present to you the long-awaited gold medal and the title of the best overall laptop for students available on the market in 2023 the microsoft surface laptop 4 this is an impressive laptop designed with the modern student in mind it has a sleek lightweight design and powerful performance capabilities making it the perfect companion for any student's computing needs the machine also includes two microphones for improved sound quality and a camera with infrared technology and hd 720p resolution for capturing still images as well as videos the exterior of the laptop is made from aluminum with its keyboard featuring an alcantara textile finish that adds comfort when typing and ensures that your wrists don't get too tired during long work sessions you can choose between amd ryzen 5 or 7 processors or an intel core i5 or i7 processor depending on your needs this review sampled one of the 13.5 inch models with an intel core i7 processor 8 gigabytes of ram and 256 gigabyte of storage space when it comes to ports the surface laptop 4 has to covered with one usb c port one usb a port and a surface connect port plus a 3.5 millimeter headphone jack all included out of the box there's also a magnetic charging port which makes connecting accessories easier than ever before as far as visuals are concerned you're looking at a 2256 by 1504 pixel resolution with the 3 2 aspect ratio which is great for working from home and watching movies plus it's touch sensitive so you can use it in conjunction with the surface pen if desired finally we must mention that there's also a 720p hd camera above the display with windows hello facial recognition included combined with dolby outpost technology offering improved sound separation for great audio when playing media files you'll be hard-pressed to find better audio quality in any other laptop at this price point all in all there is no doubt that the microsoft surface laptop 4 excels in all areas proving itself to be an ideal choice for students who are looking for more out of their computing experience overall this model delivers top level performance at the best possible price quality ratio you wanted the best you got it so that's it for the top 5 best laptops for students in 2023 like comment and subscribe to receive the notifications button latest video "

----------

"wheelchairs are one of the most widely used forms of medical equipment in the world. they play a big part in helping people who are impaired when it comes to mobility. they are perhaps the top choice when it comes to devices that let users move safely and smoothly from one point to another. in this guide, we provide all of the necessary information to make an informed purchase and help you find a wheelchair that fits you best. we have tested different kinds of wheelchairs and analyzed them in terms of performance, comfort, special features, safety, and other factors to identify the best of the best. lightweight wheelchairs, electric wheelchairs, wheelchairs for the elderly \u2013 we\u2019ve looked at them all, compared their attributes, and present the best ones. from our in-depth research, the featherweight 13.5 lbs. wheelchair\u00a0stood out as the clear overall winner. it checks every box on our list. it features an ergonomic design with the health and comfort of its users in mind. it\u2019s got a high-quality build, it\u2019s lightweight, and it\u2019s our number one pick. solid well made and the best value for money. the lightest wheelchair you\u2019ll find on the current market, featherweight\u2019s 13.5 lbs wheelchair is an excellent choice for easy, lightweight, transport. this model uses light and durable materials that set a whole new standard for other brands in the market. the featherweight can be folded down into one neat and compact package, and sports wheels with a quick-release feature allow the user to remove the large, rear wheels with just a press of a button. unfolding and reattaching this unit takes little effort and time. it was very easy for us to dismantle and re-mantle. on top of all this, this wheelchair has wheel locks that are readily accessible to its user, located at the frame\u2019s front. this prevents any unwanted backward or forward movement. featherweight wheelchair by 1800wheelchair key features:. an excellent, lightweight electric wheelchair at an amazing price point. the no products found. is one of the latest generations of electric wheelchairs that feature foldability features and lightweight designs. it uses a finely crafted frame that makes it comfortable for users who weigh up to 305 pounds. this model can be easily folded into a more compact shape to make transportation easier. you can further break down its components through the quick release mechanism that splits the model into three separate pieces. this is especially useful if you\u2019re still having a tough time storing it even in its folded state (although we never had any issues in our testing). the cruiser deluxe is perfect for users who lack the arm strength to handle a manual wheelchair. it uses a 10 ah battery to power itself, with the option to connect it with another battery using a dual battery connector (if you want to cover greater distances on a single charge.). ez lite cruiser deluxe dx12 key features:. an impressive, reliable, and comfortable manual wheelchair from medline. a great option for seniors. owing to its reliability and comfort, this impressive manual wheelchair from medline is a great option for seniors, rated for weights of up to 300 lbs. the seat of the chair uses nylon upholstery that is very soft and breathable, a far better choice than vinyl, especially considering how much easier it is to clean. the model also features removable elevating leg rests to enhance comfort. these are especially useful to help prevent leg symptoms that the elderly may experience, such as swelling and increased pressure. it also comes with desk-length armrests that can be flipped back when not in use. this model is a good wheelchair for seniors who want to lead a more active lifestyle. it is also worth noting that this chair doesn\u2019t weigh much (22 lbs), which is impressive considering the number of useful features that it has. medline lightweight and user-friendly wheelchair key features:. a\u00a0high-quality, lightweight, manual wheelchair. the\u00a0karman ergonomic ultra lightweight wheelchair\u2019s\u00a0seat comes in the form of an s-shape. this helps relieve pressure, as well as promote good posture, especially when used for extended periods. this wheelchair comes with a set of brakes for caretakers as an added safety measure, and it\u2019s designed in a way that bending down to press it isn\u2019t necessary. this is especially important when it\u2019s used on slanting terrain. in terms of weight, it only weighs 13.5 lbs if you remove the rear wheels and footrest, making it suitable for transportation purposes. all in all, the karman ergonomic ultra lightweight wheelchair is a good option for a large number of people, offering plenty of helpful features for both the user and, if they have one, their caregiver. karman ergonomic ultra lightweight wheelchair key features:. a solid, durable, wheelchair is great for those on tighter budgets. the cruiser iii is one of the most durable wheelchair models in the market, and it comes with an affordable price tag to boot. this model uses a frame made with carbon steel that eliminates the need for a seat guide and allows the use of back inserts and other useful wheelchair accessories. it comes with wheel bearings that are precision sealed, ensuring that its performance and quality remain steady over a long period. its armrests can be flipped back, and it sports a footrest that can be elevated, depending on the user\u2019s needs. overall, this is a solid choice for those on a tight budget, looking for a high-quality unit. drive medical cruiser iii light weight key features:. when buying yourself a wheelchair, one of the first things you need to consider is your capability of propelling yourself or if you need a little bit of assistance. for manual wheelchairs, they usually come with specifications that help its user in terms of travel. it often uses large wheels for the back and its rear wheels sport push rims. caregiving transport wheelchairs, on the other hand, come with handles that the attendant can use to maneuver the unit with ease. they also have larger wheels, which help stabilize the chair when traveling through rougher surfaces and pavements. finally, electronics wheelchairs use a motor to propel the unit in the direction set by the remote control device. while generally more expensive, this allows the user to move about without much effort or assistance. a wheelchair\u2019s weight and dimensions are extremely important factors when transportation and storage come to mind. a wheelchair\u2019s weight is also directly proportional to the required effort it takes to move it manually. heavier wheelchairs might be too difficult for individuals who don\u2019t have enough arm strength. if you want a lightweight wheelchair, look for ones made from lighter materials like aluminum or carbon steel that aim to minimize its total weight. in addition to the above, most wheelchairs will have removable parts that can help reduce the weight of the whole unit when needed. if you\u2019re in the market for a new wheelchair, you need to consider your physical strength as one of the main factors. if you don\u2019t have the capability to move your own weight, then consider choosing models that include power-assisted wheels or even an electric one. granted, they are more pricey, but it\u2019s a good investment that can improve your lifestyle and health. you also need to consider where you\u2019re going to use it. is it just for home use, or are you planning on riding it outside where the terrain can be rougher? most wheelchairs nowadays come with a set of wheels that have high traction to add more stability, so you can look into those if you want one for outdoor use. it\u2019s important to consider your physical build before you lock in a purchase of a wheelchair. consider every aspect of your physicality, from your age to your sex, height, and weight to find a model that\u2019s the right fit for you. consult with your doctor or physiotherapist and ask for a wheelchair recommendation that fits your needs. you can also check the detailed specifications and dimensions of a wheelchair with just a quick online search. different people use different wheelchairs for different reasons. for instance, individuals who are paralyzed or have amputations will have special needs compared to those who aren\u2019t. some users require more balancing systems and safety features to prevent a fall. consulting with a medical professional is usually the best course of action to know the specifics of what your condition requires. you need to take your lifestyle into consideration when purchasing a wheelchair. if you need to do specific tasks for your work, or you simply just need a unit to make movement easier, there are models that will fit your needs more so than others. if you\u2019re the outdoorsy type, you might want to consider a wheelchair with excellent traction to make traversing over rough surfaces easy. if you\u2019re a homebody, getting a wheelchair that\u2019s easy to maneuver will make moving through tighter spots in your home less of a hassle. different wheelchairs will have various components, features, specifications, and properties; it\u2019s up to you to determine which ones will most fit your lifestyle best. when purchasing a new wheelchair, you need to take your personal taste and preferences into account. after all, you\u2019re one who\u2019s going to use it regularly. personally, we couldn\u2019t see ourselves driving around this bright yellow chair:. if you\u2019re having a hard time looking for a model that checks all your boxes, you can ask your family or friends with wheelchair experience to offer up some suggestions that you can try out. if you find a unit that you think will do the job, read its online product reviews first. this way, you\u2019re fully informed of what you\u2019re going to get by learning from other people\u2019s experiences with the product. there are plenty of wheelchairs available on the market that offer compact designs or folding features that enable easier transport and storage. even if this factor isn\u2019t the top of your priorities, you should still consider getting a wheelchair with these capabilities to save you the trouble of having a bulky and inconvenient model. directional controls that are connected to the wheelchair\u2019s armrest are the most conventional type of control system for electric wheelchairs. these are straightforward and easy to operate. they do, however, have a bit of a learning curve. the seat is a fundamental component of a wheelchair, being the part you sit on. these come in a variety of different dimensions, but most brands can custom fit your unit to your body type. pick a seat that offers excellent lumbar support and sufficient cushioning to keep you comfortable for long periods of time. the cover material is, as the name suggests, the material used to cover the wheelchair\u2019s cushion. materials that are easy to clean and maintain are desirable. they should also be lightweight and resistant to dirt and bacteria. your wheelchair may have a headrest to support your neck. footrests and armrests offer a lot of support and comfort when needed, but it\u2019s also good to have ones that are removable and adjustable so they can be taken away when not in use. some models come with a storage bag to help with transport. many manufacturers customize units to fit the preferences of their buyers. ask your supplier what accessories your model offers. there are plenty of useful features that come with modern or high-end wheelchairs. some, for example, have a waterproof feature or added leg warmers to help you maintain a comfortable temperature during cold weather. the lightest wheelchair on the market is the featherweight 13.5 lbs wheelchair from 1800 wheelchair. a bariatric wheelchair is a specialized model that can handle more weight than a conventional wheelchair. on average, normal models can handle users who weigh up 250 lbs, while bariatric models can support far more than that. wheelchair prices can vary widely depending on the brand, model, and type, along with the accessories and features that they come with. manual wheelchairs can be as cheap as a few hundred dollars or cost thousands for premium, custom, models. however, electric wheelchairs are considerably more expensive compared to their manual counterparts because of the manufacturing cost, material cost, and development cost. prices can range from a thousand dollars and they go up to ten thousand depending on the features that the model offers. yes! thankfully, there are a number of great charities and government programs out there that can help you get a wheelchair for free. these organizations are committed to helping people in need get the wheelchairs they require so that they can live their lives to the fullest. for those who want something reliable and cost-effective, invacare\u2019s lightweight model is a good choice. this model puts precedence on the user\u2019s safety and relaxation, featuring the latest technology to improve its accessibility. this wheelchair has dual axle positioning that allows various sitting positions and heights to meet your needs and preferences. it weighs a total of 36 lbs, and it can support users who are below 250 lbs. it also sports removable armrests and footrests that can be replaced when needed. you also get a cushion to make your seat more comfortable, and extension handles for the breaks to allow easier access. what\u2019s even better is that invacare offers the users of this model a lifetime guarantee for its cross braces and frames, an added insurance in case your unit breaks! medline has released its own lightweight chair that features a design suited for both outdoor and indoor usage. this wheelchair comes with all the much-needed features that offer convenience and safety. the model uses a frame that is very light and can be folded for transportation and storage purposes. it also has rear wheels that can be removed to make transport even easier. it weighs a total of 31.5 lbs and can support users of up to 350 lbs, an impressive feat considering how light the unit is! please note that the unit also has an extra-wide seat that can meet the needs of a bariatric individual. in terms of adjustment capabilities, the height of the chair can be lowered or raised by two inches, with an adjustable back height to allow more fine-tuning. these wheelchairs elevating leg rests are an excellent addition that will help relieve any pain or pressure. despite having a lightweight frame, healthline\u2019s lightweight wheelchair is specifically built to withstand larger body weights during regular and consistent usage. being made with a carbon steel material, it is sturdy, robust, and lightweight. another great thing that this model offers is its easy maintenance and cleaning. the chair is made from bacteria and mildew-resistant material that is easy to wipe clean. in terms of maneuverability, its wheels have been designed to make moving easier. overall, healthline trading\u2019s lightweight wheelchair is a solid choice for people looking for a sturdy model that will last a long time. this lightweight model from bangeran is a great choice for those who need an electric wheelchair. coming with an efficient lithium battery, a full charge will enable the user to travel up to 12 miles! the bangeran fold n go is also aviation and fda approved. its seats have very plush cushioning that is both breathable and comfortable, and its wheels give a smooth riding experience across most terrains. one of the most lightweight motorized wheelchairs in the world, this foldawheel model is made from aluminum, as a very light and durable material, weighing a mere 45 lbs. despite being electric, this wheelchair is designed with convenience in mind; it is compact enough to fit the trunk of almost any car. despite its compact design, the motor that this unit carries is pretty powerful, using polymer lithium-ion batteries that are very lightweight and have longer lifespans than most lithium batteries in the market. its motors were optimized to save as much energy as possible while giving off relatively low noise levels during use. you can control the chair using its joystick controller that\u2019s easy to master. for extra convenience and comfort, its arm and leg rests are adjustable, with an anti-tilt feature using a hydraulic system that reduces the risks of tumbling backward. it also comes with a convenient travel bag to put your charger and other necessities. with medline transport, you can finally move about with more ease than before. this is a good investment for those looking for a solid model with great features. the medline transport is very compact and lightweight, allowing its users to move easily, and because of these traits, it\u2019s also easy to store in smaller spaces. this wheelchair comes equipped with features that you would want out of a good model such as nylon coverings, full-support armrests, removable footrests, and a seatbelt. it also uses 12-inch wheels for its rear to give a smoother movement. a few other aspects that add more security are its handbrakes with a loop lock design. this model can support users up to 300 lbs in weight, and its own mass is considerably low due to its aluminum frame. the self transport folding wheelchair provides ample comfort and security in a single model. in terms of transport and storage convenience, this model really shines. it can easily be folded into a compact shape and make smaller by removing its footrests. to add more traction during use, this unit uses sizeable rear wheels and solid front castors with added grip tires. this model is specifically designed for users on a budget who want a comfortable and reliable unit to travel with. its steel frame adds extra points for durability but makes this unit a bit heavier than other models. with economical transport in mind, the self transport folding wheelchair uses padded upholstery that\u2019s easily maintained and cleaned because of its nylon material. its armrests also have padding for added comfort. the wheels can be easily locked because of their simple design, ensuring safety in case the user loses control. this model has the capacity to transport users below 250 lbs. drive\u2019s medical wheelchair offers versatility and comfort for its users. due to its very smart design, its chair can allow for several positions depending on the users\u2019 preference. it sports a backrest that can be reclined to a full 180 degrees that is easy to adjust. its armrests are sufficiently padded to provide additional comfort, and footrests for leg support. users can relax and recline whenever they want to without any hassle. it also uses a mag-style wheel to help prevent its users from tipping over. in terms of movement, this model uses 8-inch caster wheels that give smoother rides. our favorite feature this wheelchair offers is that it has two modes- self and companion, that change its breaking security depending on who\u2019s using it. this wheelchair from nova is an excellent mix of versatility and durability that enhances the mobility of its users and a whole slew of other benefits. the unit features locking handbrakes that ensure the user\u2019s safety when traversing through rougher terrain. it can also be easily folded into a compact shape to makes transportation and storage easier. its comfortable armrests can be folded when not in use, leaving more space when maneuvering in smaller spaces. in addition, this model can support individuals below 400 lbs, ensuring the safety of any user within that weight range. weighing a mere 21 lbs, this model from hi-fortune is one of the best models you\u2019ll find, sporting a frame made from strong magnesium alloy that can support people under 220 lbs. this self-propelled unit can be folded to fit a suitcase of 29in. or inside the travel bag that comes with it. the combination of swing leg rests, hand straps, and hand/rear brakes ensure the user\u2019s safety and security. mobility deck\u2122 is a free resource for all your mobility needs, providing everything from in-depth wheelchair reviews to expert accessibility advice. read more about us and how we\u2019re supported by affiliate commissions. copyright mobility deck\u2122 2023. we at mobility deck\u2122 are dedicated to offering expert, researched information and advice on mobility products like wheelchairs, walkers, and accessories. we truly believe that only the very\u00a0best mobility products and advice, whatever they are, should appear on our platform. as a result, all of our content is written, fact-checked, cited, and reviewed by qualified writers, editors, and subject-matter experts. if you feel that any information on the website is false, inaccurate, out-of-date, or questionable, please let us know. our posts contain affiliate links. sometimes, not always, we may make $$ when you make a purchase through these links. no ads. ever. learn more. the best wheelchair can help improve an elderly person and those with limited mobility, standard of living, allowing them to move freely without assistance. our evaluation focused on weight capacity, seat comfort, warranty, swing-away footrests/armrests, weight, and its ability to fold for easy storage. after more than 17 hours of researching and testing, our top pick goes to the drive medical cruiser iii wheelchair. it boasts a maximum weight capacity of 300 pounds, includes a generous lifetime warranty and its seat widths can be adjusted to 16\u201d, 18\u201d and 20\u201d, accommodating different body types. but before we learn more about these wheelchairs, have a look at other quality health and wellness products. why we like it:  this wheelchair makes our top pick for its 3 seat widths and built-in 2\u201d seat extension. it is an excellent option for consumers whose weight and waistline fluctuates regularly who prefer a \u201cone size fits all\u201d wheelchair. thanks to its swing-away footrests and flip-back detachable arms, it is really easy to get up from this chair. our favorite feature is its built-in seat extensions, which increases seat depth an additional 2 inches, which is great if you use back cushions. bonus points for its hemi-spacing, which uses pre-drilled holes to adjust the chair\u2019s tilt to sit straight or relaxed. this wheelchair\u2019s nylon upholstery and padded armrests make it really comfortable to sit on. 8-inch front wheels create a smooth ride on rockier terrain. push-to-lock wheel locks also keep it firmly in place like a car\u2019s parking brake. award: honorable mention. why we like it:  this wheelchair features a lightweight (only 26 pounds) and a quick release fold-down back for easy storage in a trunk or closet. it is an excellent choice if you live and work in tight, narrow spaces e.g. small apartments and offices. this wheelchair comes with swing-away footrests and detachable armrests, which makes it easier to sit at tables with varying heights. its nylon seat and plush armrests provide plenty of cushioning. unlike our #1 pick, the drive medical cruiser iii, all wheels are the same size, providing better stability for those with limited arm and leg strength. thanks to this wheelchair\u2019s foldable backrest, it folds flat in less than 5 seconds, making it easy to transport and great for people who leave the house regularly. we also love this wheelchair because of its push-to-lock hand brakes, which doesn\u2019t rely on pesky lever brakes that require you to reach down. this works well for a wheelchair user that has limited flexibility, arm, and hand strength. you will also want to choose the best wheel chair ramp with that in mind. award: best transport. why we like it:  this wheelchair offers a sturdy lightweight aluminum frame (23 pounds) and large 12\u2033 rear wheels. it is an excellent choice if you move from bed to chair often. we really love this wheelchair\u2019s strong hand brakes, which brings it to a full stop without forward thrust. footrests can be positioned in different angles, locking into place for different rest positions. heel hoops also help by releasing tension on the toes and balls of the foot. this wheelchair works well with all body types, supporting up to 300 pounds. its 8-inch front wheels and 12 inch rear wheels provide a tighter turning radius. bonus points go to its quick release, fold-down back, which folds and stows away in seconds. this lightweight transport wheelchair makes it much easier for traveling than a standard wheelchair. another great option is the best folding mobility scooter. award: best for travel. why we like it:  this wheelchair features a lightweight frame that is very easy to fold. it is an excellent choice for frequent errand-runners and travelers. we were really impressed with this wheelchair\u2019s large 8-inch wheels, which works well on all types of terrain, including cobblestone and low lying grass. with its lightweight frame, it is an excellent choice if you make frequent stops running errands. it is also easy to fold and stow in a car trunk. thanks to its large 19\u2032 padded seating area, it is really comfortable to ride on for extended periods. it also has a weight capacity of 300 pounds. swing-away removable footrests make it easy to get up and sit back down or provide clearance when seated at a dinner table. also, make sure that your sidewalk is safe for your wheel chair by using things like the best ice scraper for sidewalk. award: best for large people. why we like it:  this extra-wide wheelchair comes with a massive 500-pound weight capacity and oversized seating at 24 inches wide. we love it for people 6\u2019 or taller and weighing over 300 pounds. this wheelchair has a very sturdy, carbon steel frame, making it much more durable than standard aluminum. our favorite feature is its padded armrests and seat, which were very comfortable to sit and lean on. we felt no soreness when sitting on this seat for 2 hours. thanks to its adjustable axles, it can lower and raise the seat 2 inches to make it more comfortable to sit on. elevating, push-button footrests with padded calf pads also provide relief for tired legs and make it easy to stand. it can also double as a light office, with a large roomy storage pocket in the back to store laptops and smaller items. since we are talking about making it easier to stand, the best power lift recliner will make life easier. award: best for parapalegic. why we like it:  this wheelchair features a very reliable electric motor and 360 degree joystick. it\u2019s an awesome choice if you have limited arm and hand strength and need an extra assist moving on your own. thanks to a 360-degree joystick and an electro-magnetic braking system, ride quality is really smooth.two 250w motors were strong enough to go up small slopes (think, 8 degrees). in our testing, turning radius\u2019 were pretty sharp and its joystick was very responsive, coming to a quick and full stop regardless of terrain. range is very respectable (12.5 miles when fully charged). though it has sufficient range for indoor and outdoor travel, it is a bit slow with a maximum speed of 3.7 mph. if you are in no particular hurry to get somewhere, this wheelchair is a safe bet. and if you need to get a patient into the chair, the best patient lifts are what you need. award: best for everyday use. why we like it:  this wheelchair features a lightweight construction (only 21 pounds) with a 220-pound weight capacity.. it is our favorite pick for everyday use. our favorite feature of this wheelchair is its quick-release wheel button which allows you to remove it with the push of a button. it is great for people with smaller cars like honda civics and toyota corollas with limited trunk space. a levered fold seat back and removable footrests also makes it easy to stow and sit up and down easily. we loved how this wheelchair seems to glide with its large wheels, even on rockier terrain. it uses both front and rear hand brakes, using a push button to come to a complete stop. anti-tippers also let you roll up a slope without tipping over. you can also look at the best knee scooter. choosing the best wheelchair could mean the difference between staying at home and enjoying the great outdoors. in determining the best wheelchair to buy, one should consider its weight, weight capacity, wheel size, seat height adjustment, and type of leg rests and footrests. lightweight transport chairs weighing less than 30 pounds are easy to lift, carry, and maneuver, especially important for moving out and about regularly. weight capacity to seat width ratio is very important, with 17 and 19-inch seats best for people weighing 150+ pounds and 21-inch seats best for people weighing 300-plus pounds. wheel size is critical. many wheelchairs carry larger back wheels and smaller front wheels for a tighter turning radius, with equally sized wheels better for anyone with diminished arm and leg strength. also why not check out:. we\u2019re on a mission to fix the broken user review system. review sites are broken. too many are simply trying to capitalize on affiliate revenue. they take money from brands to skew results. and often they review only the products that provide the most kickbacks when you buy. our mission is to empower you to find the product you\u2019re looking for and get exactly the information you need to make the right buying decision. our reviews and buyers guides are always either based on reviews we\u2019ve done ourselves, or aggregated from trusted sources. we are always transparent about where our information comes from so that you don\u2019t have to waste time and money buying the wrong thing. unbiased, no b.s. reviews and buyers guides. that\u2019s our promise and our commitment.. christen and rex [founders of gadget review]. \u00a9 copyright 2023, all rights reserved \u00a0|\u00a0 superlativ, llc. we looked at the top 9 wheelchairs and dug through the reviews from 35 of the most popular review sites including  and more. the result is a ranking of the best wheelchairs. why trust the dwym score? dwym is focused on helping you make the best purchasing decision. our team of experts spends hundreds of hours analyzing, testing, and researching products so you don't have to.learn more. budget-friendly pickif you're searching for an economical wheelchair, you'll find this one has an affordable price tag. budget-friendly pickif you're searching for an economical wheelchair, you'll find this one has an affordable price tag. most comfortableif you need a wider seat, this wheelchair also comes in a width of 24 inches. most comfortableif you need a wider seat, this wheelchair also comes in a width of 24 inches. sturdy steel framealthough this wheelchair is more affordable than other models, it has a carbon steel frame that makes it extremely durable. sturdy steel framealthough this wheelchair is more affordable than other models, it has a carbon steel frame that makes it extremely durable. cinch to foldwith its lightweight design and ease of use, this transport wheelchair is the perfect option for running errands. cinch to foldwith its lightweight design and ease of use, this transport wheelchair is the perfect option for running errands. view all product rankings. our experts reviewed the top 9 wheelchairs and also dug through the reviews from 35 of the most popular review sites including  and more. the result is a ranking of the best of the best wheelchairs. dwym is your trusted roduct review source. our team reviews thousands of product reviews from the trusted top experts and combines them into one easy-to-understand score.  learn more. since this wheelchair is lightweight and folds up nice and flat, it's ideal for travel. it has a 300-pound weight capacity, measures 19 inches in width and comes in a choice of black or bright blue. there's a seatbelt for safety and padded armrests for comfort. what we liked: since this wheelchair is lightweight and folds up nice and flat, it\u2019s ideal for travel. it has a 300-pound weight capacity, measures 19 inches in width and comes in a choice of black or bright blue. there\u2019s a seatbelt for safety and padded armrests for comfort. what we liked: comfort is king when you opt for this high-end wheelchair. the sleek upholstery features a thick inner lining and is embossed for added strength and style. the 22-inch wide seat and armrests are padded for comfort, while the wheels are designed to provide a smooth ride. what we liked: a comfortable riding experience and portability make this wheelchair a good choice. this model features precision-sealed wheel bearings for durability. its carbon steel frame makes it easy to change the back inserts. the low price also makes it a winner. what we liked: for those on the go, this wheelchair is a popular choice. its design makes it easy to fold it up and store away. the braking system is designed to function whether the chair is being controlled by the\u00a0passenger or pushed by a caregiver. a smooth riding experience and feather-touch handbrakes make navigating a breeze. what we liked: this wheelchair is one of the most comfortable, thanks to the ergonomic contouring of its seat. an antibacterial seat keeps you safe while a lightweight design makes it easy to maneuver. it is one of the pricier wheelchairs, though, and its weight capacity maxes out at 250 pounds. when it comes to wheelchairs, there are more options than ever. you can find cushy, comfortable chairs designed for hours of sitting or lightweight, basic models for short-term use. some are designed to get you from point a to point b quickly, navigating even the toughest terrain, while others are built with portability or durability in mind. before you start shopping, it can help to outline what you\u2019ll need in a wheelchair. will the rider primarily be steering, or will someone be pushing from behind most of the time? will it need to be used to sit at a desk or table all day? when it isn\u2019t in use, how will it be stored? one major issue with wheelchairs is portability. unless you plan to only use your wheelchair at home, you probably need to be able to fold it up and place it in a vehicle trunk at least occasionally. some wheelchairs easily fold and store, while others have elements that make that a little more complicated. if the wheelchair will be used outside the house infrequently, this probably won\u2019t matter as much as other features, but it\u2019s still worth considering. comfort can vary widely from one wheelchair to another, but the seat cushion and back, armrest and footrest all play into a chair\u2019s comfort level. if you plan to only occasionally use the wheelchair, you may not need a plush model with extra cushioning, so you might trade comfort for more portability. some wheelchairs have something called \u201cdesk arms,\u201d which ensure you can continue to use your wheelchair for seating when you roll up to a desk or table. safety factors in as well. some wheelchairs come with seatbelts to keep you securely locked in place. the brakes on your wheelchair are also an important factor. if you plan to do most of the wheeling around yourself, pay close attention to the passenger-controlled brakes. however, some wheelchairs come with handbrakes designed for the person pushing to control stopping. if you plan to carry items around, you should also consider adding on a wheelchair bag, which acts as a backpack. some wheelchairs come with a handy pouch that you can use for smaller items, such as keys or a cellphone. all the features on your wheelchair won\u2019t matter if it wears out only a few months after you buy it. some wheelchairs are built to last, with frames that can hold up even with constant use. rust resistance is another factor you\u2019ll see on some wheelchairs. others include special wheel bearings to keep the wheels reliably moving. since everyone is a different height and build, the right wheelchair can be a very individual decision. look for a wheelchair that can adjust for various heights, but it\u2019s also important to pay close attention to weight limits. while many wheelchairs can support up to 300 pounds, you\u2019ll find that some have an even lower limit, such as 250 pounds. also, pay attention to the placement of the foot and armrests since those can help determine whether a wheelchair is comfortable for its rider or not. with nearly 20 percent of the u.s. population having some type of disability, it\u2019s more important than ever that services be accessible to everyone. those wheelchair-accessible buildings and parks in your local area aren\u2019t the only ways this is happening, though. tech companies have realized the importance of accessibility as well. airbnb is building a feature into its app that will make it easier for disabled customers to find features such as wheelchair-accessible listings. not to be one-upped, google is also prioritizing accessibility, with an update to its maps that helps wheelchair-bound users to navigate areas. \u00a0ridesharing service uber is making progress in this area as well, with a feature called wav that will let customers hail a wheelchair-accessible vehicle as conveniently as any other type of vehicle attached to its service. stephanie faris is a novelist and professional writer who has written extensively on the topics of health and wellness, including work for some of the most well-respected health sites. she believes in the importance of staying fit and healthy and even uses a desk cycle to get in exercise while she works. dwym simplifies the research process by aggregating the reviews of the top product review sites. the result is the dwym score which represents the overall true rating of a product based upon a 1-10 scale. for the wheelchair category, we analyzed 35 of the most popular reviews including reviews from  and more. the result is a ranking of the best wheelchairs. recommendations are independently chosen by reviewed's editors. purchases made through the links below may earn us and our publishing partners a commission. reviewed's mission is to help you buy the best stuff and get the most out of what you already own. our team of product experts thoroughly vet every product we recommend to help you cut through the clutter and find what you need. this transport chair weighs around 15 pounds and is easily foldable.\n      read more. this transport wheelchair is heavy duty and sturdy for higher weights, though it is less mobile.\n      read more. this transport wheelchairs focuses on an ergonomic, lightweight design. it has special posture support technology.\n      read more. the move lite is an electric-powered transport wheelchair with adjustable controls.\n      read more. the blue streak transport chair offers push and manual options for capable drivers.\n      read more. there comes a point in most people\u2019s lives when they will need the help of a transport wheelchair. whether it\u2019s due to injury, illness, disability, or aging, many of us will eventually find mobility aids to be a necessity. however, you\u2019ll be glad to know the world of transport chairs extends well beyond the bulky, clinical seats found at most hospitals. with a huge variety of options on the market, consumers can choose a chair that meets their individual needs and gives them the mobility independence they seek.  \nwhether you want to prioritize a lightweight chair made for travel or a heavy-duty seat with electric capabilities and support for higher weight classes, there are countless wheelchairs on the market available to you. our personal favorite is the medline ultralight transport wheelchair, \n      (available at amazon for $149.98)\n    \n which is designed to be lightweight, thin, and portable. especially if basic transport is your main goal, it will serve those needs splendidly. that said, as we\u2019ll discuss below, there are lots of considerations to be made when selecting the very best transport wheelchair for you or your loved one.  \nwe rounded up the five best transport wheelchairs you can buy right now to help users and caregivers move safely and easily wherever they need to go. based on personal testing and customer reviews alike, these are the best wheelchairs for transportation in and outside the home.\neditor's note: the recommendations in this guide are based on thorough product and market research by our team of expert product reviewers. the picks are based on examining user reviews, product specifications, and, in some limited cases, our experience with the specific products named.\n\n\n\n\n\n\ncredit:\n              reviewed / anna wenner\n          \n\n\nthe medline ultralight transport wheelchair is small but extremely functional.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbest lightweight wheelchair\n\n        medline ultralight transport chair mds808200f\n      \n\none of the best lightest chairs on the market is the medline ultralight transport wheelchair, and, after personally testing it as a caregiver, it\u2019s easy to see why so many people love it.  \nweighing only 15 pounds, this option provides a safe way for users and helpers to bring the chair with them on the go. this is especially ideal for caregivers, who may not be the strongest people themselves, or who need to lift the chair in and out of a trunk often. no matter the destination, this chair is one you can easily take with you.  \nits width is another factor that makes this chair so unique. coming in at just 23.25 inches wide, this compact seat fits through most standard doorways with ease. navigating narrow store aisles can be a challenge with many transport chairs, but, with this one, it\u2019s a cinch. \nfor those who have trouble visualizing dimensions, the medline ultralight weighs about the same as most plastic shopping carts, is nearly the same width, and is significantly less deep. if you can push a shopping cart around a store, you should have no problem helping a user with this wheelchair.   \nwhile the ultralight\u2019s cushion isn\u2019t thick enough for long-term use without extra padding, for moving around the house or getting extra assistance elsewhere, its functionality is unmatched. its removable footrests allow it to fit into even the smallest sedan trunk, and, despite its small size, it can still support users up to 300 pounds (a standard for most transport chairs).  \nwhat it gains in formfactor, however, it loses a little in stability. even though the chair is safe and sturdy once the user is inside, some reviewers have cautioned that it\u2019s especially important to brace it while they sit down. because of this shortcoming, users who are likely to shift their weight unexpectedly while seated should probably consider a sturdier (and heavier) model.\n\n\n\n\n\npros\n\n\n\n              lightweight and compact\n            \n\n\n\n              fits through most doorways\n            \n\n\n\n              comparatively affordable\n            \n\n\n\n              adjustable/removable footrests\n            \n\n\n\n              works for most user heights\n            \n\n\n\n              table-height armrest design\n            \n\n\n\n\ncons\n\n\n\n              less sturdy than heavy-duty chairs\n            \n\n\n\n              thin seat cushion\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n$149.98 from amazon\n\n\n\n$193.73 from newegg\n\n\n\n$149.98 from walmart\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\ncredit:\n              reviewed / medline remedy\n          \n\n\nthe excel extra-wide wheelchair is a great option for folks who need more weight support.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbest bariatric wheelchair\n\n        medline excel bariatric wheelchair mds806700fla\n      \n\nmost transport chairs have a maximum weight limit of 300 pounds to 350 pounds. those who weigh more than this, want a sturdier chair, or just want some extra room to move will find the most success shopping for bariatric transport chairs. luckily, there are some great ones on the market. of these, the excel extra-wide wheelchair is one of the strongest.\nwhere some lightweight wheelchairs struggle with their potential to tip, this chair\u2019s 60-88 pound construction means it\u2019s much less likely to falter no matter how the user sits down or stands up. for extra comfort, anti-tippers can be purchased as well. with removable armrests, elevating footrests, and high-quality, durable materials, it\u2019s no surprise this chair is favored by many.  \none of the biggest disadvantages of the excel extra-wide is its lackluster design, which mirrors the standard wheelchairs one might find at a medical office. while this might be a dealbreaker to some users, the enhanced functionality of the chair offers far greater benefit despite its bland aesthetic.  \nthe weight and size of this chair can also make it difficult to fit into some cars and spaces when folded. while the tradeoff for security is worthwhile, if the person using the chair needs to move it themselves in and out of a car, this option may provide more challenges than it\u2019s worth.\n\n\n\n\n\npros\n\n\n\n              supports up to 500 pounds\n            \n\n\n\n              three size options\n            \n\n\n\n              easily cleaned / water resistant\n            \n\n\n\n              desk-length, removable armrests\n            \n\n\n\n              elevating leg rest\n            \n\n\n\n              fits through most doorways\n            \n\n\n\n\ncons\n\n\n\n              clinical look\n            \n\n\n\n              can\u2019t fit through narrow doors\n            \n\n\n\n              heavy and bulky for transporting\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n$827.28 from amazon\n\n\n\n$365.80 from walmart\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\ncredit:\n              reviewed / strongback mobility\n          \n\n\nthe strongback mobility excursion lightweight foldable transport chair is great for those who prioritize comfort needs above all else.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbest ergonomic wheelchair\n\n        strongback 8\n      \n\nfor those who need some extra back support, the strongback mobility excursion lightweight foldable transport chair is one of the best on the market. with strong ergonomic support, this chair encourages good posture while supporting the user in all the right places. with the help of a curved back and carefully designed angles, this thoughtfully built frame helps the user sit in a way that removes pressure from sensitive points, such as the back and buttocks. it\u2019s especially helpful to those who have stiffness or may be sitting in the chair for longer periods of time.  \nthis chair\u2019s highly adjustable nature means each user can customize its support to fit their needs perfectly. the thicker seat cushion also means no extra cushions need to be bought, and the user can enjoy the full ergonomic impact of the design. the inclusion of swing away footrests and armrests also provides the freedom to remove unnecessary supports during transfers.  \nits price is the biggest downside for the strongback chair, costing more than $700. however, if you need the support and can afford the investment, this chair is still a worthy buy.\n\n\n\n\n\npros\n\n\n\n              ergonomic\n            \n\n\n\n              adjustable back support\n            \n\n\n\n              stylish look\n            \n\n\n\n              under-desk height armrests\n            \n\n\n\n              removable footrests\n            \n\n\n\n              relatively lightweight\n            \n\n\n\n\ncons\n\n\n\n              comparatively expensive\n            \n\n\n\n              won\u2019t fit through most interior doors\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbuy now at amazon\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\ncredit:\n              reviewed / hover\n          \n\n\nthe move lite transport chair is electric and adaptable, but it's a comparatively pricey product.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbest electric wheelchair\n\n        hover move lite folding power chair\n      \n\nfor those who want to control their own movement but may not have the strength or stamina to use a self-propelled wheelchair, an electric transport chair provides a great alternative. the all-new move lite folding power chair is a great option specifically designed to meet those requirements.  \nweighing just 50 pounds, this chair is lighter than some manual options on this list. its ability to fold up also allows it to fit into most cars. because it\u2019s airline approved, it can even be taken on most planes when travelling.  \nother features that make this chair stand out are its removable seat covers, adjustable speed control, a safety horn, and a programmable controller. one feature that will please lefties is that its control can be mounted on either armrest, meaning your dominant hand can always be the one controlling movement.  \nwhile the cost of this move lite power chair is nothing unexpected for those familiar with electric wheelchairs, its $1,899 price tag might cause sticker shock for some.\n\n\n\n\n\npros\n\n\n\n              lightweight relative to other electric chairs\n            \n\n\n\n              foldable\n            \n\n\n\n              fits in most vehicles\n            \n\n\n\n              narrow enough for most interior doors\n            \n\n\n\n              easy travel on most terrains\n            \n\n\n\n              moveable armrests\n            \n\n\n\n\ncons\n\n\n\n              expensive relative to all transport chairs\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbuy now at amazon\n\n\n\n$1,899.00 from walmart\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\ncredit:\n              reviewed / drive medical\n          \n\n\nthe drive medical blue streak offers a fully manual design for those capable of pushing themselves.\n\n\n\n\n\n\nbest manual wheelchair\n\n        drive medical blue streak wheelchair bls18fbd-sf\n      \n\nthough most transport wheelchairs are assisted wheelchairs (meaning they are pushed by another person), self-propelled chairs like the drive medical blue streak ultra-lightweight wheelchair can offer a great outlet to someone who needs a chair but doesn\u2019t always need help with traversal.   \nthere are many manual wheelchairs out there that are better suited to long-term, frequent use. however, this chair was selected by users for its unique ability to function well as a self-propelled chair or an assisted chair.  \nwith handlebars on the back, a caregiver can easily help the user get from point a to point b when they are tired or the required distance is further than expected. however, with large rear wheels and the shift in brake placement, this chair is also suited for someone to get themselves around just fine. its nylon upholstery also makes the chair easy to clean even if you\u2019re the one sitting in it.   \nthe budget-friendly price is a huge plus for this product, as it comes in at just under $150. particularly if you only need a transport chair temporarily or for short trips, it\u2019s a great option to consider compared to its pricier competition.  \nweighing 40 pounds, the blue streak is one of the heavier models on this list, but, given its large wheels and stability for the user to move around as they direct the chair, the weight amounts to a worthwhile tradeoff if you can lift it. its compact size also means that it can fit in most cars and through most doorways, making it a good selection for a user on the go.\n\n\n\n\n\npros\n\n\n\n              self-propelled or assisted options\n            \n\n\n\n              fits in most cars and through most doorways\n            \n\n\n\n              comparatively affordable\n            \n\n\n\n              adjustable footrests and moveable armrests\n            \n\n\n\n\ncons\n\n\n\n              comparatively high weight\n            \n\n\n\n              shorter handlebars on back\n            \n\n\n\n              no cushion for seat\n            \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n$139.93 from amazon\n\n\n\n$167.00 from walmart\n\n\n\n\nwhat you should know about buying transport wheelchairs\nwhen trying to find the very best transport wheelchair, you'll first want to consider whether you\u2019re looking for a chair that can be primarily pushed by another, self-propelled, or a combination of the two. consider where you\u2019re planning to take the chair, including the terrain involved, and how much help the user will need to navigate that space.\n\n\n\n\n\ncredit:\n              reviewed / anna wenner\n          \n\n\nmake sure your transport chair meets all the travel and at-home needs of the user.\n\n\n\nif you\u2019re planning to use the chair mostly at home, measuring the relevant doorways becomes absolutely crucial. on the other hand, if use will only be during vacations or travel, the weight and foldable nature of the chair might be the most important factors, as these will make it easier to take the chair on the go.  \nconsider if the user needs to be able to get the chair folded down and into a vehicle, or if they\u2019ll have assistance with this. also remember to measure any tables or other pieces of furniture the user needs to be able to access, so you can ensure that the wheelchair accommodates them. \nlastly, consider the individual needs of the user. if the user is someone who might easily fall out of the transport chair, make sure it comes with a seatbelt. if the wheelchair user is someone who is likely to move a lot or could be a tipping risk, focus on sturdier heavy-duty designs. also invest in additions like anti-tippers that can be added to most mobility aids of this type.  \nwhenever possible, the user should test the chair before purchasing it to make sure all of its dimensions are comfortable, including but not limited to the width, back support, arm rests, foot rests, seat, and back height.   \ndoes medicare cover transport wheelchairs?\nin many cases, medicare part b should cover a large portion of the cost for a transport wheelchair, though a power chair requires a face-to-face meeting and strong assertion in a prescription that the power feature is medically necessary. \ngenerally speaking, a person pays 20% of the medicare-approved amount, so the entire cost of the transport chair will likely not be covered without help from an additional insurance provider. to learn more about medicare coverage for scooters, wheelchairs, and transport chairs, consult this official medicare documentation and talk to a primary care physician as necessary.  \nmore articles you might enjoy\n\n\nthe best shower chairs\n\n\nthe best non-slip crutch tips for ice and snow\n\n\nthis hip kit is a must-have item for any hip or joint surgery\n\nhere\u2019s where to find wheelchair backpacks for school. there comes a point in most people\u2019s lives when they will need the help of a transport wheelchair. whether it\u2019s due to injury, illness, disability, or aging, many of us will eventually find mobility aids to be a necessity. however, you\u2019ll be glad to know the world of transport chairs extends well beyond the bulky, clinical seats found at most hospitals. with a huge variety of options on the market, consumers can choose a chair that meets their individual needs and gives them the mobility independence they seek. whether you want to prioritize a lightweight chair made for travel or a heavy-duty seat with electric capabilities and support for higher weight classes, there are countless wheelchairs on the market available to you. our personal favorite is the medline ultralight transport wheelchair, \n      (available at amazon for $149.98)\n    \n which is designed to be lightweight, thin, and portable. especially if basic transport is your main goal, it will serve those needs splendidly. that said, as we\u2019ll discuss below, there are lots of considerations to be made when selecting the very best transport wheelchair for you or your loved one. we rounded up the five best transport wheelchairs you can buy right now to help users and caregivers move safely and easily wherever they need to go. based on personal testing and customer reviews alike, these are the best wheelchairs for transportation in and outside the home. editor's note: the recommendations in this guide are based on thorough product and market research by our team of expert product reviewers. the picks are based on examining user reviews, product specifications, and, in some limited cases, our experience with the specific products named. the medline ultralight transport wheelchair is small but extremely functional. one of the best lightest chairs on the market is the medline ultralight transport wheelchair, and, after personally testing it as a caregiver, it\u2019s easy to see why so many people love it. weighing only 15 pounds, this option provides a safe way for users and helpers to bring the chair with them on the go. this is especially ideal for caregivers, who may not be the strongest people themselves, or who need to lift the chair in and out of a trunk often. no matter the destination, this chair is one you can easily take with you. its width is another factor that makes this chair so unique. coming in at just 23.25 inches wide, this compact seat fits through most standard doorways with ease. navigating narrow store aisles can be a challenge with many transport chairs, but, with this one, it\u2019s a cinch. for those who have trouble visualizing dimensions, the medline ultralight weighs about the same as most plastic shopping carts, is nearly the same width, and is significantly less deep. if you can push a shopping cart around a store, you should have no problem helping a user with this wheelchair. while the ultralight\u2019s cushion isn\u2019t thick enough for long-term use without extra padding, for moving around the house or getting extra assistance elsewhere, its functionality is unmatched. its removable footrests allow it to fit into even the smallest sedan trunk, and, despite its small size, it can still support users up to 300 pounds (a standard for most transport chairs). what it gains in formfactor, however, it loses a little in stability. even though the chair is safe and sturdy once the user is inside, some reviewers have cautioned that it\u2019s especially important to brace it while they sit down. because of this shortcoming, users who are likely to shift their weight unexpectedly while seated should probably consider a sturdier (and heavier) model. lightweight and compact. fits through most doorways. comparatively affordable. adjustable/removable footrests. works for most user heights. table-height armrest design. less sturdy than heavy-duty chairs. the excel extra-wide wheelchair is a great option for folks who need more weight support. most transport chairs have a maximum weight limit of 300 pounds to 350 pounds. those who weigh more than this, want a sturdier chair, or just want some extra room to move will find the most success shopping for bariatric transport chairs. luckily, there are some great ones on the market. of these, the excel extra-wide wheelchair is one of the strongest. where some lightweight wheelchairs struggle with their potential to tip, this chair\u2019s 60-88 pound construction means it\u2019s much less likely to falter no matter how the user sits down or stands up. for extra comfort, anti-tippers can be purchased as well. with removable armrests, elevating footrests, and high-quality, durable materials, it\u2019s no surprise this chair is favored by many. one of the biggest disadvantages of the excel extra-wide is its lackluster design, which mirrors the standard wheelchairs one might find at a medical office. while this might be a dealbreaker to some users, the enhanced functionality of the chair offers far greater benefit despite its bland aesthetic. the weight and size of this chair can also make it difficult to fit into some cars and spaces when folded. while the tradeoff for security is worthwhile, if the person using the chair needs to move it themselves in and out of a car, this option may provide more challenges than it\u2019s worth. supports up to 500 pounds. easily cleaned / water resistant. desk-length, removable armrests. fits through most doorways. can\u2019t fit through narrow doors. heavy and bulky for transporting. the strongback mobility excursion lightweight foldable transport chair is great for those who prioritize comfort needs above all else. for those who need some extra back support, the strongback mobility excursion lightweight foldable transport chair is one of the best on the market. with strong ergonomic support, this chair encourages good posture while supporting the user in all the right places. with the help of a curved back and carefully designed angles, this thoughtfully built frame helps the user sit in a way that removes pressure from sensitive points, such as the back and buttocks. it\u2019s especially helpful to those who have stiffness or may be sitting in the chair for longer periods of time. this chair\u2019s highly adjustable nature means each user can customize its support to fit their needs perfectly. the thicker seat cushion also means no extra cushions need to be bought, and the user can enjoy the full ergonomic impact of the design. the inclusion of swing away footrests and armrests also provides the freedom to remove unnecessary supports during transfers. its price is the biggest downside for the strongback chair, costing more than $700. however, if you need the support and can afford the investment, this chair is still a worthy buy. adjustable back support. under-desk height armrests. relatively lightweight. comparatively expensive. won\u2019t fit through most interior doors. the move lite transport chair is electric and adaptable, but it's a comparatively pricey product. for those who want to control their own movement but may not have the strength or stamina to use a self-propelled wheelchair, an electric transport chair provides a great alternative. the all-new move lite folding power chair is a great option specifically designed to meet those requirements. weighing just 50 pounds, this chair is lighter than some manual options on this list. its ability to fold up also allows it to fit into most cars. because it\u2019s airline approved, it can even be taken on most planes when travelling. other features that make this chair stand out are its removable seat covers, adjustable speed control, a safety horn, and a programmable controller. one feature that will please lefties is that its control can be mounted on either armrest, meaning your dominant hand can always be the one controlling movement. while the cost of this move lite power chair is nothing unexpected for those familiar with electric wheelchairs, its $1,899 price tag might cause sticker shock for some. lightweight relative to other electric chairs. fits in most vehicles. narrow enough for most interior doors. easy travel on most terrains. expensive relative to all transport chairs. the drive medical blue streak offers a fully manual design for those capable of pushing themselves. though most transport wheelchairs are assisted wheelchairs (meaning they are pushed by another person), self-propelled chairs like the drive medical blue streak ultra-lightweight wheelchair can offer a great outlet to someone who needs a chair but doesn\u2019t always need help with traversal. there are many manual wheelchairs out there that are better suited to long-term, frequent use. however, this chair was selected by users for its unique ability to function well as a self-propelled chair or an assisted chair. with handlebars on the back, a caregiver can easily help the user get from point a to point b when they are tired or the required distance is further than expected. however, with large rear wheels and the shift in brake placement, this chair is also suited for someone to get themselves around just fine. its nylon upholstery also makes the chair easy to clean even if you\u2019re the one sitting in it. the budget-friendly price is a huge plus for this product, as it comes in at just under $150. particularly if you only need a transport chair temporarily or for short trips, it\u2019s a great option to consider compared to its pricier competition. weighing 40 pounds, the blue streak is one of the heavier models on this list, but, given its large wheels and stability for the user to move around as they direct the chair, the weight amounts to a worthwhile tradeoff if you can lift it. its compact size also means that it can fit in most cars and through most doorways, making it a good selection for a user on the go. self-propelled or assisted options. fits in most cars and through most doorways. comparatively affordable. adjustable footrests and moveable armrests. comparatively high weight. shorter handlebars on back. when trying to find the very best transport wheelchair, you'll first want to consider whether you\u2019re looking for a chair that can be primarily pushed by another, self-propelled, or a combination of the two. consider where you\u2019re planning to take the chair, including the terrain involved, and how much help the user will need to navigate that space. make sure your transport chair meets all the travel and at-home needs of the user. if you\u2019re planning to use the chair mostly at home, measuring the relevant doorways becomes absolutely crucial. on the other hand, if use will only be during vacations or travel, the weight and foldable nature of the chair might be the most important factors, as these will make it easier to take the chair on the go. consider if the user needs to be able to get the chair folded down and into a vehicle, or if they\u2019ll have assistance with this. also remember to measure any tables or other pieces of furniture the user needs to be able to access, so you can ensure that the wheelchair accommodates them. lastly, consider the individual needs of the user. if the user is someone who might easily fall out of the transport chair, make sure it comes with a seatbelt. if the wheelchair user is someone who is likely to move a lot or could be a tipping risk, focus on sturdier heavy-duty designs. also invest in additions like anti-tippers that can be added to most mobility aids of this type. whenever possible, the user should test the chair before purchasing it to make sure all of its dimensions are comfortable, including but not limited to the width, back support, arm rests, foot rests, seat, and back height. in many cases, medicare part b should cover a large portion of the cost for a transport wheelchair, though a power chair requires a face-to-face meeting and strong assertion in a prescription that the power feature is medically necessary. generally speaking, a person pays 20% of the medicare-approved amount, so the entire cost of the transport chair will likely not be covered without help from an additional insurance provider. to learn more about medicare coverage for scooters, wheelchairs, and transport chairs, consult this official medicare documentation and talk to a primary care physician as necessary. contributor (she/her). anna wenner is a freelance writer and photographer with experience in journalism and product development. she has photographed everything from the ncaa tournament to president barack obama and always loves a new challenge. based on personal experience, her content at reviewed focuses on neurodivergence and senior care. when not creating, anna can usually be found exploring national parks, playing video games, or curled up under a blanket reading. anna wenner is a freelance writer and photographer with experience in journalism and product development. she has photographed everything from the ncaa tournament to president barack obama and always loves a new challenge. based on personal experience, her content at reviewed focuses on neurodivergence and senior care. when not creating, anna can usually be found exploring national parks, playing video games, or curled up under a blanket reading. our team is here for one purpose: to help you buy the best stuff and love what you own. our writers, editors, and lab technicians obsess over the products we cover to make sure you're confident and satisfied. have a different opinion about something we recommend? email us and we'll compare notes. \u00a92023 reviewed, a division of gannett satellite information network llc. all rights reserved.\n  \n  recommendations are independently chosen by reviewed's editors. purchases made through the links below may earn us and our publishing partners a commission. javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser. the reason why the weight of a wheelchair is essential is that the lighter the chair the easier it is to lift into a car, bus or train, self propel, and push the user. most economic wheelchairs that cost under $300, weigh as much as 35 lbs. and are super heavy to lift into a car or for traveling. these five lightweight wheelchairs that we recommend here are all under 25 lbs. and some as light at 13 lbs. ! after selling wheelchairs for over 20 years and to over a million customers, we at 1800wheelcair, are sharing with you the 5 best lightweight wheelchairs that we and our customers have found to be the lightest and the best for the user and the caregiver to be more active in this beautiful world we live in. feather chair is our all-time best selling lightweight wheelchair. at only 13 lbs., the feather chair is the world's lightest wheelchair! it's so cleverly designed that the rear wheels pop off and the backrest of the chair folds down smoothly to allow for super tight storage. the feather chair also has many seat and back overlay cushions options in different colors, to dress up your wheelchair for different occasions. but the reason this is our top selling and most loved lightweight wheelchair is because of the lightness of the chair - at 13lbs. nothing comes close!. the feather chair was designed with the latest in aluminum design and technology, making it super light but yet strong to withstand the elements and the stress of moving in and out of cars, shopping malls, and restaurants. with the feather chair, our customers are experiencing freedom. now they can travel anywhere and spend more time with the people they love. hd featherweight xl is our number 2 best selling lightweight wheelchair. the featherweight xl is hands down the lightest wide seat wheelchair on the planet. if you weigh up to 350 lbs and need a 22\u201d wide seat don't look any further. practically every other wide seat - heavy capacity wheelchairs will weigh around 40 - 45 lbs. making it almost impossible to lift into a car or travel with it. the featherweight xl weighs only 19 lbs.! it's crazy how light it is. this chair\u2019s wheels pop off and the seatback will fold for extra compatibility when storing it in a car, bus, train, or closet. this has become our top-selling wide wheelchair. its sld to both individuals living at homes, institutions, amusement parks, and airports. the strongback ergonomic lightweight wheelchair is our third best selling lightweight wheelchair. although the strongback is not as light as the feather chair, the strongback weighs in at only 25 lbs. which is way lighter than 90% of all wheelchairs. what we and our customers love most about the strongback is that both the seat and the back are ergonomic! as they mimic the natural curvature of the seat and back of the body. our back and neck muscles weaken as we age and sit in a wheelchair. the strongback lightweight wheelchair\u2019s back curves support the thoracic portion of the spine and it supports the lumbar curve that will keep the user comfortable and upright. another benefit of the strongback is that it's designed with the rear of the seat tilted down that prevents the user from falling out and promotes an upright posture. something that no other wheelchair does. the strongback wheelchair also comes in a transport chair, with a smaller-wheels option. that weight is only 22 lbs. honorable mention:strongback ergonomic lightweight comfort transport chair. the featherweight travel wheelchair - 13lbs. is the lightest transport wheelchair of all time! it weighs only 13 lbs. and it's super economical! this transport chair makes it easy to propel and push, and because its only 13 lbs. anyone can lift this chair into a car, suv, truck, airplane, or wherever you please! the featherweight travel wheelchair - 13lbs. als folds down into a very compact package so you can easily take it with you wherever you need it. there are a few drawbacks to all transport chairs. the featherweight travel wheelchair - 13lbs. has four small wheels making it a transport chair and not great to go over large bumps for extended periods of travel. it also has no back or seat support so after some time the user will slouch and sitting on a sling seat for so long can cause pain and lead to ulcers unless you enhance the seat with a strong cushion. if you are going on a short trip there is no other transport chair we would recommend. the quickie 2 was invented by marilyn hamilton in 1978 after she was left paraplegic in a hand gliding accident marilyn reach our to hand glider designers to build the fist performance wheelchair. think of a hand glider or a performance race bike and turning these super lightweight - high-performance materials into a wheelchair and the quickie 2 was born! the quickie 2 weighs 25 lbs. - 28 lbs.depending on your chair. but it makes up for it in its performance and customization. quickie 2 is custom build for the user. it has had over 100,000 customizations and over 28 custom colors. you can literally choose every measurement and feature on this chair! including the seat and back width, depth, fabric seat-to- floor hight, front casters, and rear wheels, and of course the color. your custom quickie 2 will fit you like a glove and function like a hi-performance race bike. address: 321 route 59 #147tallman, ny 10982 usa. open 9am - 8pm est monday-friday9am - 4pm est saturday-sunday. address: 321 route 59 #147tallman, ny 10982 usa. open 9am - 8pm est monday-friday9am - 4pm est saturday-sunday. bestreviews is reader-supported and may earn an affiliate commission.\n           details. an excellent chair with superior customer ratings for comfort and durability. the best deal on the market. lightweight yet sturdy. great details, including padded, anti-bacterial seat and ergonomic contouring. expensive. quick-release wheels can be tricky to operate. this lightweight wheelchair has a compact design and a durable build. weighs less than 15 pounds, measures 19 by 16 inches, and has a 300-pound weight capacity. has armrests that let the user sit closer to dining tables and padded upholstery for superior comfort. it only has wheel-level brakes which is inconvenient for those used to handlebar brakes. trades off some features, like adjustable foot and armrests, for an extremely lightweight design. light enough at 24 pounds to lift easily into a vehicle. offers a smooth ride either at home or on sidewalks. wheels are small. handwheels are uncomfortable for some. front wheels are a bit wobbly. this inexpensive but reliable wheelchair is simple to operate. bright blue frame. dependable, solid tires. users revered this chair for its lightweight and easy-to-use design. \"desk-length\" is the only arm choice. occasional complaints about product quality and durability. small and light enough to fit into a car trunk, but sturdy and comfortable for its size. sturdy build and comparatively lightweight at 45 pounds. versatile configuration with movable arm and leg rests. adjustable leg rests are a big help. lacks shock absorbers, so rolling outside can be bumpy. leg rest cushions can detach after a few weeks. we recommend these products based on an intensive research process that's designed to cut through the noise and find the top products in this space. guided by experts, we spend hours looking into the factors that matter, to bring you these selections. though electric wheelchairs offer tremendous advantages for those with long-term mobility issues, a self-propelled wheelchair is a better option in terms of cost and portability for many.\u00a0for example, a person recovering from a broken leg has only a short-term need for assistance; buying a self-propelled wheelchair could actually be more cost-effective than renting one in this scenario. ask yourself the following questions before you buy a wheelchair. your answers will help guide you toward the right wheelchair choice. the answer to this question dictates the size and type of wheelchair required. a larger user may require a wheelchair with a sturdier frame, whereas a smaller user (like a child) might be able to get by with a lighter frame. if the wheelchair will be used on flat terrain or an indoor environment, a non-electric wheelchair could serve your purposes. \u00a0for rough outside terrain or sports use, however, a sturdier wheelchair with durable wheels would be necessary. many basic wheelchairs are lightweight and compact, so they're easy to take from place to place. some wheelchairs are even collapsible; this is convenient if you\u2019ll be traveling in a vehicle or on a plane with the wheelchair. most basic non-electric wheelchair models share some common features. you'll want to consider the following when browsing different units. if you want a wheelchair that\u2019s easy to transport, look for a chair that can collapse in on itself. this makes the wheelchair much easier to carry and store. most wheelchairs include footrests. some footrests are permanently attached; others can be pushed out of the way. armrests are a part of the package, but some are more comfortable than others. if comfort is a concern, look for a wheelchair with extra arm padding. if you can\u2019t test a wheelchair before buying it, you should at least check out what others have to say about its comfort and overall quality. a poorly designed chair can cause back pain and other discomforts. lightweight wheelchairs are easier to move and navigate whether they are being propelled by the user or someone else. make sure the chair you choose doesn't put additional strain on your body by requiring too much force to move it. there are several wheelchair types available on the market that suit a variety of needs. this type of wheelchair gives the user a choice between being pushed and manually propelling the wheelchair. standard non-electric wheelchairs are usually more durable than transport wheelchairs. they also tend to be lighter and more maneuverable. power wheelchairs run on electricity; they do not require physical strength to move. this type of wheelchair is intended for users with more severe disabilities. this type of wheelchair is often used in hospitals to transport patients from one place to another. the user cannot manually move this kind of chair; someone else must push it to propel it forward. transport wheelchairs are usually very basic with few, if any, bells and whistles. a sports wheelchair is suitable for active individuals who require superior mobility. this type of wheelchair is ultra-light and maneuverable. if you\u2019ll be making quick, agile movements, this could be the right choice for you. a folding wheelchair is an excellent choice for short-term use. if you're not sure whether you need footrests, opt for a wheelchair with a footrest component that can easily swing out of the way. if your home, workplace, or school has narrow doorways, make sure your chosen wheelchair is small enough to fit through them. if you will often be maneuvering your wheelchair over uneven terrain, consider getting a wheelchair with some kind of suspension system. renting a wheelchair is certainly an option if you'll be needing it for only a short period of time. q. how much does a wheelchair cost? a. the cost of a wheelchair ranges from approximately $100 to $800. pricier wheelchairs will be lighter, heartier, and easier to move. transport models are usually priced lower than most other units. powered wheelchairs tend to cost the most money. q. is purchasing a used wheelchair a good option? a. if you\u2019re on a tight budget and your health insurance won\u2019t help you purchase a new wheelchair, you may be tempted to buy a used wheelchair. however, you'll want to make sure the wheelchair is in working order before committing to the purchase. make sure the tires are still functional, the upholstery is still in good condition, and the chair fits your body comfortably. q. is it essential to get fitted for a wheelchair? a. yes, this is a crucial step to take if you\u2019re buying a new wheelchair. getting a good fit is extremely important for your comfort and long-term physical health. an improperly fitted wheelchair could end up being the root cause of all sorts of aches and pains. ask an expert to help you with selection and fit. q. i no longer have a use for the wheelchair in my home. what are my options? a. you could try to sell your used wheelchair. alternatively, you could donate it. many hospitals and other healthcare facilities gladly welcome wheelchair donations. q. why choose a standard non-electric wheelchair over a powered one? a. for people who don't require additional assistance, a non-powered wheelchair provides much better control. non-electric chairs are usually lighter and can fit in places a powered chair cannot. they are also much more economical. combo dealsdiscount prices!\n\n\n\n\n\nfreewheel + off road wheelslearn more\n\n\n\n\n\nicon 60 + freewheel + off roadlearn more\n\n\n\n\n\ninvictus active trainer + scaleslearn more. freewheel + off road wheels. icon 60 + freewheel + off road. invictus active trainer + scales. lose weight, boost your fitness or improve your training to win medals with our trainers.\n\n\n\n\n\nactivelearn more\n\n\n\n\n\nracinglearn more\n\n\n\n\n\ncourtlearn more. lose weight, boost your fitness or improve your training to win medals with our trainers. top wheelchair brands\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nmanual & power wheelchairs\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tprogeo joker\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquickie nitrum\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquickie neon\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquickie krypton\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tkuschall champion 2.0\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tkuschall k-series 2.0\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\ttilite zra\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquickie q100 r\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquickie q200 r\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquickie q300 m mini\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquickie q400 m sedeo lite\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tview all wheelchairs\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n \n\n\n\n \n\n\n\n \n\n\n\n \n\n\n\n \n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nfree home demonstration. top wheelchair brands. manual & power wheelchairs. attachmentsimprove your ability and explore the outdoors with these fantastic attachments.\n\n\n\n\n\nfreewheel attachmentlearn more\n\n\n\n\n\ntriride power attachmentlearn more\n\n\n\n\n\nsmoov power assistlearn more. improve your ability and explore the outdoors with these fantastic attachments. triride power attachment. wheelchair scaleseasily weigh yourself from your wheelchair and take control of your weight.\n\n\n\nheavy duty digital wheelchair scales\n\n\n\n\n\nlow profile aluminium platform\n\n\n\n\n\nbattery or mains operated\n\n\n\n\n\npre-tare function to save wheelchair weight\n\n\n\n\n\nlarge lcd display\n\n\n\n\n\nwheels on one end for transport\n\n\n\n\n\nsuitable for manual or electric wheelchair\n\n\n\n\n\nsuitable for medical / commercial use\n\n\nlearn more. easily weigh yourself from your wheelchair and take control of your weight. wheelchair wheelswheels for all occasions and every terrain.\n\n\n\n\n\noff roadlearn more\n\n\n\n\n\nbeachlearn more\n\n\n\n\n\neverydaylearn more\n\n\n\n\n\ncasterslearn more. wheels for all occasions and every terrain. accessoriesthose essential parts and accessories to keep you running smoothly.\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\tessentials\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tquick release axels\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tinner tubes\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\twheelchair tyres\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tpresta schrader adapter\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\tlifestyle solutions...\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tpush over gravel easily\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tburn calories & lose weight\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\t\t\timprove\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tgrippy pushrim covers\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tlight up caster wheels\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tairman wheel pump\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tpuncture proof tyres\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\timprove sitting posture\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tstop getting punctures\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\tthe best wheelchair brakes\t\t\t\t\t\t\t\n\n\n\n\nmost popular\n\n\n \n\n\n\t\t\t\tquick release wheelchair pins\t\t\t\n\u00a318.00 \u2013 \u00a336.00\n\n\n\n\n\n\n \n\n\n\t\t\t\tinvictus active trainer\t\t\t\nrated 5.00 out of 5 \u00a3799.00 \u2013 \u00a31,088.00\n\n\n\n\n\n\n \n\n\n\t\t\t\tschwalbe marathon plus tyres\t\t\t\n\u00a338.00 \u2013 \u00a3245.70. those essential parts and accessories to keep you running smoothly. improve fitness & health. start, maintain or improve your fitness and health as a wheelchair user. exercise is for everyone and we have the solution to suit your individual goals. we have helped 100's of people worldwide already - what are you waiting for! as a wheelchair user, having the lifestyle you want can be challenging sometimes. here at invictus active we develop solutions to help solve the problems of independence and access, making life that little easier. continue your rehabilitation and improve over time with the best equipment available. whether you are someone looking to rehab a current injury, you're getting used to a new way of life or an athlete looking to improve, we can provide solutions. latest from\ninvictus active. articles, case studies and interesting (hopefully!) blog posts covering all of our exceptional products and more. about us\n\n\n\n\n\nvat exemption\n\n\n\n\n\ninvictus poem\n\n\n\n\n\nlive workouts\n\n\n\n\n\nvideos + photos. there is a huge choice of best active user manual wheelchairs \u2013 and an important choice it is. everyone has a different opinion and there are many factors to consider. the following is what we hope is some helpful information, from the best of 2023\u2026. what makes a good wheelchair? a best active user manual wheelchairs is what they fits you perfect and enables you to be active! we can ensure your measurements are perfect and the wheelchair suits you, just call or email us today. if you\u2019d like to find out more or obtain prices for any of these wheelchairs then please get in touch. we typically reply within a few hours. amy visited us looking for her first active user wheelchair \u2013 having been given a very basic folding manual wheelchair from the nhs which she was struggling to use. after a full assessment looking at amy\u2019s needs she decided to go for a kuschall k series 2.0 \u2013 along with a freewheel attachment and off road wheels. the transformation is huge which you can see in this video and amy is now sitting much better and looking great \u2013 she can also walk her dogs with ease! what size and measurements do i need?\nwe make it easy\u2026. fully bespoke service & measurement. looking to keep fit?\nultimate wheelchair fitness machine. you can visit us at the showroom wolverhampton to view all of our wheelchair offer and bespoke measuring service. we typically reply within a few hours. freewheel wheelchair attachment\nthe best wheelchair accessory. lightweight folding wheelchair | second hand used manual wheelchairs |\nhow to get a wheelchair for free | nhs wheelchairs | self propelled wheelchair | quickie puma wheelchair | comfortable everyday wheelchair | best rigid wheelchair | payment plan for my wheelchair. would you like\nto know more? please complete the form below and we will contact you directly to\nanswer any questions that you may have. we typically reply within a few hours. info@invictusactive.com. all questions answered. straight to your door. invictus active lifestyle solutions. tel: 0800 832 1916 | info@invictusactive.com. username or email address\u00a0*. lost your password?\n\n remember me. no spam, just savings. read our privacy policy for more info. buy now for 100% free shipping - \u2713 save 6% with code sky6 [limited time]. have a question? call us. mon-sat 9:00am-5:00pm. have a question? call us. (855) 244-4712mon-sat 9am-5pm central. the ultra-lightweight electric wheelchair is a portable version of a standard motorized wheelchair that is designed for people with limited mobility who like to travel. they are similar in appearance to manual wheelchairs, but have a control unit usually mounted on the armrest. they can be easily folded or disassembled for storage in the trunk of a car, making them ideal for people who don't own or have access to a wheelchair-accessible vehicle. the skyward medical team has assessed data on about 50 products from top brands and factored in features such as price, weight, maximum weight capacity, travel range, top travel speed, and portability to choose the best lightweight electric wheelchairs for seniors. the team selected the top ultra-lightweight electric wheelchairs for seniors by reviewing data on around 50 products from leading brands. the selection criteria included:. feather mobility featherweight power chair- 33 lbs. this ultra-lightweight electric wheelchair is a great option for those who frequently travel. its lightweight and compact design makes it easy to store in a car or on an airplane. additionally, its high travel speed of 3.7 miles per hour and long battery life of 13 miles without needing to be recharged make it a convenient and efficient option for getting around. the chair is also made of durable lightweight aluminum alloy, making it both sturdy and easy to maneuver. comfygo mobility majestic iq-9000 long range electric wheelchair with recline (17.5\u201d or 20\u201d wide seat). the comfygo iq 9000 is not only a comfortable ride, with a padded seat, backrest and headrest, its frame and cushions can be customized to your liking, with different color options. you also have the ability to get a 17.5\" or 20\" seat. bangeran phoenix ultra lightweight folding electric wheelchair. we like the phoenix ultra-lightweight electric wheelchair by bangeran because of its affordability compared to the other options. however, you aren't missing out on much of the benefits ultra-lightweight electric wheelchairs bring. it only weighs 42 lbs. and can be customized with different colored cushions including, red, green and orange. jbh dc01 carbon fiber folding electric wheelchair. the dc01 by jbh is a unique ultra-lightweight electric wheelchair in that it weighs only 39.6 lbs. and has a weight capacity of 352 lbs. this chair can be considered a hybrid in that it qualifies as a heavy-duty electric wheelchair because of its weight capacity, while also being an ultra-lightweight electric wheelchair. ultra-lightweight electric wheelchairs are ideal for seniors, or those with mild mobility issues. however, those struggling with severe mobility impairments are recommended to consider the heavier models. additionally, they are generally more affordable and energy efficient. they are also ideal for \"major excursions\" like visiting a zoo or mall. they are easy to store and transport, making them convenient for everyday use. overall, ultra-lightweight electric wheelchairs can provide independence, convenience, and accessibility for seniors and individuals with mild mobility issues. when shopping for an ultra-lightweight electric wheelchair, it's important to consider the following factors:. 6615 prairie flower trail, dallas, texas, 75227. support@skywardmedical.com. mon-sat 9:00am-5:00pm (cst). join our email list for the latest news. \u00a9 2023 skywardmedical. \u00a9 2023 skywardmedical. i have a tilite tra currently, and will almost certainly go for a tr on my next chair. i had a quickie helium for my last chair and while i liked it, it didn't offer the same customisability in ordering that tilite does - like the ergonomic seat shape and the frame length being different to the seat length. plus titanium of course! i also like the shape of the tr/tra because it adds extra strength to the chair by having that extra bar, and i put my chair through a lot (like bumping down stairs for example)! i went with the tra over the tr to have that additional adjustability, by the time i need a new chair i expect i'll know exactly what i like to get a fully welded framemy helium ended up being totally and utterly unsuited for me by the end of its 6 year life, but that's more down to my needs changing than anything else, although it's a little bit down to being sold on a highly specific chair configuration. when i got it i wanted the frame to be as compact as possible for example, and was happy to tuck my feet underneath me with quite an extreme bend on my ankles... that was really unsustainable though i have a ti-lite zra. i was self funding and really wanted a chair with a bare metal finish for minimal chips and looking nice after extended use. i also wanted fold in sideguards. i do a standing transfer so the sharp edge wasn't an issue, i just didn't want loose pieces to loose or bulky sides when folded. the zra did everything i wanted at the best price and i'm still very happy with it after 6 years of part time use.next time, i'll probably get a tr, i'll have figured out my setup so can have more things welded. the tr is a little lighter, and you can still adjust the cog so it looks good to me. i have a quickie ti titanium. i've been using it for over 20 years and besides maintenance stuff (i've replaced the casters, wheels and upholstery simply due to wear) i'd buy one again....but alas they don't make them anymore. i don't believe quickie makes any titanium chairs anymore.interesting story, i used to do a lot of aircraft and airshow photography. i was once at a sunrise pre show (before the general public is allowed in) and i met a guy who was an aircraft fabricator and specialized in welding titanium. he stopped me to chat and said he (or his team) welded my chair as sunrise medical used his company that typically does aircraft fabrication to weld up quickie titanium frames. he told me if i ever had a problem i could blame him. of course that was 20 years ago and i have no way to contact him anyway, but it was a nice testimony to the pride of workmanship. kuschall champion sk. pretty much cos of the folding mechanism. i wanted a folding chair cos i figured it would be most convenient for travel. came across the champion and i thought it looked neat. turns out my instincts were pretty good cos more conventional folding frames wouldn't have worked well for me while the champion is awesome. it folds up really easily and compactly and when you're using it it feels more like a rigid frame. before that it was a cheap second hand folding electric. like you pulled out the heavy batteries and folded the frame and stuff. that's literally cos it was cheap and available. i was getting it for a holiday mostly and renting a scooter would have ended up pretty much the same cost but be bulky and not with me at the airport and after the trip. so i went for that. i picked that one over other options cos it had a built in table. like one of the arm rests came out as a mini table like at lecture halls. it was pretty handy and i got asked about it a lot. i have a tr with a fixed back. it\u2019s light and incredibly durable due to the small number of screws and moving parts. i've got both a manual and a powerchair.my manual is a carbon fibre apex from motion composites. it's got a fold-up single footplate, spinergy wheels and their surge lt natural fit handrims with (if i remember right) schwalbe tires, nxt backrest/cushion and one of the roho seat cushions. the colour highlights are orange. it's not perfect but for my first chair it turned out pretty well and i love it---it's light so easy for me to maneuver and using it indoors is like floating almost because it just glides. right now this is my indoor everyday/short distances/doctor's appointment chair as it is much easier to use indoors. i'd eventually like to use it more outdoors but that'll take some adjustments and tire/front caster size changes i think. also admittedly need to get in shape more lol.my powerchair is nothing super fancy/it's an older model (quickie 323) but the thing's a tank. it's my 'hauling stuff home from the grocery store/oh god it's snowing/need to go long-distances' chair. the seat leans forward/backward but that's about the only fancy piece of electronics on it. footplate is just a standard metal single footplate. motion composites apex. it's my second chair post injury and the second time i've gone with motion composites. it's a very light frame with great adjustability, something that was important to me as i'm still kind of a newer user only being in a chair for a couple years. this time around i was very picky with all of the things i wanted and this chair just happened to have it all for me. i have tried other chairs, but like the apex. i'm also a fan of the carbon fiber bits and of course the look. it's definitely an eye catcher in a good way. matched with my chosen back rest and cushion, it's been perfect for me, and if i need any little adjustments, i can do it easily. i have a power chair. its a pride hd. when the technician arrived with it he was supprised that this was the one they chose because i wasnt as big weight wise as the chair called for. i often wish i had a manual for just runnin to mailbox n things and my power chair for more long distances. dont get me wrong i love my hd and its nice when i have my grandson with me. permobil f5 (non-vs) as it has great overall comfort, reliability, seat functionality, 14\u201d seat lift and speed 7.5 mph. i have all seat functions except standing (vs=vertical stander) although this can be added aftermarket.  permobil is far and away the best, in my experience. your dme may try to discourage you from getting one but stay firm and get the chair you want that suits your needs. kuschall k-series carbon. because i dropped lucky and the rep had a brand new never used demochair (the person cancelled the order) with my exact measurements! it saved me several hundred pounds. i\u2019m a weird size too, so i was pretty fucking chuffed\ud83e\udd72\ud83d\ude02 they all have their pros and cons. the best brand/model is the right one for you and that varies from one individual to another. personally i really like my ki mobility ethos, but that might not be the right choice for someone looking for a light chair. it really depends on your needs and limitations. the best advice i can give is to see your doctor for a referral to occupational or physical therapy for a wheelchair evaluation. they can properly assess you and give you an idea of what you need and what your insurance will cover. love my titanium tilite zra, great rigid ultralight manual chair depends on what you are looking for and how much you/your insurance are willing to pay. i love my tilite zra. rkg is another brand i hear a lot about. i used to have a quickie q7 and it lasted 10 years with regular maintenance. i would recommend a ultra light weight chair. just as strong as any other chair. the best one is one that\u2019s been recommended and fitted specifically for your level of function and needs by a dme and pt. there are popular brands, but not a standard \u201cgood\u201d that will work for everyone. i've had good results with my tilite aero z. it's kind of like the zra but it's made of aluminum instead of titanium. i never got to test out a titanium chair so i don't know how much of a difference it actually makes. there's pros and cons to both. most important thing is working out what's important for you. that way you can focus on which brands and models are better for your needs.              the way i would suggest doing it is by making a bit of a list of your needs. work out what the main ones are and look for what chairs are best for that. then from there work out which of those suit your best.          so for me being compact and easy to transport was the main thing. that meant a folding frame and light enough for me to lift. so i could already ignore any rigid and non-lightweight frames. and from looking into different folding frames i found one chair really stood out for me.       the kuschall champion (and champion sk) have a pretty unique folding mechanism that means the chair sort of fold in instead of up how those x frames do (look it up and i'm sure it will make more sense than my discription). from there i made sure to find a mobility shop that stocked it, discussed and tried some other options and ended up getting the sk.                  i hope that helps a bit. oh and some brands i hear of a lot are kuschall, quickie and tilite. if you check out a few mobility shop websites and stuff you should get a feel for some of the main brands. it could also matter what ones you can find near you. my mobility shop is a while away and i can only get there if somebody gives me a lift so getting it fixed or anything would be a bit of a pain since that's the place that can get the right parts in. there are some brands that aren't so common in different areas so you may find it better to stick to one of the more common ones near you.            or it is possible to get some more customised stuff done. i think that's more for people who really know what they want cos it can be quite expensive and i think not have much options for later adjustment. but i know there are at least some places that will do far more custom models that are a bit of a frankenstein build with parts from different brands etc. if that's interesting to you i think wheels 2 walking on youtube has a video about one place and their process for getting a custom chair.      but yeah for a first chair or if you don't really have any super specific needs (or for nhs/ insurance) i'd probably stick to the main brands. i actually went with peoples recommendations of a quickie not from here i really like the people on here great advice above about finding things for yourself as far as fitting in a chair. but i found i don\u2019t like that brand and the people working with me have  been changing parts to basically frankie my chair. they also didn\u2019t do a few measuring things quite correctly i have odd measurements don\u2019t fit standards. my chair is a quickie 2 bace with electric alber add on but i also have the manual wheels. oddly sometimes i like the feel  of my really old invacare i don\u2019t recommend that because they really are not a full time chair at all i only use it in my house or porch it\u2019s just the correct hight and has canvas seat and back but the point is everyone is different and the light weight part i think anyway is important. so many buildings are not very accessible you have to go out of the way the extra light fraim helps with the added fatigue and other issues i remember when i could push myself more. i\u2019m an ambulatory user but increasingly losing that function that\u2019s why the added electric but anyway thinking of the future is a good thing also knowing how long you will have this chair before you can get a new one and how your condition might progress or not progress researching where you go for streets and things on a daily routine. this is all stuff my team had me do with getting the correct things on a chair that part of the build has been great they put heavy anty tip bars and it\u2019s saved my life a lot of cobble stone and none wheelchair friendly places that i go to.  i am in the usa so different insurance but it might be some help anyway. good luck. sorry about my long sentences. i recommend you see your doctor and get a prescription for a wheelchair clinic and an occupational therapist for a proper evaluation. an ultra lightweight wheelchair off the internet can be an improvement in the short term, but what you really need to be independent is a customized professionally fitted chair, not some out-of-the-box internet substitute. i use a tilite for day-to-day and a ki folding chair for travel (both titanium). i highly recommend them. without the wheels, my day chair weighs about 9lbs. i also second everyone here saying you should get a proper evaluation by a pt and your pcp.if it helps, i put together [a guide for buying a chair with insurance](https://urbancripple.com/the-almost-complete-guide-to-buying-a-wheelchair) and [a guide for buying a chair without insurance](https://urbancripple.com/a-guide-to-buying-a-wheelchair-without-insurance) that might help. the guide for buying without insurance does cover buying a chair online directly. but again, i would only do that as a last resort. the featherweight chair is cheap and lightweight. but the problem with the featherweight chair is nothing is adjustable and there is nothing to choose from.  for example the seat is 18 inches side. no other alternatives. if you are a small woman you will likely swim in a chair that wide.here are a list of inexpensive [quality lightweight wheelchairs](https://www.reddit.com/r/wheelchairs/comments/s5moq2/lightweight_wheelchair_recommendations/), together with some pros and cons. hope it helps. this is definitely a question for a pt or ot. your doctor can refer you for a wheelchair evaluation and they can help you figure out what chair would be best for you. we all have our preferences for what we think is the best chair here, but the best chair for me is almost certainly not going to be the best chair for you. what's your budget? what are you main requirements other than lightweight? have a think about things like that and see either a doctor to get a proper assessment and hopefully assistance getting a chair or a mobility shop to talk about and try different options. as an ambulatory user i very much like my kuschall champion sk. it's very compact which means i can use it on both accessible and non-accessible transport easily (my partner can wheel/ carry it around tube stations and down stairs etc). it also fits well into cars of various sizes etc. it's a folding chair but feels more like a rigid because of how the folding mechanism works so it's more comfortable to use in my experience. it's not the lightest option or the cheapest one, but if you have any questions about it i'd be happy to try to help. personally i do think it's the perfect chair for me and my situation. a couple of other things to consider are cushion. make sure you budget for a good one if you don't already have one. it makes a lot of difference. and extendable push handles if anybody will be pushing you much. mine are a godsend to my tall partner who would otherwise have to hunch over (and knee me in the back frequently). oh and personally i love my \"l shaped\" push rims and find them much nicer to grip than standard ones. oh and you might find it handy to look into various accessories. often stroller or bike accessories work well for wheelchairs. my backpack is designed to clip onto a stroller so hangs very well from my chair. i also have cup holder, phone holder, little pouch for hand sanitizer and radar key and a very handy bad that hangs under my seat (again designed for strollers. that one is handy cos it can easily be moved around. i sometimes use it on my wheelie box (just a box on wheels like a 4 wheel suitcase. i use it for shopping with my chair like a small trolley or for shopping on foot since with the lid on you can sit on it to rest).i hope that helps a bit. but yeah i would definitely suggest trying out and discussing options yourself. people have different needs and preferences so the best chair for some people might not be the best chair for you. yes a referral to a pt and getting you own wheelchair fitted for you is super important but it takes time. i got an excel g logic second hand of the internet and its te best interim chair i can imagine. its got good padding is foldable and the back and handles fold away so it's easy to switch between pushing yourself and having somone help push you if you get too tierd. it also has breaks for a carer which is so useful for going downhill. it's no way the perfect chair but it's a good start. i have a tilite zra very light if you look at scripted wheelchair they are made to your size. wheels also make a big difference definitely recommend high pressure tires im also a smaller woman and i use a helio a7 with all the mods to make it lightweight. works great. i went to the ot to get it, which is really your best bet to get a quality chair that fits have you talked to his doctor about getting a referral for a wheelchair evaluation with pt or ot. as a double amputee and a wheelchair user, i think it's so important to get some professional help chosing a chair. i need a specific cushion to protect my behind from skin breakdown and it really helps to have both a pt and a rep from the dme company help me spec out my chair. they'd be able to help pick out a light chair, but they can also make your dad a lot more comfortable by making sure the chair fits his needs exactly. where does she need to lift it? if it's specific areas the. things like ramps or hoists might help. ramps especially cos really light wheelchairs can get expensive and so can hoists.         what type of chair does he need? self propelled or attendant controlled? full or part time?          most chairs will say their base weight (so before adjustments like different wheels etc). that should be pretty easy to find on mobility shop websites and if you look at places near you/ your grandparents you can try them to see how they feel.             i would think you're probably looking at under 10kg, preferably even lighter. i know active manuals can get as light as 3kg but i think they tend to be rather expensive and depending on your grandfather's needs you might be looking at more basic chairs. some of those you might even find on amazon.         honestly there's not really a best when it comes to activate manuals. there are a few stand out brands and they all have their pros and cons. for the most part they aren't very different. it really comes down to individual needs and taste. if your grandad would be getting something like that it would definitely be something worth him trying himself (and your grandma too for lifting).          with the more basic chairs that another person will be pushing mostly there's not a whole lot of difference either. check reviews and make sure there's a good returns policy if it's not something you can try before you buy. they tend to be about as stable as eachother so the main things i would focus on are big wheels (helps with bumps, thresholds, turns etc) and weight. manual wheelchairs are broken down by weight categories. standard manuals weigh something like 20lbs and over. they are pretty basic, really cheap (some are barely over $100 new), and don't offer much adjustability.ultralights obviously weigh less, sometimes a lot less, but also cost a lot more (most start at over $1000). they are meant to be carefully tailored and adjusted to the needs of the user.one nice thing about nearly all ultralight chairs, and some standards, if that you can easily disassemble them to reduce transport weight even more.however, even so, the sheer bulkiness of a chair might prove to be a problem for her.i would try to a stranger a visit to a therapist, or a support group for the elderly or disabled to discuss options, payment options, and ways to adapt to and manage his situation. look into a carbon fiber folding chair take a look here : https://www.essentialaids.com/z-tec-lightweight-folding-aluminium-transit-wheelchair-in-grey.html i recommend asking her physician put an order in for one so you and her can work with a technician that will make sure she gets the proper chair for her needs:) best of luck\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c if going through insurance isn\u2019t an option there\u2019s those foldable travel power chairs that run from 1,500-5,000. you can find them if you google \u201clightweight travel power chair\u201d.  i always recommend the golden literider envy to everyone both young and old! the biggest reason why is the ability to break the wheelchair down into smaller components and put it in the trunk of a compact car; no wheelchair van or lift necessary. the person using the chair might not be able to disassemble the chair themselves (the  heaviest part is about 35lbs), but most other people shouldn\u2019t have an issue taking it apart. the battery is amazing and the underneath trunk is convenient for putting all of life\u2019s necessities. the joystick can be a bit sensitive for newbies but you get used to it after a day of rolling around. the design is a bit more sleek and modern than your average full-size chair at almost 1/3 the price too. did i mention they have like 6+ different color options? sorry if i sound like an ad but i get really excited talking about how much this chair improved my mobility haha if you are wanting to transport it yourself for her to use around town then a chair like the golden lite rider or the pride go chair would be best since you would not require any sort of lift to be able to transport it. there are a few things to consider with a chair like that however. most travel chair lack some of the adjustability you get with standard power chairs. they do not have adjustable height armrests or adjustable angle backs and typically have a higher seat to floor height.if the care facility has a transport bus she can take the chair on then a standard \"full size\" power chair(pride's jazzy or golden's alante)would likely be better. they are generally more comfortable and adjustable to accommodate a person's needs. they do not however break down for easy transportation. the majority of people in care facilities use a chair of this type.as far as brands go i would personally recommend pride or golden. they are some of the more quality built ans reliable chairs on the market.i would stay away from drive and merit chairs as i have not been impressed with their quality or reliability.not that some of the more inexpensive brands cant be good its just you are less likely to have issues with motors and electronics if you stick with bigger manufacturers.my personal recommendation would a pride jazzy of some sort. i have a lot of experience with them and they are quality built and reliable chairs. others might disagree with me but that is my honest opinion.if you have any chair specific questions i would be happy to answer them.source: i am a power wheelchair provider and repair technician. hi. orthotist here. when considering a wheelchair brand you need to consider which brands offer service and repairs in your vicinity.if you are lucky, the manufacturer is in your country or even better, in your state or even town. that means you can rest assured that if your medical practitioner doesn't carry spare parts in stock, you won't have to wait long to get it from the manufacturer. there are often good quality affordable wheelchairs available, cheap imports, which actually work fine, but once something breaks or fails (inevitable) there are no spares around and it renders the chair useless untill it arrives. a backup lightweight manual folding wheelchair is also a good idea there are people who are trained and certified to evaluate what wheelchair will best meet their patients needs including setting the chair to meet the individuals body and limb measurements. the facility will usually have established relationships with representatives from the manufacturer as well as sales people that work for a variety of local dealers and resellers. how many depends mostly upon how close you are to a high density population center.i personally like the quattro and have used it for about 10 years. speak to a therapist that can do a wheelchair consult. they will work with a dme and you to ensure that you are correctly fitted for a chair. main thing i would focus on is weight. a light weight chair will be easier in general and is also extra important with eds to put less strain on your joints.   next try to get a good fit. both physically with your shape and size (custom built if possible or at least trying the chair to see if it fits you well) and also in terms of folding vs rigid etc to suit your needs. no use having an amazing chair if it won't fit in your car!   that's the main stuff really, but there are also a lot of other bits you can consider. i would prioritise the above things then move onto thinking about tyres, wheel type etc until you have a bit of a short list of potential chairs.    one thing i personally love about my chair is shaped push rims. instead of being completely round they are a bit triangular (as in the grip) which is designed to sit better in your hands. for me it means i can use my chair without gloves and it doesn't hurt my fingers and thumbs so much to use it. i think they are called curve l.       i would do a bit of research online to see what types of chairs are worth considering then go to local mobility shops and ask to try those sorts of chairs out. that's assuming you are buying your own chair. i don't know much about getting one funded.       for me it ended up being decided mostly by how compact one particular chair was (kuschall champion sk). it's weight was down with all the other light weight ones i was seeing, but it folded up so much smaller which is a big deal to me. i was pretty much certain about that chair before trying it out in the mobility shop.     i ended up spending more than i had intended to make sure i got a light weight and compact one, but i am really glad i made that decision cos the amount i've used it and how free i've felt in it compared to another active chair i tried is just shocking. i'm hoping my condition might improve a bit over time (just started physio), but i can't see myself able to do big outing or a holiday on my own feet for years so even if i'm using it less in the future i think it will still be a part of my life for long enough to justify the cost.          i have heard that for eds it can be better to have a rigid frame because it is more stable and will bend you around less over bumps and such. one great thing about the kuschall champion sk which i hadn't really thought of when i was getting it is that it's a compact folding chair, that acts more like a rigid chair. instead of having a scissors hinge it has a big bar with a folding hinge in the middle, so it folds into itself more that up (doesn't get taller when you fold it like most folding chairs) and when it's unfolded the bar acts as a rigid one. (not trying to flog that chair btw, it's just obviously the one i know most about)         good luck! my life has been so much better since getting my chair. i know it's kinda a huge decision to make, but it can be so good for your quality of life. do make sure you still keep your legs in use though so you don't decondition yourself. :) for the love of god use a dme and do not buy something of of craigslist until you are very well tuned to owning and operating a wheelchair. nothing will ever cost more than a chair bought on craigslist or amazon.getting it fit properly to you will make it easier for you to use and help you do the things you want to do in it. the #1 thing i recommend is to see a person who knows what they are doing. go to a physiatrist or physical medicine and rehabilitation doctor at a wheelchair clinic. don't get a folding chair, get ridgid custom wheelchair. avoid ki mobility, i have one and hate it. get a smartdrive it will save your shoulders. note you may have to pay out of pocket for the smartdrive. have you looked into a custom chair?  there are different brands, i suggest researching which types would work best for your wife.  they are expensive, though, so you would want to go through insurance.  mine is about 7k when all is said and done, i have a tilite zra with extra trimmings specific to my needs. perhaps google lightweight and \u201cultra lightweight\u201d chairs and see what you can afford. invacare is pretty bottom of the barrel, and upgrading that\u2019s going to make a bigger difference than any mod you can make on it (someone else mentioned emotion wheels, which are cool, but...imo if you\u2019re going to throw that level of money at it, you\u2019d be better served using it to upgrade whichever chair is her main usage one). there are some adjustments to that chair you could consider if a different chair is out of the question. a lighter weight set of wheels, air tires (if you don\u2019t have tires with air in them, definitely consider swapping!), and smaller front casters (assuming the invacare model will allow for such adjustments, which idk) will all help rollability. a lot of good lightweight chairs on the market. by far my favorite is the tilite (now under the company permobil) line. but they\u2019re on the more expensive side. colours also has neat ones, and quickie. maybe check out spinlife.com.sportaid.com is also helpful.in addition to emotion wheels, another great tool to check out is the smartdrive! i think it provides way more flexibility than the emotion wheels! definitely look into e-motion wheels. they are power assist wheels that won't be stressful on her shoulders and make traveling a lot easier. from a google search, seems like the invacare chairs are more of the \"hospital\" style chairs.  ok for pushing people around temporarily, but not great for permanent situations.you'd be amazed how much easier it is to push in a good wheelchair vs. bad.look for ultralight rigid chairs.  tilite zra is a good one, but expensive.  many of these types of chairs are custom made, and there are a *ton* of measurements to get right.  but it's the difference between riding a kid's bike and a proper road/racing bike.if you've got a low budget and know generally what size you need, look on ebay for used chairs.  you won't get a great fit, but it'll still be miles ahead of hospital style chairs.  you can also ask/post around to see if people have older chairs they don't need anymore; i know i've got a couple (*really* old ones) in the garage.i probably wouldn't spend much on the invacare.  if she's in this for the long haul, i'd save up for a new chair. i think lighter chair is way more important than assisted devices. the emotion wheels are heavy so if they die while she\u2019s out and about then it\u2019s gunna suck. the smart drives are nice but the second generation smart drive is miles better than the first gen because it\u2019s an all in one unit instead of having a separate, really heavy battery. the unit itself is heavy, though, probably 25lbs. i have three chairs and the difference between them is crazy. tilite aero r (~33 lbs), tilite zra (~23lbs), and a panthera (11lbs). i personally believe that the less you depend on electronic assists the better off you\u2019ll be long term. sure charging wheels and smart drives sounds easy, it is, but there will be days you forget and i never want to worry about getting halfway somewhere and everything dying on me.  they also aren\u2019t as precise as regular wheels so pushing in crowds and tight places can be a pain. obviously i don\u2019t know the full extent of your wife\u2019s arm strength and i\u2019m not bashing assisted devices, i have a 1st gen smart drive i never use because of the weight. speaking of which where do you live? hell if you\u2019re close i\u2019ll give it to you (you can pm if you\u2019re more comfortable).  smartdrive power assist. more transportable than emotion wheels.motion composites carbon fiber chairs. i agree with the suggestions to go custom and go lighter.   when i first ended up in a chair i kind of rolled my eyes at the idea that they would make such a difference.   boy was i wrong!   i have four chairs, three of them are tilites and i have an old invacare that i use as my sewing chair which is about all it\u2019s good for!     i also have a smart drive (the newest model) and while i don\u2019t use it a lot it\u2019s fabulous for going up ramps.   it\u2019s very nice to know it\u2019s there.   good chairs are not cheap and neither is the smart drive so it\u2019s important to get fitted and to get insurance on board early in the purchasing process.  the first chair i got fitted for was awful\u2014it wasn\u2019t even close to the right size so i\u2019d recommend getting a couple of different places to fit her.  you can\u2019t return a custom chair.  it was also important to me to have a folding chair so i could have more options for traveling.  i do travel frequently for work and finding rental cars with a non folding chair was a nightmare.  i know the folders aren\u2019t as good as a rigid chair in most people\u2019s minds but it sure works better for me.   hello guy,sorry for your wife's loss. glad she has risen to face her challenges.  there are lots of resources here and some very knowledgeable folks to guide your family's journey through this mostly inaccessible world.where you are located makes a big difference. there are a lot of resources available for us in these united states and still more in western europe. big cities with subsequently larger rolling populations tend to have more equipment available as well. so y'all are ready for a proper chair huh. they are a world apart form the ones you get out of a catalog or your local pharmacy. paying out of pocket is near impossible for most folk as the industry pricing is geared towards insured clients. before you get a chair i recommend writing down some dimensions or at least comparative measurements (changes from the current chairs in use.) i think it may be easiest to pay a local seating professional for an evaluation to come measure your wife's needs. you can find them through your local medical supply store or rehabilitation center. there are a lot of measurements involved in a proper fitting chair.  if you prefer taking the initiative yourself, start with seat width and length and quite basic. width concerns not only the hips, but also the shoulder. in case her hips are narrower than her shoulders than shoulders than keep in mind that pushes are most effective/comfortable when the hand motion is in a straight line forward. keep in mind the push rims are positioned about an inch wider. seat length should be such that it does not restrict the knee bending in the front and inline with the back. next consider seat height from the floor. with your wife being partly ambulatory in her lifestyle, this can be based of preference: how easily she wants to reach the floor or counter-tops. most generic recommendation is that when sitting upright, the user's finger tips should reach the center of the wheel. another major consideration is whether you want and \"dump\" in the seat; meaning the butt being lower than the knees. this gives some stability to the rider but is mostly preferred by people who suffer from lack of balance/control. most amputees prefer a near flat seat.once you have these few measurements you can look online for custom wheelchairs that were ordered for a specific user, but for whatever reason went undelivered. remember these are brand new, but discounted since the seller is trying to get some of their investment back. of course you can look for used wheelchairs also if you are looking for steeper savings. ebay has quite a few listings and facebook has some groups selling used equipment as well.once you get a custom wheelchair chances you won't need to but any assistive device since pushing one of these is significantly easier than what your family has now.if you like this advice, we can discuss folding vs rigid chairs and wheels and casters, backrests and other variables in the future.i am not a professional, so my advice my differ from others here. i am an amputee and active wheelchair user of the last 12 years. i wish you all the best and look forward to seeing your family here sharing your experiences. i like the magshock for a few reasons. it is the lightest in the bunch.  the company was founded by someone who is disabled and employs a lot of disabled people who assisted in the design.  it's described as waterproof, available in other colors and made of magnesium.  the falcon is cool too....longest range (22 miles) and like the magshock, batteries are in the arms of the frame and also has multiple color options.  the ez lite is the slimmer of the three which is the only reason i have it on there.  they all advertise and show videos of them easily being folded/unfolded with little to no prep but i take your point about more moving parts and they all allow you to unlock the motor to put them freely (so no stuck with dead battery).  checking into the invacare some more.....interesting concept for sure. i'm not familiar with any of the options you mentioned but in general folding powerchairs are still very heavy and difficult to lift, although much easier than their non-folding counterparts.the ones like the magshock and cruiser which have an automatic front to back folding mechanism have a lot of parts that can go wrong and don't tend to have a very long lifespan. make sure you ask lots of questions about availability of spare parts and support.the falcon looks like a more traditional side to side fold which means it's likely you'll need to remove parts before folding it, but will be a more reliable system.i am familiar with the invacare esprit [https://www.invacare.co.uk/power-wheelchairs-mobility-scootersalber/indooroutdoor-wheelchairs/invacare-esprit-action-4ng-power-wheelchair](https://www.invacare.co.uk/power-wheelchairs-mobility-scootersalber/indooroutdoor-wheelchairs/invacare-esprit-action-4ng-power-wheelchair)  it's a reliable system, can be interchanged between powered small wheels or manual self propel wheels so if you kept the manual wheels in the car you wouldn't be totally stuck in the event of a flat battery. it's also the more reliable side to side folding mechanism, invacare are great for spare parts and support, and the seat itself is compatible with all kinds of 3rd party backrests if additional postural support is needed. you really need to see a physical therapist to get sized and go from there. insurance can be a real nightmare depending on your location. most dealers don't want to deal with the red tape and will try to sell you a hospital chair instead of a class t-5 ultralight chair. some places just have catalogs. others have actual showrooms. again, that's really just the luck of the draw with geographical location. my pt begged me not to get a folding chair (the in half kind) and get one with a low and folding back, but i transfer in and out of my car myself, and i can't imagine having to pop the tires on and off every time i get in and out of the vehicle; especially if it's raining.aside from that, there's all kinds of makes and models with bells and whistles these days. i'm l-1 paraplegic with good trunk control, so i have my chair as basic as possible. an adjustable back and a roho cushion is really the only thing i require. personally i have a ti-lite, but i think my next chair will be a qi.do you have insurance that will cover this? my medicare covers almost all of my medical costs and supplies.you\u2019ll need to find a company like numotion or national seating and mobility to help educate you and give you options on chairs.i live in the mountains so i have big 26 inch mountain bike tires and medium sized front wheels.i highly suggest hand fit rims. how able bodied are you? and what was your injury? go to a medical or surgical supply store that sells wheelchairs. they can tell you about the options.mine converts from a wheelchair (two big wheels and two small front wheels) and a transport chair (four small wheels). it has four small wheels with big wheels that can be easily placed on each side. without the big wheels, it is lighter. with the big wheels, it can be pushed more easily on rougher terrain. so my wife takes it out of the trunk without the big wheels attached. if she thinks we might need them, she puts the big wheels on, otherwise, she leaves them off.likewise, the footrests detach. since i can move my legs ok (i just can't put my weight on them to stand or walk), i \"walk\" the chair with my feet. that is easier without the footrests, and it makes the chair much lighter. in the trunk of the car, the footrests are always off; my wife puts them on only if i am going to be pushed a long distance and will need to hold my feet up without them.my wife (like me) is older so she has more difficulty lifting heavier things out of the trunk of the car. so weight is very important.most medical supply stores will have at least one brand of convertible (sometimes known as a \"transformer\") wheelchair. mine is a drive brand. i live in boston as well and have been going through this process over the last year. i do have a possibility of walking again, which is awesome, but makes getting a good wheelchair hard.i ended up getting one from ebay and then spec\u2019ing my own when the one from ebay became too limiting. i do a lot of similar things for my job, so am used to spec\u2019ing and dealing with suppliers, this is not for everyone. pt is a good place to start. i also found a lot of good resources at spaulding\u2019s sled hockey. whatever you do, do not go to sullivan's pharmacy & medical supply amazon is cheaper and easier to deal with even with an 80% dme insurance coverage. well that\u2019s something you need to talk to your doctor to get, it\u2019s not really the kind of thing you just go out and get yourself. i actually live in boston, ma myself so i can give you some local advice. first stop would be your doctors office. see if they can get you a referral to the spaulding reha wheelchair clinic. they will do a full assessment and fitting with you, and set you up with a provider to order the chair. i have work with national seating and mobility for 2 chairs now. they can be a bit slow at 6 months start to finish, but both times i got the custom chair i wanted and needed. hey welcome back to my channel in this video i'm going to talk about top 5 best transport wheelchairs starting at number five on trip ultralight a euro product parameter euro unfolded size 31 5-inch asterisk 20 5 inch asterisk 33 5-inch folded size 9 5 inch asterisk 20 a euro high quality material euro the lightweight frame is made of aluminum alloy which is easy to carry the high quality aluminum alloy is strong and light at the same time the tower-shaped three-dimensional frame distributes the force and the thickened frame is strong enough a euro portable easy carrier euro this portable wheelchair is a perfect travel wheelchair because it is easy to fold and fits easily into the trunk of a car it can be carried on board an airplane and the package comes with a carrying bag a euro humanity designer euro free of installation and ready to use the pull-up buckle is easy to operate the integrated handbrake is convenient and quick to use the seat cushion adopts a honeycomb hollow design and it is breathable and easy to remove and wash a euro service and warrantya euro we provide worldwide warranty for this product so we will support you no matter where you travel to we understand the after sales service is very important and all products purchased in our company are guaranteed to keep in good repair for one year coming at number four medline lightweight transport medline transport lightweight wheelchair has large 12-inch rear wheels for better performance on uneven outdoor surfaces loop style manual hand brakes are ideal for locking the rear wheels during transfers transport chair with powder coated aluminum ultra light frame is durable and has a weight capacity of 300 pounds folding transport wheelchair is portable making it perfect for easy storage transport and travel back folds down to make the chair more compact full length permanent armrests detachable foot rest seat belt for safety comfortable nylon upholstery medline transport lightweight wheelchair has large 12-inch rear wheels for better performance on uneven outdoor surfaces loop style manual hand brakes are ideal for locking the rear wheels during transfers transport share with powder coated aluminum ultra light frame is durable and has a weight capacity of 300 pounds at number three drive medical viper plus our package includes one recliner wheelchair front riggings and an owner's manual features swing away foot rests heavy gauge nylon upholstery with hook and loop fastener straps adjustable flip up anti-tipper and push to lock wheel locks customizable support our high back reclining wheelchairs feature adjustable angle caster forks that have three height adjustments and angle adjustability come with built-in seat rail extensions durable design the frame of this portable wheelchair is made of aluminum it comes with quick release maintenance-free 24-inch composite mag style wheels while the precision sealed wheel bearings in the front and rear ensure long lasting performance easy to clean the travel wheelchair comes equipped with equipped with easy to clean heavy gauge nylon upholstery with hook and loop fastener straps that is designed to provide lasting comfort specifications the wheelchairs for adults measure 42 inches in length x 28 inches in width x 50 inches in height width 12 5 inches seat 20 inches in width height weight capacity 300 pounds number two of my list carex transport wheelchair contains carex transport wheelchair a portable wheelchair that folds the transport chair features adjustable swing away removable foot rests the wheelchair has a sturdy steel frame that folds and is portable for travel shopping or everyday life with a 19-inch seat the transport wheelchair provides a comfortable drive the secure belt makes that ride safer the sturdy steel frame of the transport chair provides full support during everyday transport and also folds easily for compact storage and transfer making it an excellent choice for safe sturdy and comfortable portability no assembly required trust in carex a leader in wheelchairs for adults seniors disabled and handicap shop our entire line of lightweight wheelchairs for adults our transporter wheelchair and our classic wheelchairs and number one drive medical exp-19 ltrd lightweight folding wheelchair easy to use and collapsible our lightweight folding transport chair offers a strong aluminum frame and durable material that supports up to 300 pounds these ultralight transport wheelchairs also feature padded armrests and fold down footrests for comfortable and dependable support large wheels rolling wheelchair features solid 12-inch rear wheels to make pushing a breeze curb assist next to wheels allows users to gently lift the transport chairs front wheels over bumps locking hand brakes companion activated loop lock hand brakes keep the riders safe just push down to lock the rear wheels and place a euro no bending required portable and easy to store a handy lever on the back of the foldable wheelchair makes it convenient to fold back down at just 19 pounds transport chair is easier to lift than a traditional wheelchair making it a great travel wheelchair for adults dimensions folded 38 inches in height x10 75 inches in width seat 19 inches in width x 16 inches in depth armrest 8 inches in height weight capacity 300 pounds check out this video description for latest price and more informations thank you for watching this video please subscribe and stay tuned  [music] looking for the best wheelchairs in this video we will look at some of the top three wheelchairs on the market before we get started with our video we have included links in the description for each product mentioned so make sure you check out to see which is in your budget range at number 3 drive medical blue streak wheelchair bright blue frame dependable solid tires users revealed this chair for its lightweight and easy-to-use design this inexpensive chair is a good value but suffers occasional quality control issues easiest to use desk length is the only arm choice occasional complaints about product quality and durability at number two drive medical transport wheelchair rolls smoothly quick folding for transport with removable leg cushions fits larger users well a good all-around lightweight wheelchair but a little wide for some doorways best bargain front legs angle out a bit making it tough to negotiate tight spaces plastic foot rests may break easily at number one carmen s 305 ergonomic ultra lightweight wheelchair lightweight yet sturdy great details including padded antibacterial seat and ergonomic contouring an excellent chair with superior customer ratings for comfort and durability the best deal on the market expensive quick release wheels can be tricky to operate to buy or check price click link in description please like and subscribe our channel for more products reviews "

----------

"unexciting but oh-so-useful, minivans offer an amazing blend of practicality, efficiency, and comfort. there are fewer entries in the minivan segment than there are seats in the toyota sienna. models such as the nissan quest, the ford windstar, and most recently the dodge grand caravan are parked in the discontinued lot. it's unfortunate, but it's the inevitable impact of the popularity of stylish three-row crossovers and suvs. this isn't to say that the newest vans aren't trying. minivans have evolved by becoming the swiss cheese of charging ports, with extra space for snacks and built-in vacuums to clean up the aftermath of those snacks. when you're in a minivan full of other people, you could be sharing something good or bad. it's like stuffing into the corner booth at a coney island restaurant\u2014most people inside it can't move until someone else does, and it probably smells like hot dogs. no matter, their sliding doors and super-sized cargo areas make minivans an easy choice for those with a lot to do. here's how the competitive minivan segment ranks. the chrysler pacifica uses everything it has learned from the past to make it the best minivan you can buy today. the van's available stow 'n go second- and third-row seats make it easy to create a flat load floor for hauling long items. every pacifica is powered by a 3.6-liter v-6 with a nine-speed automatic. the one we tested on our 200-mile highway fuel-economy test returned an impressive 31 mpg, making it the most efficient non-hybrid in the segment. the pacifica plug-in hybrid adds to that efficiency courtesy of an electric drive motor and sizeable battery pack that affords this minivan an epa-rated electric driving range of 32 miles. alas, hybrids are not available with the gas model's fold-in-the-floor second-row seats or all-wheel drive. more about the chrysler pacifica. the kia carnival combines minivan versatility with tough, suv-like styling. the only powertrain for the front-wheel-drive carnival is a 290-hp v-6 that pairs with an eight-speed automatic transmission. the top sx prestige trim even offers heated and cooled reclining second-row captain's chairs with an ottoman for your feet. it's a little bit of a party trick, as these heavy seats are difficult to remove and thus limit this van's versatility. less fancy captain's chairs, or an eight-passenger setup with a third seat for the second row, are also offered. more about the kia carnival. the honda odyssey has been good for a long time, and some things never change. powered by a 280-hp v-6, the odyssey is easily the top driver's choice. its driving characteristics and shifter paddles are unexpected for a minivan, and the odyssey's excellent suspension tuning makes it almost as good at hauling ass as it is at hauling asses. in our real-world highway testing, the odyssey outperformed its epa estimate, delivering 30 mpg. we wish we could stow the second-row seats somewhere because removing the heavy chairs is a serious workout. more about the honda odyssey. the toyota sienna is a minivan focused on fuel efficiency and substance. a 243-hp hybrid is the only powertrain, though both front and all-wheel drive options are offered. there's plenty of space to seat seven (or even eight with the center seat in place), but unfortunately, the second-row seats aren't stowable. more about the toyota sienna. yes, he's still working on the 1986 nissan 300zx turbo project car he started in high school, and no, it\u2019s not for sale yet. austin irwin was born and raised in michigan, and, despite getting shelled by hockey pucks during a not-so-successful goaltending career through high school and college, still has all of his teeth. he loves cars from the 1980s and bleu, his great pyrenees, and is an active member of the buffalo wild wings community. when austin isn\u2019t working on his own cars, he\u2019s likely on the side of the highway helping someone else fix theirs. america needs more slow car chargers. check out these future evs that deliver. best 2023 mid-size pickup trucks. safest 2023 crossovers and suvs. new book celebrates the 356's diamond jubilee. two-lane to the limit by jeep cherokee. how to photograph a vehicle for bring a trailer. to spring training in a mercedes-amg e53 cabriolet. i'm afraid to start modifying my jeep. history of the electric car, 1830 to present. awesome real-life cars you can buy in lego form. collectible classic muscle cars you can afford. a part of hearst digital media. we may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. \u00a9hearst autos, inc. all rights reserved. view the best minivans based on our rankings then compare minivan reviews and view photos of your top minivans. all rankings\u00a0\u00bb. best cars for the money. best cars for families. the 2023 honda odyssey delivers nearly everything you\u2019d want in a minivan: a spacious and comfortable cabin, good performance, a coddling ...\u00a0read\u00a0more\u00a0\u00bb. $37,490 - $49,620\u00a0msrp. $37,490 - $49,620\u00a0msrp. the 2023 chrysler pacifica hybrid has a spacious cabin, a long list of standard features and is the most fuel-efficient minivan option on ...\u00a0read\u00a0more\u00a0\u00bb. $50,495 - $59,995\u00a0msrp. 82 electric / 30 gasmpg. $50,495 - $59,995\u00a0msrp. 82 electric / 30 gasmpg. the 2023 kia carnival offers supportive seats and a spacious interior, with plenty of room to fit everyone\u2019s luggage. the carnival's ...\u00a0read\u00a0more\u00a0\u00bb. $32,900 - $46,000\u00a0msrp. $32,900 - $46,000\u00a0msrp. the 2023 chrysler pacifica is an ideal people-hauler with spacious seating in all three rows, plenty of cargo space and lots of standard ...\u00a0read\u00a0more\u00a0\u00bb. $37,020 - $56,780\u00a0msrp. 17-19 city / 25-28 hwympg. $37,020 - $56,780\u00a0msrp. 17-19 city / 25-28 hwympg. the 2023 toyota sienna makes concessions in terms of engine performance and cargo space, but the minivan's comfy cabin, stellar fuel ...\u00a0read\u00a0more\u00a0\u00bb. $35,385 - $51,605\u00a0msrp. 35-36 city / 36 hwympg. $35,385 - $51,605\u00a0msrp. 35-36 city / 36 hwympg. electric vehicles rankings. \u00a9 1986 - 2023 autodata, inc. dba. \u00a9 1986 - 2023 autodata, inc. dba. don't see the car you're looking for? the kelley blue book editors test drive and rank the based minivans each year. our list is based on the factors that matter to consumers, like family features, safety, gas mileage, driving performance, cargo space, value, and more. rather than pulling random numbers out of the air or off some meaningless checklist, kbb\u2019s editors rank a vehicle to where it belongs in its class.\n    before any car earns its kbb rating, it must prove itself to be better (or worse) than the other cars it\u2019s competing against as it tries to get you to spend your money buying or leasing. our editors drive and live with a given vehicle.\n    we ask all the right questions about the interior, the exterior, the engine and powertrain, the ride and handling, the features, the comfort, and of course, about the price.\n    does it serve the purpose for which it was built? (whether that purpose is commuting efficiently to and from work in the city, keeping your family safe, making you feel like you\u2019ve made it to the top \u2014 or that you\u2019re on your way \u2014 or making you feel like you\u2019ve finally found just the right partner for your lifestyle.). we take each vehicle we test through the mundane \u2014 parking, lane-changing, backing up, cargo space and loading \u2014 as well as the essential \u2014 acceleration, braking, handling, interior quiet and comfort, build quality, materials quality, reliability. here, we\u2019ve put together a collection of the vehicles we recognized and awarded the most in 2018. we\u2019re spending 12 months with this honda odyssey, reviewing the full ownership experience with ongoing updates. for 2019, the honda odyssey is our minivan best buy award winner, holds its resale value better than any other minivan, offers the lowest 5-year cost-to-own in its class, and is one of our 12 best family cars. saying [\u2026]. predicted resale value after 5 years of ownership: 39.4% the honda odyssey minivan has claimed the kbb minivan best buy award a whopping five times in the last six years. the reason for this dominance? the odyssey shines as a people hauler, one that\u2019s practical, safe and enjoyable to drive while also being blessed with [\u2026]. predicted 5-year cost to own: $44,300 big news: the new kid on the block, the 2020 chrysler voyager \u2013 recently brought to market as an affordable version of the chrysler pacifica \u2013 has dethroned the honda odyssey as the best minivan in kbb\u2019s 2020 5-year cost to own awards. how has chrysler\u2019s newest minivan accomplished [\u2026]. look for tether anchors in all seating positions seat belts shouldn\u2019t overlap adjacent seating positions removable headrests allow better fit for some forward-facing car seats/high-back boosters center seat should be wide enough to accommodate a narrow booster second-row room should fit a rear-facing car seat with front seat set for tallest driver seat belt pretensioners [\u2026]. right now is an excellent time to get into car camping. not only is the trend booming, which means lots of choices when it comes to tents and equipment, but many of the vehicles are ideally suited to spending a little time outdoors. even better, that vehicle doesn\u2019t need to be massive or expensive. but [\u2026]. currently, the 2023 toyota sienna tops the list of kbb.com\u2019s best minivans. after hours of test driving and analysis, our experts assigned the sienna a rating of 4.7 out of 5 stars. the 2023 toyota sienna, 2023 honda odyssey, and 2023 chrysler pacifica are the highest-rated models on kbb.com\u2019s list of best minivans. the 2023 kia carnival has a starting price of $34,465, making it the most affordable option on kbb.com\u2019s list of best minivans. with a combined fuel economy of 36 mpg, the 2023 toyota sienna is the most fuel-efficient vehicle on kbb.com\u2019s list of the best minivans. currently the 2023 toyota sienna tops kbb's always up-to-date list of the best minivans in america. it gets 4.7 out of 5 stars from our car experts, has a starting msrp of $37,470 and gets 36 mpg. learn more at kelley blue book. edmunds' experts test 200 vehicles per year on our test track. we also test them using a 115-mile real-world test loop of city streets, freeways and winding canyons. the data we gather results in our ratings. they\u2019re based on 30-plus scores that cover performance, comfort, interior, technology, utility and value. the chrysler pacifica hybrid is our #1 minivan pick. it comes packed with all the latest technology, but its ace in the hole is its plug-in hybrid powertrain that provides smooth and punchy acceleration and can travel an estimated 32 miles solely using electric power. the fuel savings plus the available tax credits make the pacifica hybrid potentially the best value in its class, too. with comfortable seating for adults or children in all three rows, tons of versatility, a car-like driving experience and a list of available features the length of your arm, the odyssey is an easy top pick. with its standard hybrid powertrain, the sienna provides both excellent fuel economy and relatively modest acceleration. available all-wheel drive further sets the sienna apart. edmunds' experts test 200 vehicles per year on our test track. we also test them using a 115-mile real-world test loop of city streets, freeways and winding canyons. the data we gather results in our ratings. they\u2019re based on 30-plus scores that cover performance, comfort, interior, technology, utility and value. receive pricing updates, shopping tips & more! download the edmunds app.  the best minivans of 2023 offer practicality, convenience and, dare we say it, even a little bit of luxury. buying a minivan declares that you\u2019re a practical person who puts function first, so we\u2019re not surprised your minivan research has landed you on our list of the best minivans. to create this list, the dopes here at car talk tested each minivan currently on the market. we threw kids and dogs in them.  we commuted in them. we threatened to turn them around if the kids didn\u2019t stop messing with each other right now.  we loaded them up with cargo. we took naps in the backseat while waiting for baseball practice to be over. while we were lucky enough to not test the crash worthiness of these minivans, we looked at data from the experts who did, and took the crash avoidance features that each minivan offers into account.  we also looked at reliability data to figure out which minivan is least likely to leave you on the side of the road. everyone\u2019s priorities and needs are different, but with this list, you\u2019ll be able to find the best minivan for you. in our tests, the honda odyssey consistently came out as the best overall minivan, but there are other excellent vans out there. the kia carnival has the lowest starting price of any minivan, and the toyota sienna offers all-wheel drive or seating for up to eight. the chrysler pacifica hybrid is the only plug-in hybrid van on the market and can cover up to 32 miles on electric power alone. the kia carnival has the lowest starting price of any van on the market, but that\u2019s not the only reason we named it our best budget option. the carnival has chunky, suv-esque looks, so if you\u2019re not thrilled about your new soccer mom milieu, you get a little bit of camouflage with the carnival. beyond that, the carnival has tons of passenger and cargo space, as well as a 10-year/100,000-mile warranty so repairs won\u2019t be busting your budget for a while. while you can\u2019t get a pure electric minivan yet, the chrysler pacifica hybrid will get you closer than any other van on the market.  while the toyota sienna also has a hybrid powertrain, the pacifica hybrid is a plug-in hybrid and can cover up to 32 miles on electric power alone.  that can go a long way toward bringing down your carbon emissions for daily driving. while all minivans have very good crash test scores, the honda odyssey and kia carnival just edge the others out with their performance in government tests.  both also offer a host of features that can help you avoid an accident, like automatic braking, 360 degree cameras, collision warning, lane departure warning and blind spot monitoring. installing car seats in a breeze in both the odyssey and carnival. even though it has the lowest starting price in the class, the kia carnival can be optioned out like a luxury car. rear seat entertainment, tri-zone climate control and second row seats that recline and have footrests make the kia carnival nicer than any minivan you grew up with. the toyota sienna is the only minivan with available all-wheel drive, making it the best one in winter weather. but, before you go tearing down unplowed roads in your sienna, make sure that you have proper snow tires. the toyota sienna and honda odyssey are two of the most highly rated minivans for reliability. that said, reliability can be a tricky thing to measure \u2013 even the best-engineered van will leave you stranded if you treat speed bumps like downhill mogul runs and change your oil as often as england changes monarchs. still, there are some general trends in minivan reliability and the non-dopes at jd power track them. they rate the honda odyssey and toyota sienna highly for reliability, while the chrysler pacifica and pacifica hybrid don\u2019t fare quite as well. the kia carnival hasn\u2019t been rated for reliability yet. all minivans do well in crash tests.  in fact, four of the five minivans on the market are rated as top safety picks+ by the insurance institute for highway safety.  the chrysler pacifica hybrid was the only van that missed the award and that\u2019s because it\u2019s so similar to the regular pacifica that iihs didn\u2019t include it in testing. active safety features available on most minivans include rear view cameras, automatic emergency braking and blind spot monitoring. models may offer rear automatic emergency braking, lane keeping assistance and a 360-degree camera. if you\u2019re looking for a comfortable and practical ride that\u2019s easy to drive and can carry lots of people and cargo, you can\u2019t beat a minivan. at car talk, we live in cheeto-stained sweatpants, so a minivan is plenty cool for us. that said, people who are cooler than we are might not find minivans to be stylish. here\u2019s our attempt at swaying the cool kids into seeing that a minivan could work for them. new minivans cost between $33,000 and upwards of $55,000. the kia carnival has the lowest starting price, while the chrysler pacifica hybrid, with its advanced powertrain, has the highest. you can save a significant chunk of change by looking at a used minivan without giving up many of the bells and whistles the newer vans have, as automakers don\u2019t significantly change these models very often. minivans typically seat up to seven people, though the toyota sienna can seat up to eight in certain configurations.  the first two rows of any minivan tend to be the most comfortable, but the third rows are still decent \u2013 and downright luxurious when compared to the third rows in most suvs and crossovers. minivans are all pretty much equal when it comes to performance, passenger and cargo space.  what sets them apart is the comfort, convenience and safety features they offer. look for a minivan with active safety features like automatic emergency braking, lane keep assist, blindspot warning and a 360-degree camera. your passengers will thank you if your van has tri-zone climate control and plenty of usb chargers and cupholders in the second and third rows. there are some kind of crazy minivan features, like a night vision camera that lets you spy on the backseat, built-in vacuums, and a system that projects the driver\u2019s voice into the third row, but we\u2019re old school and think you can skip these. yelling works fine. all minivans have a ton of cargo space, so long as you aren\u2019t hauling anything too heavy (please don\u2019t transport gravel in the back of your minivan). behind the third row of most vans there\u2019s 30 to 40 cubic feet of cargo space, which easily swallows 7 carryon suitcases. fold the third row in most vans and you jump to well over 80 cubic feet of space \u2013 enough for a couple of large dog kennels. fold or remove the second row in most vans and you get upwards of a whopping 135 cubic feet of space. that\u2019s enough space to help your friends move, so we recommend never sharing that fact with them. the toyota sienna has the least amount of cargo space, while the kia carnival has the most. for vehicles that can carry seven or eight people, yes, minivans are very good on gas. the real-world gas mileage of a van depends on the configuration, as well as the type of driving you do. the toyota sienna has a gas/electric powertrain that lets it get a combined fuel economy rating 36 mpg. while that beats the chrysler pacifica hybrid\u2019s combined mpg rating of 30 mpg, the pacifica hybrid is a plug-in and can go up to 32 miles on electricity alone. if you routinely drive less than 32 miles at a stretch, the pacifica hybrid will use less gas. if you want good gas mileage and never want to worry about charging to get it, go with the sienna hybrid. you can\u2019t get a fully electric minivan yet, but there are currently two strong electrified models on the market. the toyota sienna is a hybrid minivan \u2013 in fact, it\u2019s only available as a hybrid, and its combination gas/electric powertrain uses less fuel than conventional minivans. the chrysler pacifica hybrid is a plug-in hybrid. that means you can charge it and get up to 32 miles of all-electric driving. when that range is used up, a gasoline engine kicks in. for daily commutes and errands, the pacifica hybrid will let you be all electric most of the time, and when it\u2019s time for longer trips you won\u2019t have to worry about finding charging stations. you can just fill up at the gas station. no, minivans are not cool. but let\u2019s face it: you\u2019re probably not cool either.  and look \u2013 you\u2019re probably looking at minivans because you have kids. you\u2019re going to embarrass your kids no matter what you drive, so you might as well drive something practical and comfortable. cartalk.com is a production of cartalk digital inc. we offer unbiased reviews and advice, bad jokes and a great community for car owners and shoppers. happy driving and remember... don't drive like my brother. car talk\u00ae is a trademark of tappet brothers llc exclusively licensed to cartalk digital inc. subject to certain reserved rights. shameless commerce\u00ae is a trademark of tappet brothers llc. \u00a9 2023 cartalk digital inc. we sifted through the data to select the best cars\nand trucks in every category. offering bold sheet metal and a modern cabin, the kia carnival adds stylish design to the staid minivan formula. but with no hybrid option, it's less fuel-efficient than its strongest rivals. the kia carnival is a 7-seater vehicle that comes in 5 trim levels. the most popular style is the lxs, which starts at $36,465 and comes with a 3.5l v6 engine and front wheel drive. this carnival is estimated to deliver 19 mpg in the city and 26 mpg on the highway. some people value a minivan's utility but would never buy one because they're repelled by its sheet metal. if you're one of those people, the 2023 kia carnival has your number. it's a minivan through and through, with the three-row seating and power-sliding doors that make this vehicle type a family-friendly favorite. but its exterior design \u2014 which features a flatter nose and more upright styling than minivans like the honda odyssey and toyota sienna \u2014 makes it look more like a large suv. the carnival provides a full suite of family-focused amenities. for example, it offers a camera system that lets you keep an eye on children in the rearmost seats. and to top things off, this minivan has a lower base price than competing models. unlike the sienna, the carnival doesn't provide all-wheel drive. and kia doesn't offer a hybrid variant; this minivan is less fuel-efficient than rivals with hybrid powertrains, such as the sienna and chrysler pacifica hybrid. but overall, the carnival succeeds at putting a fresh spin on a familiar workhorse. it's a godsend if you're looking for a family hauler that's stylish and practical. some people value a minivan's utility but would never buy one because they're repelled by its sheet metal. if you're one of those people, the 2023 kia carnival has your number. it's a minivan through and through, with the three-row seating and power-sliding doors that make this vehicle type a family-friendly favorite. but its exterior design \u2014 which features a flatter nose and more upright styling than minivans like the honda odyssey and toyota sienna \u2014 makes it look more like a large suv. the carnival provides a full suite of family-focused amenities. for example, it offers a camera system that lets you keep an eye on children in the rearmost seats. and to top things off, this minivan has a lower base price than competing models. unlike the sienna, the carnival doesn't provide all-wheel drive. and kia doesn't offer a hybrid variant; this minivan is less fuel-efficient than rivals with hybrid powertrains, such as the sienna and chrysler pacifica hybrid. but overall, the carnival succeeds at putting a fresh spin on a familiar workhorse. it's a godsend if you're looking for a family hauler that's stylish and practical. see owner reviews for kia carnival. all reviews. offering bold sheet metal and a modern cabin, the kia carnival adds stylish design to the staid minivan formula. but with no hybrid option, it's less fuel-efficient than its strongest rivals. the kia carnival is a 7-seater vehicle that comes in 5 trim levels. the most popular style is the lxs, which starts at $36,465 and comes with a 3.5l v6 engine and front wheel drive. this carnival is estimated to deliver 19 mpg in the city and 26 mpg on the highway. some people value a minivan's utility but would never buy one because they're repelled by its sheet metal. if you're one of those people, the 2023 kia carnival has your number. it's a minivan through and through, with the three-row seating and power-sliding doors that make this vehicle type a family-friendly favorite. but its exterior design \u2014 which features a flatter nose and more upright styling than minivans like the honda odyssey and toyota sienna \u2014 makes it look more like a large suv. the carnival provides a full suite of family-focused amenities. for example, it offers a camera system that lets you keep an eye on children in the rearmost seats. and to top things off, this minivan has a lower base price than competing models. unlike the sienna, the carnival doesn't provide all-wheel drive. and kia doesn't offer a hybrid variant; this minivan is less fuel-efficient than rivals with hybrid powertrains, such as the sienna and chrysler pacifica hybrid. but overall, the carnival succeeds at putting a fresh spin on a familiar workhorse. it's a godsend if you're looking for a family hauler that's stylish and practical. some people value a minivan's utility but would never buy one because they're repelled by its sheet metal. if you're one of those people, the 2023 kia carnival has your number. it's a minivan through and through, with the three-row seating and power-sliding doors that make this vehicle type a family-friendly favorite. but its exterior design \u2014 which features a flatter nose and more upright styling than minivans like the honda odyssey and toyota sienna \u2014 makes it look more like a large suv. the carnival provides a full suite of family-focused amenities. for example, it offers a camera system that lets you keep an eye on children in the rearmost seats. and to top things off, this minivan has a lower base price than competing models. unlike the sienna, the carnival doesn't provide all-wheel drive. and kia doesn't offer a hybrid variant; this minivan is less fuel-efficient than rivals with hybrid powertrains, such as the sienna and chrysler pacifica hybrid. but overall, the carnival succeeds at putting a fresh spin on a familiar workhorse. it's a godsend if you're looking for a family hauler that's stylish and practical. the toyota sienna has an upscale cabin and is one of the most fuel-efficient minivans you can buy. however, it has less horsepower than key rivals and a less versatile interior. the toyota sienna is a 7-seater vehicle that comes in 7 trim levels. the most popular style is the xle 8-passenger fwd, which starts at $42,780 and comes with a hybrid 2.5l i4 engine and front wheel drive. this sienna is estimated to deliver 36 mpg in the city and 36 mpg on the highway. the 2023 toyota sienna does a superb job of meeting the needs of minivan shoppers in critical areas. fuel economy is a significant consideration for many. the sienna addresses this concern with a standard hybrid powertrain that makes it the top choice in its class for gas mileage. the optional all-wheel drive can make your travels safer and more secure in rough weather; the only other minivan with this amenity is the chrysler pacifica. additionally, the sienna impresses with an upmarket cabin that makes daily commutes more comfortable and luxurious. unlike the honda odyssey and kia carnival, the sienna's second-row seats aren't removable, hampering its flexibility. and the sienna trails the odyssey, carnival, and pacifica in horsepower. but overall, this capable toyota is a solid choice if you value stylish accommodations and excellent gas mileage. the 2023 toyota sienna does a superb job of meeting the needs of minivan shoppers in critical areas. fuel economy is a significant consideration for many. the sienna addresses this concern with a standard hybrid powertrain that makes it the top choice in its class for gas mileage. the optional all-wheel drive can make your travels safer and more secure in rough weather; the only other minivan with this amenity is the chrysler pacifica. additionally, the sienna impresses with an upmarket cabin that makes daily commutes more comfortable and luxurious. unlike the honda odyssey and kia carnival, the sienna's second-row seats aren't removable, hampering its flexibility. and the sienna trails the odyssey, carnival, and pacifica in horsepower. but overall, this capable toyota is a solid choice if you value stylish accommodations and excellent gas mileage. see owner reviews for toyota sienna. all reviews. the toyota sienna has an upscale cabin and is one of the most fuel-efficient minivans you can buy. however, it has less horsepower than key rivals and a less versatile interior. the toyota sienna is a 7-seater vehicle that comes in 7 trim levels. the most popular style is the xle 8-passenger fwd, which starts at $42,780 and comes with a hybrid 2.5l i4 engine and front wheel drive. this sienna is estimated to deliver 36 mpg in the city and 36 mpg on the highway. the 2023 toyota sienna does a superb job of meeting the needs of minivan shoppers in critical areas. fuel economy is a significant consideration for many. the sienna addresses this concern with a standard hybrid powertrain that makes it the top choice in its class for gas mileage. the optional all-wheel drive can make your travels safer and more secure in rough weather; the only other minivan with this amenity is the chrysler pacifica. additionally, the sienna impresses with an upmarket cabin that makes daily commutes more comfortable and luxurious. unlike the honda odyssey and kia carnival, the sienna's second-row seats aren't removable, hampering its flexibility. and the sienna trails the odyssey, carnival, and pacifica in horsepower. but overall, this capable toyota is a solid choice if you value stylish accommodations and excellent gas mileage. the 2023 toyota sienna does a superb job of meeting the needs of minivan shoppers in critical areas. fuel economy is a significant consideration for many. the sienna addresses this concern with a standard hybrid powertrain that makes it the top choice in its class for gas mileage. the optional all-wheel drive can make your travels safer and more secure in rough weather; the only other minivan with this amenity is the chrysler pacifica. additionally, the sienna impresses with an upmarket cabin that makes daily commutes more comfortable and luxurious. unlike the honda odyssey and kia carnival, the sienna's second-row seats aren't removable, hampering its flexibility. and the sienna trails the odyssey, carnival, and pacifica in horsepower. but overall, this capable toyota is a solid choice if you value stylish accommodations and excellent gas mileage. with grand interior space, a long list of safety features, a powerful engine, and high build quality, the well-equipped and comfortable honda odyssey is as family-friendly as a day at disneyland. the honda odyssey is a 8-seater vehicle that comes in 5 trim levels. the most popular style is the touring, which starts at $45,945 and comes with a 3.5l v6 engine and front wheel drive. this odyssey is estimated to deliver 19 mpg in the city and 28 mpg on the highway. see owner reviews for honda odyssey. all reviews. with grand interior space, a long list of safety features, a powerful engine, and high build quality, the well-equipped and comfortable honda odyssey is as family-friendly as a day at disneyland. the honda odyssey is a 8-seater vehicle that comes in 5 trim levels. the most popular style is the touring, which starts at $45,945 and comes with a 3.5l v6 engine and front wheel drive. this odyssey is estimated to deliver 19 mpg in the city and 28 mpg on the highway. the chrysler pacifica delivers everything you need from a minivan: space, versatility, safety, and comfort. it's also the only one offered as a plug-in hybrid and one of the few that can be had with all-wheel drive. the chrysler pacifica is a 7-seater vehicle that comes in 7 trim levels. the most popular style is the touring l fwd, which starts at $42,525 and comes with a 3.6l v6 engine and front wheel drive. this pacifica is estimated to deliver 19 mpg in the city and 28 mpg on the highway. say what you will about the styling and uninspiring driving dynamics of minivans. still, they're undeniably the best vehicles for hauling a lot of people and cargo at the same time. among the few minivans available today, the 2023 chrysler pacifica stands out as the only one that offers a plug-in hybrid powertrain. it delivers up to 32 miles of electric-only driving on a full charge and returns good fuel economy once the battery is depleted. if you go with the non-hybrid pacifica models, you have the option to add all-wheel drive, which greatly improves traction and stability in inclement weather. they also come with backseats that easily disappear into the floor when you need maximum cargo space. unfortunately, those seats aren't offered in the hybrid models. the pacifica is a strong choice among minivans, and that's especially true for the hybrid trims, which cost more but should provide fuel savings over time. as good as the pacifica is, we recommend checking out all of its rivals to see which one fits your needs best. these include the honda odyssey, toyota sienna, and kia carnival. say what you will about the styling and uninspiring driving dynamics of minivans. still, they're undeniably the best vehicles for hauling a lot of people and cargo at the same time. among the few minivans available today, the 2023 chrysler pacifica stands out as the only one that offers a plug-in hybrid powertrain. it delivers up to 32 miles of electric-only driving on a full charge and returns good fuel economy once the battery is depleted. if you go with the non-hybrid pacifica models, you have the option to add all-wheel drive, which greatly improves traction and stability in inclement weather. they also come with backseats that easily disappear into the floor when you need maximum cargo space. unfortunately, those seats aren't offered in the hybrid models. the pacifica is a strong choice among minivans, and that's especially true for the hybrid trims, which cost more but should provide fuel savings over time. as good as the pacifica is, we recommend checking out all of its rivals to see which one fits your needs best. these include the honda odyssey, toyota sienna, and kia carnival. see owner reviews for chrysler pacifica. all reviews. the chrysler pacifica delivers everything you need from a minivan: space, versatility, safety, and comfort. it's also the only one offered as a plug-in hybrid and one of the few that can be had with all-wheel drive. the chrysler pacifica is a 7-seater vehicle that comes in 7 trim levels. the most popular style is the touring l fwd, which starts at $42,525 and comes with a 3.6l v6 engine and front wheel drive. this pacifica is estimated to deliver 19 mpg in the city and 28 mpg on the highway. say what you will about the styling and uninspiring driving dynamics of minivans. still, they're undeniably the best vehicles for hauling a lot of people and cargo at the same time. among the few minivans available today, the 2023 chrysler pacifica stands out as the only one that offers a plug-in hybrid powertrain. it delivers up to 32 miles of electric-only driving on a full charge and returns good fuel economy once the battery is depleted. if you go with the non-hybrid pacifica models, you have the option to add all-wheel drive, which greatly improves traction and stability in inclement weather. they also come with backseats that easily disappear into the floor when you need maximum cargo space. unfortunately, those seats aren't offered in the hybrid models. the pacifica is a strong choice among minivans, and that's especially true for the hybrid trims, which cost more but should provide fuel savings over time. as good as the pacifica is, we recommend checking out all of its rivals to see which one fits your needs best. these include the honda odyssey, toyota sienna, and kia carnival. say what you will about the styling and uninspiring driving dynamics of minivans. still, they're undeniably the best vehicles for hauling a lot of people and cargo at the same time. among the few minivans available today, the 2023 chrysler pacifica stands out as the only one that offers a plug-in hybrid powertrain. it delivers up to 32 miles of electric-only driving on a full charge and returns good fuel economy once the battery is depleted. if you go with the non-hybrid pacifica models, you have the option to add all-wheel drive, which greatly improves traction and stability in inclement weather. they also come with backseats that easily disappear into the floor when you need maximum cargo space. unfortunately, those seats aren't offered in the hybrid models. the pacifica is a strong choice among minivans, and that's especially true for the hybrid trims, which cost more but should provide fuel savings over time. as good as the pacifica is, we recommend checking out all of its rivals to see which one fits your needs best. these include the honda odyssey, toyota sienna, and kia carnival. for questions about the truecar auto buying service please call 1-888-878-3227. certified dealers are contractually obligated by truecar to meet certain customer service requirements and complete the truecar dealer certification program. truecar does not broker, sell, or lease motor vehicles. unless otherwise noted, all vehicles shown on this website are offered for sale by licensed motor vehicle dealers. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. by accessing this website, you agree to the truecar terms of service and privacy policy. scroll to current list. long before the suv replaced the minivan as the family hauler of choice, nearly every automaker had a player in the game. of the three major domestic makers, only chrysler remains\u2014a fitting statistic, as the brand created the segment back in 1984. the first model was a success right out of the gate and helped save chrysler from the brink of insolvency. by the 1900s, chrysler minivan sales alone hovered around 600,000 units annually while ford, chevrolet and other manufacturers battled for market share in a thriving segment. now any minivan that approaches 100,000 units in annual sales is considered a runaway success. despite the huge shift in public preference, the humble minivan remains a paragon of the interior space vs. versatility vs. cost vs. efficiency equation. will a minivan tow a 7,000-pound boat? no, but most can tug up to 3500 pounds (3,600 for the pacifica), but 99.5% of the time, when you\u2019re not towing, it\u2019ll return far better fuel economy, up to 36 mpg in the case of the sienna. can a minivan fit as much cargo as a chevrolet tahoe? actually, they can carry more. the kia carnival has a maximum of 141.5 cubic feet of cargo space, while the tahoe can only eke out 122.9 cubes, though the suburban does squeak past it at 144.7. and while no minivan is capable of tackling rocky mule trails like an suv, you can get the chrysler pacifica with the all-weather safety of all-wheel drive. so, what\u2019s the catch? largely, the court of popular opinion has deemed them uncool. that, and there isn\u2019t a lot of room for designer flourish and eye-catching detail of the type that attracts consumers. in today\u2019s twisted social climate, a minivan evidently tells the neighbors your dreams are on life support. but that message is unfounded and unfair. as an efficient automotive transportation device for people and their things, the minivan remains the purest example of the breed, and for that, they deserve respect. these are the best minivans available for 2023. the chrysler pacifica arrived in 2017 as the ostensible replacement for the chrysler town and country and its dodge caravan sistership. as it turned out, that business plan was flawed, but in the best way possible. though the pacifica was vastly improved over its predecessor, the dodge caravan had such a devoted customer base that it remained in production and sold alongside the pacifica, albeit at a much lower msrp, until 2020. now the pacifica carries the torch as the sole minivan model across the stellantis empire (formerly fiat chrysler automobiles). with forty years of innovation to draw on, the current pacifica incorporates everything the automaker learned along the way. that includes stow \u2018n\u2019 go fold-flat seating, a proven 3.5-liter v6 engine and available all-wheel drive. modern touches include a hybrid variant that offers up to 30 miles of battery-only operation, thoughtful interior accommodations, and the latest version of the automaker\u2019s intuitive uconnect infotainment system. new for 2023 is the road tripper package, which brings brilliant orange exterior badging, wheel accents and graphics; a roof rack compatible with a range of mopar (the company\u2019s official parts and accessories brand) carriers for bicycles and cargo, and a trailer tow package rated for up to 3600 pounds of capability. the road tripper package is available on pacifica touring l and pacifica touring l hybrid models in a choice of three exterior colors. regardless of trim or powertrain, the pacifica delivers a solid build, a quiet ride, a comfortable, spacious interior and an attractive exterior, making for an overall package that\u2019s hard to beat. now in its fifth generation, the honda odyssey remains a solid contender in the shrinking minivan arena. though it began life as a much smaller vehicle than its peers at the time, the second-generation model grew in size and adopted a more americanized styling ethos which it\u2019s maintained ever since. the current model received a mild refresh for 2021, and the odyssey\u2019s styling remains the most adventurous. smartly designed and loaded with features (including a vacuum) in elite trim, it drives better than it should. a 3.5-liter v6 good for 280 horsepower and 262 pound-feet of torque sends its output to a smooth-shifting 10-speed automatic transmission. standard wheel-mounted paddle shifters let you pretend you\u2019re in a sportier vehicle. 2023 brought a mild reshuffling of the trims\u2014 lx trim discontinued, mid-grade sport trim added\u2014and a new sonic gray pearl available on sport, touring, and elite trims, but otherwise, the odyssey carries into 2023 unchanged. if it has any glaring or obvious faults, it\u2019s that the odyssey doesn\u2019t have an available hybrid powertrain or the option of all-wheel drive. neither is a deal-breaker for most buyers, but with competitors adopting both technologies, the odyssey risks getting left behind. for that reason, and the fact that the current model is a half-a decade old, we expect to see a new version within the next three years as honda expands its hybrid footprint across the lineup. kia made a big deal out of not calling the then new carnival a minivan at its 2021 launch. \u201cit\u2019s a multi-purpose vehicle (mpv) kia insisted. two years on, the maker hasn\u2019t changed its tune. but whatever you wish to call it, its size, design and feature set put it in direct competition with minivans. to wit: it has two sliding doors, a front-engine, front-wheel drive and a large interior optimized for people and stuff. cleverly, it packages most of the attributes of its flagship telluride suv into a long-roof body emphasizing comfort and space. and while the current competition is going for flowing, aerodynamic style, the carnival wears chiseled bodywork and square windows in an attempt to say that minivans don\u2019t have to feel like a compromise in automotive decision-making. motivation comes from a 3.5-liter v6 rated for 290 horsepower and 262 pound-feet of torque.\nan eight-speed automatic transmission handles the fear swaps. like the odyssey, no hybrid is currently available, but given the maker\u2019s push into hybridization and evs elsewhere in its lineup, we wouldn\u2019t be surprised if it has one in the works. still, it has plenty of passing power and an epa-estimated 26 mpg in highway travel. moreover, it doesn\u2019t go weak in the knees when pushed, the ride is pleasant and its brakes are matched perfectly, making for a seamless and smooth driving experience. with two years to reflect on the carnival mpv, we appreciate its fresh shape, decent value and unique positioning. to us, it\u2019s still a minivan, but we find it slightly disappointing that kia feels they need to sidestep the term in order to resonate with buyers. launched in 1988 as \u201cthe camry of minivans,\u201d the sienna replaced the quirky previa in the maker\u2019s domestic lineup. the current fourth-generation version arrived for the 2021 model year as a hybrid-only proposition, putting a new spin on the minivan formula. so equipped, it quickly catapulted to the top of the fuel-economy ratings with an official epa estimate of 36 mpg combined, city and highway. it\u2019s also one of only two minivans to offer optional all-wheel drive, with an electric motor driving the rear wheels and no space-consuming driveshaft. on the downside, it trails the segment in cargo room, and the second-row seats are fixed permanently with no simple way to remove or stow them. the thrifty powertrain also behaves indifferently and sends mixed signals, which contributes to its lackluster overall dynamics. but again, few people shop a minivan against a sports car, so it probably won\u2019t affect sales. the sienna\u2019s fascia\u2014said to be inspired by shinkansen japanese bullet train\u2014is a polarizing design with a protruding upper lip over a voluminous grille. on the other hand, the sienna earned a top five-star rating from the national highway traffic safety administration (nhtsa) and a top safety pick+ from the insurance institute for highway safety (iihs). as a family transport, the sienna offers fantastic fuel economy, a comfortable, if slightly smaller, interior, and the added security of all-wheel drive. for 2023, our ratings categories are:. for partnership inquiries please reach out to us at\n            partnerships@forbeswheels.com. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. with the upcoming holiday season upon us, more and more families will find themselves making trips to visit their loved ones. that upcoming travel can bring a sense of dread \u2013 long road trips, angry kids, and plenty of \u201cstuff\u201d to take with you\u2026.and not enough space for all of it!\u00a0 if that sounds like you, you may be (or soon to be!) looking for the best minivan to make life much easier for you and your family. minivans of today are not what they used to be.\u00a0 with continual improvements to exterior design, new interior features to keep the kids busy, and high safety ratings, minivans are again becoming a safe and reliable choice for many families.\u00a0 there are even new hybrid options out now, which is good news, considering more states are improving access to electric (and hybrid) vehicles. are minivans sounding more intriguing?\u00a0 you\u2019re not alone.\u00a0minivan sales were up 14% in 2021, according to car sales base.\u00a0the 2023 lineup of minivans has a wide range of features and options without breaking your bank.\u00a0 the new class of minivans is highlighted with options that will surely get you the best \u201cbang for your buck\u201d and also improved gas mileage. getting a great value on a new minivan, or paying less in gas this holiday season might actually bring a little more christmas joy to your household, as many households are planning to cut back on christmas gifts due to rising costs. looking to make the jump to a new minivan?\u00a0 don\u2019t look further. we visited 10 of the leading expert websites to see which minivans were the very best of their class for 2023. topping the charts for minivans is the new and improved honda odyssey.\u00a0 one of the top selling minivans year after year, the odyssey continues to impress with their 2023 model. noted for its range of options, performance while driving, interior comfort, high safety ratings, and ability to handle any task thrown it\u2019s way, the odyssey was the top choice by experts. the odyssey scored a five-star rating from the national high traffic safety administration, and truecar highlighted the safety of the odyssey, noting that the odyssey has the \u201chighest safety ratings and (features) honda\u2019s reputation for reliability.\u201d. those looking for comfort while driving, while not sacrificing functionality should have no fears with the odyssey.\u00a0kelley blue book raved about the odyssey, stating that the odyssey is \u201cspacious, well built, well thought out, refined, and reliable.\u201d. whether taking the kids to practice, a vacation with the family, or to run errands, the odyssey was the minivan of choice. flexibility and comfortability were also consistently mentioned, edmunds was a fan, saying that the odyssey featured \u201ctons of versatility, a car-like driving experience and a list of available features the length of your arm, the odyssey is an easy top pick. the chrysler pacifica also was a consistent top choice by auto experts. the 2023 pacifica actually has two options \u2013 a traditional engine or plug-in hybrid option. the pacifica is the only minivan on the market today that is available as a plug-in hybrid. the 2023 pacifica was noted for its maneuverability, functionality, and \u201cfanciness.\u201d that\u2019s right, fanciness!\u00a0gear patrol gave glowing marks for the interior and exterior look of the pacficia, noting that the pacifica now features a \u201cmore suv-like appearance and a new super-lux pinnacle trim,\u201d noting that the pinnacle trim \u201cbrings the minivan to full-on luxury territory.\u201d. the pacifica was also highly rated for the power it packs, while not sacrificing on gas mileage. the 3.6l v6 engine on the pacifica \u201cis a strong, smooth engine when it needs to be, but also returns pretty good fuel economy at cruising speeds,\u201d traction life writes. lastly, flexibility was a major advantage of the pacifica. the wealth of features and options on the pacifica, including stow \u2018n go seats, allow the pacifica to be \u201cproficient at shuttling around eight passengers as it is capable of moving a dorm room\u2019s worth of stuff,\u201d says\u00a0us news. coming up next on the list of top minivans was the kia carnival.\u00a0 for those looking for a minivan that doesn\u2019t feel like a minivan, the kia carnival might be your choice. \u00a0 we\u2019re not alone in that line of thinking: \u201cthe 2023 kia carnival could be the ideal minivan for people who would rather not buy a minivan,\u201d explains\u00a0kelley blue book. though the carnival still features much of the \u201ctraditional\u201d features of a minivan \u2013 like power-sliding doors, three row seating, and plenty of space, it feels different (in a good way). true car agrees, making a point of mentioning that the carnival\u2019s \u201cexterior design \u2014 which features a flatter nose and more upright styling than other minivans \u2014 makes it look more like a large suv. but don\u2019t let the new look fool you \u2013 it still boasts power and functionality needed from families, notes gear patrol:\u00a0\u201cthe kia carnival \u201cdelivers a poised, well-balanced ride \u2014 more than a bit reminiscent of the telluride \u2014 with a robust v6 engine and a legitimate drive mode selector that includes a sport mode.\u201d. rounding out the list of top minivans according to studies is the toyota sienna. the sienna was praised for its top of the class fuel economy, quiet rides and sleek look.\u00a0 however, the sienna received some low grades for performance. for families who travel a lot, the sienna might be the minivan of choice with 36mpg in combined driving. with rising gas prices, that alone is a huge separator, as gearpatrol highlights:. \u201cbut the toyota sienna provides something most of the competition \u2014 minivan or three-row suv \u2014 does not: outstanding fuel economy and all-wheel drive in the same vehicle. that\u2019s the sort of game-changer that can bring buyers into the minivan fold.\u201d. for those looking to take long trips, this might be the choice for you.\u00a0 the sienna also received high grades for comfort, with forbes remarking that \u201cevery seat in the sienna is spacious and comfortable.\u201d. though the sienna received high grades for comfort and fuel efficiency, it did receive low marks for performance and the brakes.\u00a0 as edmunds notes within their review, the sienna features \u201cslow acceleration, especially with a full load of people and cargo aboard,\u201d while also noting that the \u201cbrakes feel uneven, making it hard to come to a smooth stop.\u201d. note: this article was not paid for nor sponsored. studyfinds is not connected to nor partnered with any of the brands mentioned and receives no compensation for its recommendations. view kyle's article archive. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. best fantasy books of all-time: top 5 novels most recommended by reviewersa robot snake could help nasa scientists make contact with alien lifebest pillows: top 5 cozy brands most recommended by expertsbest frozen pizzas: top 5 freezer slices most recommended by experts. use promo code sfship for free shipping. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. the carnival is the best value imo, but good luck finding one.  the sienna only comes in the hybrid, so that might be good for you, but i personally would only want a v6.   the odyssey has the v6.   the pacific is great but i don\u2019t trust chrysler reliability, even though my ram trucks have been fine sienna for sure i think a lot depends on your needs. we needed 8 comfortable seats more than 4w drive. the odyssey is the most comfortable if you need to fill the seats so that's what we got. have only had it a few months, but very impressed with the quality of the interior and its fun to drive. we made the right choice for us. we had to search hard, but found a dealer selling for no markup or mandatory accessories and waited 6 weeks.if you order now, there's a good chance you'd be reserving a 2023 odyssey as dealers have them in their allocations for april and may, but little is known besides a special edition in between ex and exl trims.i wanted the sienna for the 4w drive and hybrid, but only the le comes with those and 8 seats and lost enthusiasm after sitting in one. it just wasn't as well put together and not as comfortable as an odyssey with 8 seats. we never drove it, as it was clearly not going to work for us so we didn't want to waste anyone's time. make sure you climb into the third row if you want anyone sitting back there on a regular basis. the windows are small and the roof low. i'm still jealous of that sweet gas mileage though and maybe it's nicer at higher trim levels.we didn't try the kia, there seem to be so few on dealer lots and a lot of dealers are playing games. from the specs, it seemed they sacrificed some third row leg room for more cargo space, so that was one concern. we aren't that familiar with the brand and were also a bit worried about value plummeting when the market normalizes, whereas toyota and honda held their value better in times before the market went nuts, too. sienna's hybrid powertrain (awd optional) appeals to me but the non-easily-removable second row is potentially a dealbreaker if it was me buying. the carnival or odyssey have no awd option, i'd lean odyssey but available equipment, out-the-door pricing and actual availability will likely contribute to your decision more than we'd normally like. if you want awd, sienna and pacifica are your only options. sienna's awd is a hybrid system so much more fuel efficient, and more reliable. however, if you want electric, then the pacifica has the only plug in hybrid electric drivetrain in this class. alas, the phev option is not available with awd. but reviews of the pacifica say it does have a nice interior and decent handling, albeit questionable reliability. all those models are good. chrysler pacifica / voyager are available with discounts. the others might be marked up. don't buy any with mark-ups, its a rip-off. kia carnival i love my 2022 awd sienna.  it was down to a choice between the sienna (hybrid only) and the pacifica plug-in hybrid... honestly i can't imagine paying full price for a car that gets 20mpg in 2022.  i really like the idea of the 30ish all electric miles that you can get with the pacifica.but in the end, even though i think they are both very fine vehicles, the toyota just appealed to us more.  i wanted awd, i don't like the look of the pacifics's gauges/dashboard/center stack, i'm wary of chrysler quality, and i just love the toyota style inside and out.  i have no regrets. it's basically going to be our do everything road trip and vacation car. it's so comfortable and drives like a dream. it's very roomy but i just got the oem cross bars and am planning on getting a roof box soon.  i'm looking forward to the eight hour drive to our vacation spot this summer. tv vans are kings of the paved road. period. more cargo space by far, better fuel economy, cheaper and usually very comfortable to drive. sienna. on my second, and it has 125k miles on it and drives great. 2009 was first, current is 2014. might get another despite kids being grown for the most part. cross country road trips with 6 people and their shit, 2 of which were teenage girls. lol. the sienna hands down will be the best for reliability, and it'll get the best fuel economy as well. tons of taxi cabs use toyota hybrids (mostly camry, but also rav4s) every day, and the sienna has the same powertrain as those. the new kia carnival is *dope* for a minivan. miata. just cram em in, tell em to suck it up\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffb i\u2019d get the new sienna hybrid. you\u2019ll get toyota reliability and super good mpgs. really hard to beat just bought a 2021 sienna because my wife said awd was non-negotiable.  it's slow to pass or go over mountains. the second row seats are not removable and do not fold flat horizontally (pacifica)  or vertically (kia sedona). the third row seats do not fold completely flat and do not lock into place when down. this makes the trunk space uneven and the seats bounce up and down if you go over bumps.  the cargo capacity is lowest in the class.  warranty and mpg are great. reliability is unknown as it's a completely new design.  if i had my choice, i would've gone with the carnival.  removable second row seats, nicer interior, v6, more overall cargo space with a flat surface, nicer design (imo). kia carnivalit looks brilliant compared to the rest of the minivans on the market. if you just want reliability and cheap, then you can't go wrong with a base model sienna. honestly suvs are terrible family vehicles, too high up for kids, the seating isn't all that great and cargo isn't much. minivans are so much better on all fronts. no advice on models though sorry. can't go wrong with the honda or toyota.  avoid the kia we have the 2021 sienna (it's a carryover for 2022, so same model) and we love it.  it being a hybrid has been great with the gas prices so high ($1.47/l!).  the ride is comfy.  it has loads of space.  would 100% recommend very jealous\u2014 i love a minivan. echoing the folks saying you can\u2019t go wrong with toyota or honda, avoid the kia. good luck finding a honda odyssey or toyota sienna. i have been wanting one of these for the last 6 months and they don\u2019t have them in stock anywhere near me. i found one odyssey but they wanted 48k for the basic model which is ridiculous(should be like 35k). can\u2019t even find any decent used ones for under 40k. this market sucks. wish you luck maybe your area has more options. with that said they are both great. i don\u2019t know much about the kia but always heard they aren\u2019t great. i have a chrysler grand caravan so can't say about the ones you're choosing between, but i wanted to stand behind the no to kia. we love our odyssey. with the ex trim and higher, you can remove a seat from the middle row and then easily slide the remaining seats along a track. it's great because i can put baby into the car seat close to the door while standing outside (perfect height for me), then slide him inwards if we need access to the back. i have lower back issues and find the driver's seat comfortable, but it's a bit difficult for me to get in and out of the back if my husband drives and i'm sitting with the kids because the platform is high. i'm 5'4. sienna was great 200k no problems. i'll never touch a kia again ever. i\u2019ve never had a brand new one but i\u2019ve had 3 different honda odyssey\u2019s and i can say they have been the most dependable vehicle. i totaled one and thankfully everyone was safe, the second is still going strong after i sold it to a friend with over 300,000 miles on it, and the third is our current family car. we\u2019ve had two siennas and have been very happy with both lol.....whichever one has the best compartment to hold your soul until you no longer have to drive a minivan anymore. :)  j/k.  :)personally, i'd get the kia.  the honda and the toyota are wonderful vehicles, but you can also spend over $50k on them.  i'm sorry......i just cannot see doing that.  $50k is inflection point where a vehicle needs to be more than utilitarian transportation.  at $50k the vehicle should start to inspire poetry or move your soul when you see it or hear it's engine.  ergo.....save $10k and buy the kia.  it's 98% as good and when you have kids, the thing is full of child-trash all the time anyway: mcd's trash, half-drunk waters, gum spit onto the carpets, etc.  no sense and letting children destroy a nice vehicle.  :) i\u2019m a toyota fan. everything toyota.  so i like the sienna a lot. odyssey is the greatest. it is my favourite possession. we put three kids across the middle bench and fold down the back seats. you can casually toss a whale (or multiple bikes / stroller / sports gear etc.) without a thought. it is glorious. quite glad to see the odyssey contingent so strong!i live in the uk so oydsseys are all grey imports so was thinking of going for the best local equivalent in the form of the honda stream when i'm going to change cars. just waiting for the hellcat engine to find its way into the pacifica, then i\u2019ll by a dad wagon. i would cast my vote for the chrysler pacifica.  the stow and go is so useful, the fuel economy is great, the technology package is great for kids and parents, the heated seats/steering wheel are nice, the number of usb charging points and 110v outlet come in handy often, adaptive cruise works great, handles towing very well, the 20 speaker sound system sounds excellent, and it\u2019s by far the best looking option as far as minivans go.  also one of my favorite things about the pacifica is the sound deadening material and extra thick glass in the windows that provide a quiet ride. huge selling point for me.odyssey and sienna are solid options, but nothing about them makes them stand out. chrysler really put effort into making the pacifica a nice vehicle for families and imo they did a great job. the new sienna is badass and toyota has the best cvt transmissions in the industry. honda has become very conservative as they navigate the ev rollout and has turned me away from the brand, very boring company now. the reliability from honda isn\u2019t what it use to be. i'm looking at a chrysler just because they seem to be the most plentiful to buy used. i'm not a huge fan of chrysler/dodge/keep though. curious to hear what other people say.i think there aren't any used siennas for sale because people don't want to get rid of them! i\u2019m team odyssey. siennas are nice too. go sit in either and you\u2019ll have your preference. not a chrysler fan. i've done light research because i'm thinking of getting one next year. i'm leaning towards a phev suv for now, but if i switched to minivans, i'd go with a sienna. hybrid plus awd. the honda odyssey is the way to go. it has a great engine that keeps chugging and if you get that side bump protector, it doesn't look too terrible. chryslers should \"i'm a grandpa!\" for whatever reason. also, my wife promised me when we got married 17 years ago she'd never own a van. three kids later, she 'doesn't mind' the odyssey which is as high praise as possible.upvotes to all the other odyssey comments! stow and go is a damn miracle, should be mentioned. you can load up the entire car without removing seats.  and you knock it on storage but the stow and go storage is super tidy and out of the way. best place to keep jumper cables, first aid kits, and other necessities. i thought the pacifica had or soon will have available awd as well?  (not that i\u2019d ever get a minivan) i just want to add, in my opinion the odyssey is the nicest driving of them. tight steering, the engine is powerful throughout the revs, good breaks, it\u2019s definitely the drivers car of the bunch. it's ridiculous about how much better vans are for many individuals, yet they have to stick to getting a way more impractical vehicle becuase they can't handle the stigma (not like highlanders aren't the modern soccer mom vehicle). i just want a high hp awd minivan.  nothing crazy,  but maybe a twin turbo set up 500/500. minivans handle better too. i mean they might not be great for xc or off roading but they have zero body roll because manufacturers can't afford to have them tip over. thr ride is nice, not that much stiffer.  the pilot has too much body roll.  the highlander is a little better but its rx350 twin both handles better and rides smoother.  so i'm either getting a sienna or moving up to luxury because of the ride i own an 2014 sienna limited, and cannot for the life of me understand owning a crossover. it\u2019s such a compromise. it\u2019s vehicle with mediocre off-road ability mixed with mediocre practicality. if you buy a highlander over a sienna, you\u2019re basically posing. don\u2019t get me wrong, i\u2019d love a *real* suv\u2014a body on frame 4x4 like a 4runner or gx 460\u2013but with two young kids and child seats and strollers and a \u201csmall potty\u201d nothing is better than a minivan. thank you for the kind shout out!  this is an awesome post and super well written.have a nice day! for someone who needs a large vehicle for cargo space- which do you recommend? seating isn\u2019t really an issue here, but i regularly transport a lot of stuff so the convience of loading and unloading and the ability to comfortably fit a lot of stuff without having the car crammed full is a must for me. i would want the car to also double as my daily driver. are minivans really better than compact or 3 row suvs with the seats folded down when we\u2019re taking about cargo space? it\u2019s hard to visualize for me and cubic feet don\u2019t necessarily mean a whole lot. for reference, i\u2019m taking a canopy tent, folding tables, chairs, a cooler, storage bins; display racks, and plenty of items of varying sizes that i\u2019m needing to transport. i\u2019m contemplating between a slightly used sienna or a compact suv. the compact is cheaper, but not by a whole lot so it seems worth it for the extra space (and we don\u2019t need the seats, but wouldn\u2019t hurt to have them for when we have visitors or go out with a group of friends or go camping). but it feels odd considering a minivan without a bunch of kids? do people just not like the vans for the stigma? i really wish some of the global manufacturers offered some of their euro market minivans here (looking at you, ford tourneo and volkswagen transporter t6). with #vanlife trending there's a sizeable market for minivans and very few options on the market. those large suv actually don't have a lot of room inside. stick with odyssey or sienna if you like your odyssey, feel free to get another one, they're pretty solid, albeit they do look a bit old in the design dept. other options are the toyota sienna and the kia sedona/carnival toyota sienna hybridit might take 18 months to deliver but it's unbeatable for the price imo. odyssey would be my choice i know you discounted the pacifica earlier, but they are worth a look. chrysler pretty much invented the minvan, so they know what they are doing. the stow-n-go seating is the most amazing feature i have even seen on a minivan. with the seats up, you get a huge basement to store luggage in. but if you need the space, they all easily fold flat into the floor. i believe that out of competition, it also has the highest roof load rating, even accepting a roof tent with adult occupants on the roof rack. the pacifica is a good value, offering lots of features without the toyota inflated pricing and even comes in awd! cpo toyota sienna with low miles and a good trim is the only way to go! good lord only 160k miles already breaking down i'd honestly get a toyota sienna over the odyssey, just because the mpg of the odyssey is so bad. we were just in the same boat, our 2014 odyssey had 174k miles and felt like it was going to fall apart at any second. found a new kia carnival on a lot and bought it yesterday. it\u2019s the only one that has a usable middle seat . siennas is a joke, odysseys is better but not great but the kia\u2019s is actually a real seat and with 6 kids still in the house we use every seat. consumer reports rates the 2023/2022 odyssey, sienna, carnival all a 79 and all 3 are rated average for reliability. if buying used stay away from any odyssey with the zf 9-speed transmission i think honda stopped using that transmission in 2020. of the 3 the sienna is the only one that has available awd and also the only hybrid, that would be my choice personally but the downside is it isn\u2019t as roomy as the others nor can the second row be removed or stowed. the last gen used siennas al safety score isn\u2019t that good if buying used. kia looks the best and could easily be mistaken for a suv it\u2019s just too bad they don\u2019t offer awd to go with the good suv look. minivan is 100% the way to go. no other cars offer that amount is space while still being car like to drive, having decent fuel efficiency, and not costing 50k+. do not buy a car based on the \u201centertainment\u201d most manufacturers charge 2-3k for the tv screens. just buy them a fire tablet for $100. for kids and road trips, minivans are worth their weight in gold. can't slam a sliding door into the neighboring car. the 3rd row is useful - and usable. they are just more pleasant to drive at highway speeds.  the carnival is good looking, sienna is the sensible choice, the honda has some nice quirks and features, and the pacifica phev could be a decent choice if it supports your lifestyle -- or the pacifica awd if you need that, because it's basically the only van left with mechanical awd. i would suggest the kia carnival my wife ended up preferring the honda odyssey after test driving that, the toyota sienna and kia sedona last year. honestly it\u2019s been great for hauling both kids, dog and all their assorted stuff places. my wife was firmly anti mini van before kids and and firmly pro mini van now. this is a surprising post, someone actually wants a minivan. all these people want 3rd row suvs now. i just think it's weird, minivans are designed from the ground up to be perfect family haulers but people are just like \"nah i'd rather have a truck that was redesigned to kinda sorta fit more people in it because trucks.\"edit: to answer your question you can't go wrong with a toyota sienna or honda odyssey. both very reliable and practical, just get whichever one you like driving more. honda odyssey or toyota sienna. end of story. seinna without a doubt sienna is the winner here. modern and fuel efficient. toyota sienna awd!!! all hybrids for all trim levels of sienna. 36+ mpg. sienna. it\u2019s the most reliable of the options available and it comes as a hybrid ~~(optional)~~. it has a nice interior, though it should be noted that some of its rivals outclass it slightly in that aspect. year and budget? the sienna's been much more reliable, and honestly you should consider the sedona, too, which has surprisingly respectable reliability without having the strong resale of the odyssey. a used 2021 or newer sienna hybrid?  i bet those are a steal lol sienna, i have seen and driven 6 that were all over 400k miles and my mechanic has a 06 with 734k miles that he bought from a customer that had put the first 657k miles on it.edit: the honda is good i just have not seen them go as long they will get to 200k miles i just have not seen one go past 300k. it\u2019s been awhile i will readily admit, but everyone i know who bought a used honda minivan ended up having to replace the transmission. not necessarily with high mileage either \u2014 it was like they hit a certain age and then \u201cpop!\u201d it\u2019s time for a new one. so perhaps the toyota, by name at least, is a better buy. but as with any used vehicle, i think you\u2019re better served by getting the one that has the least deferred maintenance, and most complete service records. can't go wrong with either one. my odyssey has been super reliable , comfortable and surprisingly nimble. just try driving both and buy the one that feels good to you. doesn\u2019t compute.  neither option appears to be a miata. i have an odyssey. mom has a sienna. odyssey is way cooler. had an 07 odyssey to 234k. sold it to a friend's mother in law and she has added another 100k miles to it. sienna all the way, mine is 17 years old sienna has the option of awd. the honda doesn\u2019t. and the sienna has better resale value, lower cost of ownership, and still looks better than the honda. so the sienna wins in my book. the sienna is by far the most reliable,  second place is the honda odyssey but certain years and transmissions they use aren't good on the honda.the sienna can be had with awd, dual sunroofs (one over the back seat) a rear seat entertainment system and second row captain chairs that recline and have a pop up foot rest like a la-z-boy.  the second sunroof and la-z-boy seats are rare options only found on the limited edition 2011+, not on xlethe sienna is the only van with awd except for a 2003 and older caravan or a 2020+ pacifica i get that everyone will immediately see dodge and say \"it's a pos\", but... real talk...it's not as bad as people say. sure, it's not as reliable as a odyssey or sienna, but it's also not going to spontaneously explode at 75k miles either. the engine and transmission have been in use since 2010-2011, and are pretty damn solid. the platform dates back to 2008, and they've worked a lot of the kinks out.for the money, they offer a ton of options/features. stow'n go seats might be the best thing available on any minivan. uconnect is a very, very good infotainment system. for my money (especially as someone that lives in a rust state), i'd much rather have a 2018, 45k mile decently-optioned grand caravan than a 2013, 100k mile base model sienna. my family bought a 2007 sienna w/ 166k for $3700 in 2019.  since then, we have driven 20k miles and have replaced the alternator ($300), changed tires ($600), outside of oil changes.  my uncle traded in his 2008 pathfinder for a 2008 sienna recently as well for a commuting car for work and he has also been loving it.i would highly recommend a used sienna as they are tanks in terms of reliability and are really roomy compared to suvs.  anything under 150k miles with a clean history (ours had one owner for 12 years and no accidents) should be a safe bet. we decided on a 2016 sienna with 48k miles! it was 22,000 but well worth it. the 2018 dodge gc we looked at already had several rusty suspension parts, vs absolutely zero rust on the sienna! i guess that\u2019s why toyota has a 5 year/60,000 rust warranty lol. but we are going to spray it down with some rust prevention and add it to our car wash subscription so we never have a rust bucket again. thank you for all the suggestions! sienna you say you don\u2019t want rust and have had bad experiences with chrysler products. every one i have seen has had major rust issues after a few years, grandpa had a ram pickup with less than 70k miles and it needed a bed as well as three exhaust systems in that time even though he took the best care he could of it as well as numerous other repairs. the chrysler products my friends have had all experienced various electrical and mechanical faults. given all that, i personally don\u2019t plan on touching a chrysler product (dodge and jeep included) for a good while and i advise the same with you. they just turn into money pits after a couple years and some miles.i and my extended family have plenty of experience with sienna vans of various generations and i can\u2019t think of a single major issue any of them have had, rust included. yeah they get surface rust but nothing structural or causing major body blemishes. some of these vans are 15+ years old and have heaps of miles but still keep going. i can personally attest to the durability of the 2gr v6 engines in them, i drove one in high school and part of college with over 200k doing hard pulls and burnouts all over and never had a single issue. if you can get one, even if it is a few years older to get the features you want, i would do it, it will not let you down even if it has some miles on it. sedonas are decent afaik another odd option i have heard from people cross shopping minivans is the ford flex. i'm not a fan of the styling, but anyone i've known who's had one, loved it. the flex is a a small suv, but it is practical and drives more like a minivan than an suv. you'd have to live without sliding doors though. mercedes r500. sedona is my bet. the wildcard option is a slightly smaller mazda5 or transit connect but the passenger models of the latter may be harder to find. an old previa. mid engine, awd, manual, with a supercharger. can be had for a quarter of your max for one is decent shape. save the $6k. even if the motor is shot a decent mr2 donor car usually goes for less than 2k.  get a honda odyssey. if you want the older bodystyle, get the 2004 and nothing earlier, as those had transmission problems. i don't know much about the newer ones. our 2004 has been great. it drives well and after almost 9 years everything still works.  yes there is. they are cheap and flooded the market. if u want a great van for $8000, you cannot go wrong with a honda. just make sure to have the tranny checked.  that was the only service notice we had at the shop about them. stay away from the mid-2000s hondas.  the transmission on those is a known weak point.  the 5at was fine when specced on the accord v6, but the extra weight from minivan and suv body styles over-tax the internals when i't used in the pilot and the odyssey deleted  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5331  [^^^what ^^^is ^^^this?](https://pastebin.com/fcrfs94k/97262) the japanese cars (honda, nissan, mazda) are your best bet. the dodge/ chryslers will make you rethink your whole life. they are just miserable. what do you guys think about a 2002 toyota sienna ??  toyota sienna. we used a 2002 as a truck, offroading vehicle, people hauler etc. been in about 5 accidents... never left us stranded. about 200k on it now and we've been told by a mechanic that specializes in toyota that there's no reason the powertrain couldn't do that many again. as long as you give it (somewhat) proper maitenance that vehicle will go to hell and back without complaint. hondas are also nice. i can say from personal experience that chrysler and nissan vans are junk throwaway cars. sienna, with awd, i have 2008 model; however brand new and fully loaded it was 43k.  while the other brands are generally known for their reliability, i'm sure there's a good reason why the chrysler/dodge vans are the best selling by a pretty wide margin.  buying a minivan instead of an suv is a great choice minivans provide the most spacious versatile and cost-effective solution for large families plus minivan cabins can be configured from strictly functional to living room plush most minivans have seven or eight seats with captain's chairs rather than a bench seat which means they will provide more comfortable seating than a three-row suv can now the question is which minivan is the most reliable fuel efficient and offers the best value for money that's what we're going to find out let's get started starting off with number four on our list which is the 2023 kia carnival if you're looking for an attractive suv like minivan then the kia carnival is a great option to consider the kia carnival is one of the good looking minivan on the market no matter what angle you view also the carnival has the most impressive interior too with lots of interior space lots of cargo space and plenty of room both the second and third row seats and of course you could option it with either seven or eight seating depending on what you prefer an 8.0 inch infotainment display is standard while 12.3 inch dual display is also available as an option on the top trim the sx prestige you'll find leather upholstery with second row reclining seats and pop-up foot rest as well additionally the sx prestige trim offers a 12-speaker bose sound system with external amplifier all kia carnival comes with a simple naturally aspirated 3.5 liter v6 engine with around 290 horsepower and is mated to an 8-speed automatic transmission in with front-wheel drive system with up to 3 500 pounds towing capacity the carnival also offers all the latest safety features including standard automatic emergency braking lane keeping assist and adaptive cruise control plus you get the class leading 10 years or 100 000 miles warranty and really aggressive pricing too despite the carnival is not as fuel efficient as some of its competitors with only 22 miles per gallon combined and only front-wheel drive many buyers are not satisfied with this so if you're looking for something more efficient an all-wheel drive which is very important on a large size vehicle then another minivan on our list might be perfect for you which is the 2023 chrysler pacifica the 2023 chrysler pacifica is the perfect choice for families on the go with spacious seating in all three rows ample cargo space and a host of standard features the chrysler pacifica offers everything you need for comfortable and convenient travel all pacifica comes equipped with a simple 3.6 liter v6 that makes 287 horsepower and 262 pound-feet of torque front wheel drive is standard while all-wheel drive can be added for a few extra dollars and the pacifica is the only minivan that offers plug-in hybrid powertrain options featuring the same 3.6 liter v6 along with two electric motors and a 16 kilowatt hour battery pack this means that you will get 84 mpge combined and an impressive 33 miles of pure electric range as well although the plug-in hybrid variants come with a somewhat high starting msrp which we don't recommend to our viewers we highly recommend the mid-range touring l trim as the best value for the money and it offers plenty of additional features over the base model additionally the touring l front wheel drive variant has a fuel economy of 19 miles per gallon in the city and 28 miles per gallon on the highway when it comes to the towing capacity well the pacifica can tow up to 3 600 pounds which is about 100 pounds more capacity than the kia carnival the interior is well designed the minimalist dashboard comes standard with a 10.1 inch touchscreen with android auto and apple carplay and a 7.0 inch driver display also the pacifica comes standard with a lengthy list of safety features including automatic emergency braking blind spot monitoring and adaptive cruise control despite the pacifica having a poor predicted reliability score and the base trim starting at somewhat high msrp if you're looking for something reliable and cheaper then let's check out the number two vehicle on our list which is the 2023 honda odyssey if you're looking for long-term reliability better performance strong build quality and practicality in a minivan than the 2023 honda odyssey is worth considering under the hood the odyssey has a very reliable engine which is a naturally aspirated 3.5 liter v6 not only is this a very reliable engine but it also produces plenty of power too with around 280 horsepower and 262 pound-feet of torque the transmission duties are taken care of by a 10-speed automatic and front-wheel drive system the odyssey is also quick on its feet it takes only 6.6 seconds to hit 60 miles per hour additionally the odyssey offers a great driving experience with a solid ride comfortable suspension and good handling as well the interior is spacious and made of quality materials and has lots of storage space the odyssey also offers a choice of either a seven or eight seats configuration which you can choose depending on your needs all odyssey model gets an 8.0 inch touchscreen display with android auto and apple carplay although the infotainment display is quite dated the 2023 honda odyssey comes with five different trim levels to choose from while we recommend the mid-range trim the xl which features leather upholstery a moon roof and a power tailgate as well these extra features are ones your family will love in terms of safety features the odyssey features all the latest features you could want in a minivan including standard automatic emergency braking adaptive cruise control and blind spot monitoring and yes the odyssey earns a five-star overall safety rating from the national highway traffic safety administration the towing capacity is good it can tow up to 3 500 pounds with that said though the odyssey does have a few downsides such as the fuel economy is not impressive according to the epa it can deliver 19 miles per gallon in the city and 28 miles per gallon on the highway and like the carnival you can only get odyssey with the front wheel drive which is another drawback so what's a car shopper to do well look no further than the top pick on our list which is the 2023 toyota sienna the toyota sienna takes the top spot for the best minivan with its long-term reliability rugged exterior design excellent fuel economy and top-notch safety features toyota has added a special limited edition to celebrate siena's 25th anniversary and only 2 525 units of them will be produced and will be based on the stylish xse trim however we recommend buyers should stick to the most popular mid-range xle trim as the best value for money because it starts at around forty two thousand five hundred dollars and offers a simple 2.5 liter four-cylinder engine paired with an electric motor which produces a combined output of 245 horsepower that's enough power to navigate easily through any traffic scenario all 2023 sienna trims come with standard front-wheel drive while all-wheel drive can be added simply by paying an extra 760 dollars which seems to be a worthy upgrade and according to epa estimate the sienna will deliver an impressive 36 mpg in the city and 36 mpg on the highway with a front-wheel drive system and it has only one mile less with the all-wheel drive system which is not even close to any rival the sienna's interior is well equipped and all trims offer standard eight passenger seats while a seven passenger seat layout is also available and optional second row captain's chairs will make your long journey more comfortable the minimalist dashboard comes with a standard 9.0 inch infotainment touchscreen with android auto and apple carplay while our recommended trim the xle offers synthetic leather upholstery multi-zone automatic climate control and heated front seats as well plus the sienna has the same 3005 500 pound towing capacity when it comes to the safety features well the sienna comes with toyota's latest safety sense 3.0 which includes all the latest safety features and driver assistance technology however you can't remove the sienna second row seats which is a downside for some consumers despite this for those who are looking for great fuel efficiency long-term reliability and sky-high resale value the toyota sienna is definitely worth considering let us know in the comments section which minivan would you consider and please consider subscribing for more helpful content thanks for watching  okay so getting up and moving here with the odyssey um first off just like most minivans really comfortable with the suspension hey everyone it's ben hardy here and in today's gonna be going over the 2023 honda odyssey before we get in this video though a huge shout out link to the stockton 12 honda here in utah for give me some time with this odyssey i'll include a link to their inventory in the description down below so you can check out what they have currently if you have any questions you need any help just ask for john and then on a side note if you want to save time and money the next time you purchase a car link to my carbine guide in the description down below let's get into it [music] thank you foreign under the hood we have a naturally aspirated 3.5 liter v6 that goes through a 10-speed automatic transmission fuel economy's 19 around town and then 28 on the highway with power puts being 280 horsepower and then 262 pound-feet of torque on the front end i do it and i recommend you subscribe because i post content every single day so starting with the hood itself you guys can see flat there in the center and then you've got some nice body lines there on either side really sharp looking led headlights here with the daytime running light and then you guys can see the fog light action down below parking sensors integrated onto the front end and then you can see the honda logo there front and center and putting it all together i definitely dig the look of the odyssey it has you know the normal honda styling which is which is good come around the side here tire wheel setup is 235 55 19 in the front and over in the rear as well and then you guys can see with the wheel design you've got the silver there on the top with the metallic gray below it pretty cool cut there for the fender and then notice the mirrors body painted chrome on the door handles then also chrome at the bottom of the windows taking a look at the full side profile this is where you can tell it's a minivan now here's a quick look at the key fob we have our unlock function or lock function this is to open up the doors on this side a remote start and then that is your opening for the hatch then of course the honda logo in the back now popping inside first off you guys can see pretty cavernous for the storage space behind these seats and i like how everything is nicely labeled so then you know exactly what you're going to be doing when you pull straps with it obviously this one doesn't have anything but i feel like that one's pretty self-explanatory um but you guys because you can fold the seats down which obviously helps out the storage space and then we also have little 12 volts outlet here in the back and when you're all done just press that button and that will lower the hatch right back down now taking a look at the tail lights here you guys can see pretty interesting design and then that goes to this like chrome trim that goes to the honda logo of course you got our odyssey badge then we have our touring badge down below as well and then parking sensors here at the bottom but yeah putting it all together i think that it's honda did a great job with the styling on the odyssey obviously it still looks like a minivan but i think it's a good looking minivan oh buddy ooh automatic doors for the win now taking a look at the seats you guys can see really nice stitching throughout and then nice padding there in the center and then again very nicely labeled so you know exactly what the different latches do legroom back here is actually really solid we've got a little storage pocket here you can see a vent there that's to close the door got some cup holders and then there's a little charging port area there as well and then actually for pop-up top you can see climate controls right there and then this is actually a tv for the rear passengers which is pretty cool and that had room back here is also good now legroom here in the third row is actually really solid and then we also have a vent here which is cool we also have some charging port action here and then you can see there for the headphones and then we even get our own sun shade here in the back and i like how they make make it look like there's stitching there and then header back here is also good [music] now popping over the front door panel it's kind of hard to see because the sunlight there you go we've got the black trim here and look at the padding where you can rest your arm all of our window controls right here with our mirror adjustments we also have our memory seat controls and then there's a quick look at the mirrors themselves and then with the front seat look at the stitching there and then really nice padding all throughout and you can see the power adjustments here on the side pretty normal pedals right there and then you got the hood latch release and you can see with the brake hold right here and then your parking brake this is for the doors right to open or close and you can turn the automatic door function off if you want that's for the hatch your stability control for the safety sorry parking sensors and then you got the nice little stitching there and then steering wheel is manually adjustable [music] so take a look at the steering wheel we've got really nice padding all around darker stitching in the center this does have adapter cruise control width steering assist paddle shifters there on the back of the 10 speed so controls for the center stack phone controls voice command controls normal stuff turn signal light stock and then windshield wiper stock and then here's the center gauge cluster um so first off we can scroll through these different menus right here so we can go into trip computer for example to see what's happening with that i like the overall design of the gauge cluster we do have some different drive modes so we've got a snow mode and you can see switch between that and normal and they may also have an econ mode as well and that pulls up that little plant there on the side now in reverse we have a backup camera here with trajectory lines that turn with the steering wheel so sorry about the glare but anyways here's our infotainment screen response time is really good you can see that you've got like the buttons here on the side for shortcut action and then we have a volume control as well um but notice for the rear entertainment you also have apple carplay and android auto this also does come with cabin talk on top of that and so yeah i think it's just a great infotainment system it's easy to use there's the cabin talk feature by the way and then analog controls here for the climate system you can also control the rear climate from the front with just that button right there and then we have our heated seat controls here for the front and our whole gear selector with the buttons auto stop start your snow mode your econ mode as well and then you can see little engine stops are off to the side there is your uh blu-ray player and we've got some more charging port action and then some storage in this area some cup holders and then this is kind of like the center console which uh yeah very spacious got some more usb action and i got cup holders there on the back side as well i do want to mention we got some nice padding here in the dash and you can see the stitching across as well and then reaching over here pretty normal glove box nothing too fancy with that and then at the very top getter controls here for the sunroof and then you guys can see we've got our sunglass holder and here is the center by the way there's quite a bit of glare so it's gonna be hard to see the window sticker 2023 odyssey touring um total msrp 46 400 dollars let's see how it drives let's talk about visibility before we set off here in the odyssey here's your visibility of the hood through both of the mirrors throughout the rest of the rear and of course well the screen just ruined my whole joke there's your visibility to the rear passengers which of course it pulled up and then it goes away so i didn't mention this in the walk around but you've got the cabin watch which the infotainment system doesn't want to respond to my finger anymore so we're just going to move on um but yeah the cabin watch basically lets you uh peep on the rear passengers maybe it'll work now this infotainment system does not like ben hardy let's try this again scroll to the side scroll to the side what is happening here i give up i give up on the abundance system let's just drive the odyssey and let's just uh let's just do that um so first off seat covers actually really solid and they're very comfortable and it's good torque out of the v6 so far obviously in the parking lot so i gotta get a little bit more driving before we can fully tell but it seem like it's pretty pretty good and i will say i do like the little armrest right here i guess while we're waiting we'll see if this can finally work for me there we go now we can peep on that look at that peeping on the back passengers there's nobody there but it's still it's still a good feature to have so that you can know exactly what's happening with the kiddos in the back okay so getting up and moving here with the odyssey um first up just like most minivans really comfortable with the suspension and yeah going over that it's very comfortable so good damping and this kind of expected minivans are pretty long vehicles and so because of the long wheelbase it usually makes it so that the ride quality is really good and that's what is happening here with the odyssey and you know another thing to note and damping over bumps is actually pretty good too steering's uh very light but it's it's also like direct enough that you know it's it's not like there's not like vagueness or anything which i think i think is important um with a minivan also i like the metallic here on the controls i just notice that now because the sunlight is hitting them so it's actually really cool looking a good torque out of the v6 yeah the 10 speed also helps out quite a bit honda does make a good 10 speed that's for sure tripod away that's see how the acceleration's like here pretty good i mentioned to see what the paddles are like what the heck so i pressed the paddle and then it said that it didn't want to okay so the paddles are actually really responsive frankly it's crazy how responsive this is it's a minivan it doesn't need to be man you could hustle this thing around a track just saying uh objects aside um setting things up i i think i'll just use a really good mini fan um you get quite a bit of features for the money i know that some people might disagree with me but like every single minivan has like fifty thousand dollars nowadays so like yeah this is very very well equipped for the money um you know obviously you got honda's reliability which is great unless three five and this 10 speed it's a good it's good combination and yeah i think this is like this i like this interior because it'd be very easy to clean like it's all black so it's not going to show stuff as much and then you know all the surfaces like you can tell that this was designed to like have stuff spilled on it so then you could just wipe it off which i really appreciate so let me know what you guys think about the odyssey  the honda odyssey has been the best-selling minivan in the us for over a decade the odyssey targets to retain its competitive edge by adding a new sport trim and a new complementary maintenance plan for the new model year keep on watching this video to find out all the new features of the 2023 honda odyssey the odyssey variant from honda is one of the few remaining options for buyers seeking a three-row vehicle with lower load floors with much more cargo space and sliding doors honda's own pilot suv posts superior sales figures but sometimes a minivan is the right tool for the job the current generation odyssey debuted for the 2018 model year and it got a 2021 refresh 2023 brings a new trim level the odyssey sport and discontinues the base odyssey lx the honda competes against other minivans including the toyota sienna chrysler pacifica and kia carnival the odyssey offers a hollow interior too so if you ever find yourself folding down the rear seats you'll have loads more space than you would in a toyota sienna performance is a surprising strong point the new honda odyssey has a stable uncommonly nimble handling and the combination of honda's venerable v6 a 10-speed automatic makes for smooth delivery 280 horsepower and about 6000 rpm of torque in a recent four-way minivan comparison the all-new 2023 honda odyssey was placed at second it's easy third row axis and excellent driving experience with strong points but still the infotainment system needs to be updated the third row can be tricky to raise and lower and some buyers may miss the hybrid and all-wheel drive options of some of honda's competitors fleet-footed efficient and polished the odyssey is a sweetheart that requires zero compromises the new honda odyssey changes direction crisply and from behind the wheel it's easy to forget that you are piloting a three-row van its steering is direct and is light but more feedback from the road would be welcome many driving enthusiasts won't rave about the new odyssey as it is still a minivan after all but the new honda odyssey is the best driving minivan and its skill makes it competent in corners and easy to drive on narrow roads we tested an elite and found that its ride was less compliant than our long-term pacifica but its standard 19-inch wheels could be partly to blame and exl we drove wore 18-inch wheels and seemed better suited to the pockmarked michigan roads we usually drive over most road surfaces though the odyssey displays a comfortable ride and few passengers will complain the new odyssey has the ability to tow up to 3 500 pounds the equivalent of a small boat although it might take the 10 speed a moment to shift under heavy throttle there's enough power for good passing moves and good grunts off the line the all-new 2023 honda odyssey just might be the exception where it is okay to use the words minivan along with fun in the same sentence it's new and improved v6 engine offers enough power for your merging and passing needs even when the user has the cabin full of passengers the precise steering and stable braking and handling gives the new 2023 odyssey a confident presence both on the highway and along tighter roads but it's the odyssey sporty well not really but it is well sorted and enjoyable to drive moreover the smooth shifting 10-speed automatic transmission unobtrusively chooses the proper gear for the situation also the standard steering wheel mounted paddle shifters are are nice if you want to shift for yourself according to the epa the new honda odyssey is rated at 19 miles per gallon in the city and at the same time got rated 28 miles per gallon on the highway in its real world highway testing the test vehicle outperformed its epa estimate delivering 30 miles per gallon for comparison the experts long-term pacifica managed 33 miles per gallon if you don't really mind the genius of power sliding doors the 2023 odyssey looks good by embracing designed cues from the pilot suv new sport trim adds some pizzazz but many minivans have fallen out of favor the new sport model comes from the dark out suv trend by trying to slim down the shape and it takes eyes away from the bulbous rear the gloss black trim covers the grille side mirrors light surrounds and mid pillars and it rides on 19-inch black wheels now moving on to the front there is a chrome bar which furrows the grille that hugs the integrated led lights its fog lights stack up down under and down the side and parallel body lines run down and up over the body line and sliding door track before mixing above the rear wheel don't look past there on the inside clever storage spaces in the doors and the center console garner more attention than the dashboard slapped with gloss black plastic fake chrome and a neat center stack the new honda odyssey doubles is a mobile family room or a weekend work van with removable second row seats as well as a third row bench that folds into the floor the exl trim along with the other trams get a leather trimmed first row and outer second row seats and although the touring and the elite trims lack the mid-row captain's chairs which double as recliners the seats come with arm rests and long distance comfort the driver gets a 12-way power adjustment standard which is what the driver needs instead of a driver's seat the second row has a choose your own chair setup the automaker likes to call magic slide the middle seat can be removed and then the two remaining second row seats slide laterally and four and aft for easier ingress as well as egress it's genius a dynamic but less convenient than the chrysler pacifica's stow and go seats that fold flat into the floor and unlike all but full-size suvs adults can fit in the third row thanks to 38.1 inches of leg room also the 60 40 split third row collapses into the floor with a couple of pulls of the straps with the headrests the speed collapse first moreover the 33 cubic feet of cargo space with all three rows up beats most suvs as well as the balloons to 88.6 cubic feet with both rows of seats down beating even the honda pilot with a third row folded and the second row seats removed the new odyssey gets to work with a truck like 144.9 cubic feet of cargo room and with a base lx tricking from the model lineup the automaker trims the new odyssey and leather power seats in all but the base ex heated seats come standard as it does all-day comfort even on top trims the new odyssey doesn't pretend to luxury levels and that's just fine for this family hauler the honda odyssey earned a top 5 star crash test trading from the nhtsa as well as a top safety pick plus award from the iihs last year and car experts expected to do the same this year those ratings earned at a point each as does the wealth of standard safety features every honda odyssey model comes with a honda sensing suite of safety features that include active lane control blind spot monitors automatic high beams adaptive cruise control down to a stop automatic emergency braking with pedestrian detection and a backseat reminder that alerts drivers of cargo and passengers left in the rear seats in the touring in elite trims a back-facing interior camera named the cabin watch projects onto the touch screen what's going on in the back seats honda let go of the base lx and its display screen for the new model the ex trim becomes the base model with a price of 38 635 dollars which includes a 1295 destination fee standard and all new honda odysseys is heated front seats an 8-inch touchscreen with smartphone compatibility remote start satellite radio with two usb ports three zone climate control and the power sliding rear doors moreover the automaker's new three-year per 36 000 mile basic warranty does not really earn a point on our scale however it's two years or 24 000 miles of free maintenance also adds in assurance the exl trim and the new odyssey makes the most sense for value if the no frail space model doesn't do it for you but for only eight hundred dollars more than the exl the odyssey sport trim might draw the most odyssey sales at 42 505 and in addition to its leather upholstery a 12-way power adjustable driver's seat three zone climate control and a power tailgate on the exl the sports blacked out trim pieces on the grill light surrounds side mirrors and mid pillars which arrives on 19-inch black wheels seemingly borrowed from the black crossover suv trend now with a boring lx no longer in the picture the new odyssey costs a bit more but is way better equipped what are your thoughts on the all-new honda odyssey 2020 3. let us know in the comments section down below bye for now  what do y'all think of the 2023 chrysler pacifica this is a touring l with the s appearance package there is so much tech in a vehicle like this and at forty four thousand dollars seems like a bargain for an ultimate family vehicle check out stow and go seating the seat is completely out of the way now you can get a perfectly flat floor you got captain stairs back here as well three seats in the back and there's even more space in back for it to get power operated everything and a really cool feature if you pull these lower straps and unlock the seat you can just pull them back let them do their thing and it folds out of the way this is a very practical vehicle with so much space so much cargo area for people things animals whatever you need you can probably do it in a chrysler pacifica so comment below is this the minivan that you would get if you had a lot of kids a lot of pets and a lot of stuff  [music] thank you [music] buick has quite recently removed the covers to the new hundred years in china a sumptuous minivan that will be evaluated between 529 900 rmb 73 912 and 689 900 rmb 96 229 dollars the vehicle producer says the new century was planned to address the issues of another age of business elites and rich chinese customers and that it will be presented with a decision of four or six seats it joins the gl8 avenir gl8s and gl8 heritage in buick scope of minivans sold in china the 2023 buick century estimates 5230 millimeters 205.9 inches long 1980 millimeters 77.9 inches wide has a level of 1867 millimeters 73.5 inches and a 3130 millimeters 123.2 inch wheelbase enveloped with a groundbreaking plan that flawlessly supplements the remainder of the buick setup among the key plan features incorporate the mark headlights that each consolidated 90 leads tail lights for certain 730 individual leads and a bunch of 19-inch brushed aluminum wheels given the extravagance centered nature of the 100 years it's little amazement that buick zeroed in widely on the lodge it is basically a sumptuous and rich as conceivable to guarantee that it those looking for a definitive in solace ought to choose the four-seat model where buick has fitted an in-vehicle parcel wall with a 32-inch sliding screen a bose sound framework a 13 liter cooler and a fragrance diffuser in the meantime the second line highlights 160 degree cloud feel seats upholstered in punctured napa cowhide and offering 18 methods of change 5 zone autonomous warming an 18-point drafted need capabilities the seats likewise have a neck backing and footstools with graphene warming innovation buick has likewise introduced a rolls-royce propelled brilliant rooftop with 366 leads and 162 glimmering lights on the main event there is additionally a high-level biocare lodge air cleaning framework as well as 8-inch armrest touchscreen regulator clients who decide on the two plus two plus two choice get second column commander seats with warming ventilation and 10-point rub capabilities simply a solitary powertrain will be offered appearing as an ecotec 2.0 liter turbocharged 4-chamber with a 48 volt gentle mixture framework and a 9-speed hydra-modage keen transmission pull and force numbers haven't been delivered [music] [music]  2023 toyota sienna honda odyssey and kia carnival which is the best minivan to buy that's what we're going to find out welcome recall corner where we help you the consumer master the process of car buying and car ownership even though minivans are nowhere near as popular as crossover suvs they are still the superior choice for those who prioritize practicality and having the most amount of interior space possible a few of the only remaining options that are still available on the market include the toyota sienna the honda odyssey and the ikea carnival you could also consider the chrysler pacifica but i'll touch on that one towards the end of the video so how exactly do these three minivans compare in terms of their performance safety and technology which one has the best reliability and offers the best value for your money well make sure to stick around until the end of the video because that's what we're going to find out and if you enjoy and get value out of this video make sure to subscribe to my channel i post two videos a week always straight to the point valuable car buying advice designed to help you the consumer so we're going to start this video off with my third place pick which is the kia carnival now don't get me wrong the carnival is a great minivan to consider it offers a lot of advantages over the other two suvs especially when it comes to features and technology there's no question the carnival has the most impressive interior out of these three minivans the dual screen infotainment system with your dual displays one behind the steering wheel and your center touch screen is one of the best setups in the car market the screens have amazing looking graphics offer a lot of great features they have a really good menu structure and of course come with apple carplay and android auto and on top of that you have a long impressive list of features and technology some of which is not available on the other two minivans and this even includes a lot of great active safety technology including kia's highway driving assist which is one of the best driver assist safety features on the market and not only is the technology impressive but it also does the basics extremely well too this is a very practical minivan with loads of interior space lots of cargo space and plenty room and both the second and third row seats and of course you could option it with either seven or eight seating depending on what you prefer and this is also a very comfortable minivan to drive to with great power thanks to a naturally aspirated v6 engine that produces around 290 horsepower the v6 comes matched to a smooth shifting 8-speed automatic transmission with front-wheel drive the v6 powertrain in the carnival is a really good setup and unlike the four-cylinder engines and other kia models it's not impacted by the major fire recall which is a really good thing and then of course you have the other advantages which kia is famous for including a class leading warranty and really aggressive pricing too depending on the trim level that you're looking at the carnival is around five to eight thousand dollars cheaper than the equivalent odyssey or sienna which is a lot of money to save so if the carnival has all of these advantages then why exactly has it come in third place well even though the drivetrain is quite good it's not exactly that fuel efficient only able to get around 20 to 28 miles per gallon or 9 to 13 liters per 100 kilometers and not only does it use quite a bit of gas but you can't get it with all-wheel drive which is a downside for a lot of buyers and even though the carnival does have more attractive pricing it's unfortunately let down by lower resale value when compared to the sienna or the odyssey which is a downside for those who plan to trade it in or sell it down the road and the reason why the carnival has lower resale value is because it doesn't have the same reputation for reliability that you get with the honda or toyota it's a relatively new model to the market and it doesn't have an established reputation for reliability like you get with the other two models and being a brand new model can sometimes lead to issues for example for the 2022 model year the carnival did suffer from a pretty significant recall where the fuel injection system could have a leaking fuel rail leading to an engine fire and that is a pretty significant problem so clearly the carnival still has some catching up to do if it wants to match the reputation of the other two so with that said let's move on to my number two pick which is the honda odyssey now unlike the carnival the odyssey does have a well-deserved reputation for strong reliability and it has been around for quite some time part of that strong reliability is thanks to time-tested components like the naturally aspirated 3.5 liter v6 engine underneath the hood not only is this a very reliable engine but it also produces plenty of power too with around 280 horsepower similar to the carnival but not only do you get plenty of power with the odyssey but you also get a great driving experience with a solid ride comfortable suspension and surprisingly good handling too and of course the odyssey does all the typical minivan things extremely well too with plenty of interior space lots of room in all three rows and a good sized cargo area too this is a very practical minivan with tons of passenger space and storage space and like the carnival you can get it with either 7 or 8 seating configuration it's also a very high quality interior too but with that being said it is a little bit locking when it comes to the technology the infotainment system for example is quite dated it's nowhere near as advanced as what you get in the kia but it does all the basic things perfectly fine and it does have apple carplay and android auto you also get a pretty good camera system and you get some neat features too like cabin watch and cabin talk which allows you to keep an eye on the kids in the back seats and the odyssey also comes with a long list of active safety features as part of honda sensing so this is a very safe minivan too with that said though the odyssey does have a few downsides some of which are similar to the carnival like the carnival the v6 engine does consume quite a bit of gas with around 20 to 28 miles per gallon or 9 to 13 liters per 100 kilometers and again like the carnival you can only get the odyssey with front-wheel drive which is another drawback and despite the fact that the odyssey does have some pretty dated technology especially when it comes to the infotainment system the pricing is surprisingly high the pricing ranges from around 39 to 50 000 usd or around 47 to sixty thousand canadian which is quite a bit but even with the much higher pricing of the odyssey i still think it offers better value than the carnival it has a better reputation for build quality and long-term reliability and it also has much higher resale value too which is very important so even though you are paying a higher price initially you will get that money back if you plan to sell it or trade it in down the road the odyssey is certainly a really good minivan especially for those who are looking for better performance and more power but it's certainly not the best minivan that you can buy for that you're going to have to look at my number one pick which is the toyota sienna there are many reasons why the toyota sienna takes the top spot for the best minivan that you can buy for one thing and perhaps the most significant reason is the fact that it is a hybrid and being a hybrid means that the sienna gets much better fuel economy than the other two minivans in the week that i've been driving my sienna test car i've easily been able to manage around 36 miles per gallon or 7 liters per 100 kilometers which is significantly better than the other two minivans now yes in order to get that much better fuel economy the sienna's hybrid system is based around a 2.5 liter four-cylinder engine as opposed to the v6 engines that you get in the other two and what this means is that the sienna produces only around 245 horsepower as opposed to 280 and 290 like you get in the odyssey and carnival now even though the power deficit of the sienna is quite noticeable i still think it's adequate for day-to-day driving and surprisingly the sienna still has the same towing capacity of the other two minivans able to tow up to 3 500 pounds which is quite impressive i think the trade-off in power for much better fuel economy is going to be a major bonus for a lot of buyers and another major bonus is the fact that the sienna offers optional all-wheel drive something that you can't get in the other two minivans there's no question that a lot of buyers especially those who have to deal with winter conditions are looking for all-wheel drive and the fact that you can get it in the sienna gives it a huge sound point but not only are you getting an amazing hybrid system with great fuel economy and all-wheel drive but you're also getting the best reputation for reliability in the segment and because the sienna is known for being such a reliable problem-free minivan it also has sky high resale value too so you're going to get a lot of your money back if you decide to trade it in or sell it down the road and on top of all of that the sienna is a very well designed minivan with a great driving experience it's also extremely practical with tons of interior space lots of room in all three rows and lots of storage space up front too as far as i can tell the only real downside with the sienna's interior is the fact that you can't remove or fold the second row seats which does limit the space to some degree but if you can live with that and just fold the second row seats forward to give you more space there's really not much else to complain about and although the technology is not as flashy as what you get in the carnival it is very functional the infotainment system is very simple and easy to use it has apple carplay and android auto and you have a very straightforward control setup too and it also has top-notch safety with a long list of active safety features as part of toyota safety sense and then you have the attractive pricing the sienna is really no more expensive than the honda odyssey despite the fact that it has a hybrid drivetrain and offers all-wheel drive which makes it a great value so when you put it all together the hybrid system with amazing fuel economy the all-wheel drive the reputation for reliability and high resale value and the very practical package with good technology and safety it's really tough to beat the sienna and for these reasons it really is the best minivan that you can buy on the market right now now of course there is a fourth option to consider which is the chrysler pacifica now the pacifica does have some great things going for it it has a very practical package with lots of interior space second and third row seats that both fold into the floor and you also have a lot of great features and technology too it would be a very desirable minivan and one worth recommending if it weren't for its incredibly high pricing below average reputation for reliability and low resale value too historically if you look at its reputation for reliability the pacifica has just been too problematic to make it worth recommending so for that reason it's the easiest one to scratch off your list if you're considering buying a minivan so let me know what you think of the 2023 toyota sienna honda odyssey and kia carnival which of these three minivans would you buy or would you buy something else instead let me know in the comments and if you enjoyed this video make sure to like and subscribe you can also take a look at my other car videos by clicking these links over here make sure to follow me on tick tock and instagram and if you need additional car buying advice recommendations or help with getting a great deal on your next new car purchase make sure to check out carhelpcana.com thanks so much for watching and see you next time "

----------

"to revist this article, visit my profile, then view saved stories. to revist this article, visit my profile, then view saved stories. to revist this article, visit my profile, then view saved stories. to revist this article, visit my profile, then view saved stories. all products featured on vogue are independently selected by our editors. however, we may earn affiliate revenue on this article and commission when you buy something. coat season is far from over, with temperatures only continuing to drop. like any other wardrobe essential, you probably have a chic coat or two hanging in your closet, but why not give into the trends this season and shop these nine winter coat styles that we\u2014along with many others\u2014can\u2019t help but notice. the top nine winter coat trends of 2023 range from tried and true classic camel coats to statement shearling coats that anyone would want to snuggle up in. debuted last year and still reigning supreme, are coats from tot\u00eame, by malene birger, and even mango that come equipped with built-in scarves. a two-in-one winter staple\u2014what more could you ask for? quilted shell coats from ganni, anine bing, and everlane are still a top trending item amongst retailers and, of course, street stylers. they also serve as the ideal fashion foundation to layer your other winter wardrobe classics underneath, like a simple white tee or a cozy cashmere sweater. to brighten up any winter blues, take a walk on the wild side in an animal-printed coat from cos, rixo, and the attico. just as cheery, colorful, yet chic coats from christopher john rogers and loulou studio are new on the scene and are seriously statement-making.\u00a0luxury leather trenches are a forever fashion favorite seen across the runways and the streets. keep it minimal in a navy oversized trench from cos or maximal in a.w.a.k.e mode\u2019s belted trench coat. when the weather is especially wintry, warm up in a shearling robe coat from bottega veneta, nanushka, or proenza schouler white label\u2014it will be as if you never left your house. speaking of shearling, standout shearling coats are never not on trend and these from zara, jonathan simkhai, and stand studio are winners this season. transport yourself to the british countryside courtesy of a few houndstooth, plaid, and checked coats from the likes of miu miu, h&m, & other stories, and more. whatever coat you land on this winter, there\u2019s no doubt it will stand out. below, the top nine winter coat trends of 2023 to try (and shop!) now. at the top of our shopping list are these ultra-chic coats that come equipped with built-in scarves. classic camel versions from mango and tove will pair well on more casual days with a worn-in t-shirt and jeans, while options from by malene birger, isabel marant \u00e9toile, and the row deserve to be worn on festive nights out. from the trendsetter itself, tot\u00eame, the brand\u2019s gray scarf coat is sure to be the centerpiece of any all-gray outfit this winter. even better, you\u2019ll never have to worry about losing your winter scarf again! on days when the weather is especially wintry, what better way to cure those winter blues than with a statement animal-printed coat. from cheetah and leopard prints from rixo, ganni, and raey to zig-zagging zebras from stella mccartney and the attico, these coats are designed to stand out. keep it simple underneath with a black leather midi skirt and a chunky loafer. shearling coats not only deliver in warmth, but of course, in style\u2014and these celebs seem to think so too. this winter season, the shearling set has never looked better, thanks to jonathan simkhai, remain birger christensen, stand studio, and more. go one step further and wear your new shearling coat with an equally as stylish shearling sandal. quilted shell coats and jackets have gained major popularity as of late courtesy of brands like anine bing, ganni, and everlane. ranging in warmth from lightweight quilted liners to more heavy-duty puffers like these from tory sport and & other stories, a quilted shell coat is the ultimate layering essential. style it over one of the season\u2019s most festive sweaters or a crisp white button-up, for elevated elegance. as if you never left the comfort of your own home, these shearling robe coats promise to keep you snug all season long. of course, they deliver in style, too, like this winter white version from vince or nanushka\u2019s teddy coat. raey\u2019s colorful take is always welcome, while this bottega veneta embellished beauty made its mark on the runway\u2014and now in your closet. a chic and colorful coat is one\u2014and we\u2019d argue the best\u2014way to cure any mid-winter blues. no stranger to the bold and beautiful, christopher john roger\u2019s bright blue belted coat is seriously statement-making. last fall \u201922, pierpaolo piccioli of valentino solidified fuchsia as the color of the season\u2014and now, the collection is officially shoppable with standouts, including this eye-catching double-breasted coat below. other honorable outwear mentions include options from mango, proenza schouler white label, ganni, loulou studio, and mango. a luxurious leather trench coat is the ultimate wardrobe staple that works well across any season, but especially during winter. you can never go wrong with classic black, like these from nanushka and mango. beautiful brown leather trenches from a.w.a.k.e mode, apparis, and the row are forever stylish, while a navy trench from cos or an off-white jonathan simkhai trench are other welcome additions. a camel coat is a classic for a reason, whether double-breasted or beautifully belted. there are luxury options from hailey bieber x wardrobe.nyc and khaite, while offerings from the high street are just as noteworthy. continue with the classics and style any of these chic camel coats with a pair of relaxed denim and stylish sneakers. a plaid coat is perfection in your closet for a reason\u2014just see why below. from miu miu\u2019s timeless tartan coat to cos\u2019s houndstooth number, these checks & plaids are as work-appropriate as they are weekend essentials. meanwhile, options from h&m and & other stories are elegant enough to wear on nights out. shop spring's standout pieces\u2014all for under $300. the best new arrivals to shop now. the spring dress shop is here\u2014100+ best styles of the season. vogue essentials: shop wardrobe staples that will never go out of style. the resort wear shop: 80+ pieces of vacation-ready fashion to shop now. sign up for vogue\u2019s shopping newsletter to receive the insider\u2019s guide to what to shop and how to wear it. by signing up you agree to our user agreement and privacy policy & cookie statement. by vogue shopping editors. \u00a9 2023 cond\u00e9 nast. all rights reserved. use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement and privacy policy and cookie statement and your california privacy rights. vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our affiliate partnerships with retailers. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of cond\u00e9 nast. ad choices. colorado\u2019s \u2018little alaska\u2019: cameron pass is a hidden gem for backcountry skiers. no money, no problem: watch onx ambassadors build and run budget off-road rigs. digital coaching, dynamic resistance: tonal is the fitness \u2018gimmick\u2019 i wanted to hate but didn\u2019t. salomon prototypers find \u2018gold mine\u2019 in trash, build snowboards from scraps. whether wandering your favorite winter town or heading out for a mountain adventure, we\u2019ve found the best men\u2019s winter jackets to keep you warm and cozy. our team has spent many seasons sifting through the winter jacket market in search of the best and warmest styles. after extensive trial and error in frigid rocky mountain and midwestern climates, we\u2019ve selected our choices for the best men\u2019s winter jackets of 2023. from style-forward thigh-length coats to purely practical expedition-weight parkas, there are many kinds of winter jackets. each design has its own features and purpose. with this list, we\u2019ve organized our selections into distinct categories to help you make an efficient and informed decision. check out our pick for the best budget winter jacket, if you\u2019re looking to prioritize affordability and value. or scroll to our most stylish selection if looking good is most important. the winter jacket market is stuffed with innovative designs, cutting-edge insulation, and high-tech materials. to help you decide which men\u2019s winter jacket is best for you, make sure to read our buyer\u2019s guide and frequently asked questions for helpful tips. also, have a look at our comparison chart to help steer your decision-making. scroll through to see all of our recommended buys or jump to the category you\u2019re looking for:. the frozen range parka ($749) from patagonia combines style, function, and high-end warmth into one outstanding package. for all those reasons, this top-tier jacket gets our vote for the best men\u2019s winter jacket this season. this design leans a little more toward everyday use in frigid urban environments yet is also great for moderate activities. we love that the frozen range contains 700-fill down that\u2019s evenly distributed, resulting in zero thin spots. the down-filled baffling continues through the unique \u201csnorkel\u201d hood, so this jacket is well-known for its ability to keep the head and ears warm and toasty. an interior rib of insulation inside the collar wraps around the neck and prevents cold air from seeping in. with its rugged gore-tex shell and fully taped seams, the frozen range is one of the most effective waterproof jackets on our list. however, because this is a down jacket, any water that does make its way past the outer membrane will significantly decrease its ability to insulate. for this reason, we don\u2019t recommend it for rainstorms. for most winter conditions, the frozen range is plenty warm enough to keep you comfortable from the thighs up. however, it isn\u2019t designed for expeditions or high-intensity use. with a non-technical profile, this jacket has large plastic buttons and weighs almost 3 pounds. other notable features include a two-way zipper, stretch-knit cuffs, and hand-warmer pockets. overall, this durable, comfortable and stylish winter jacket can easily meet the needs of cold winter days when we\u2019re not on an expedition. for running around town in the elements, the frozen range is easy to love. check price at backcountrycheck price at patagonia. the rei stormhenge parka is a whole lot of jacket for $299. with 850-fill power goose down and a generous thigh-length cut, this jacket is fully equipped for mega-cold conditions. we tested this jacket while roaming around the frozen streets of crested butte, colo. the stormhenge kept us nice and toasty from our heads to our knees while walking through town on a bitter windy day. the sleeping bag-style draft tube at the neck effectively prevents cold air from seeping into the core. though ultimately an around-town jacket, this layer would also work quite well for low-output activities such as hiking on groomed winter trails. the semi-slim tailored cut is quite stylish. the stormhenge is perfect for a night out or an afternoon of shopping. when the temps suddenly warm up, the two-way front zipper is effective at dumping heat. other noteworthy features include the insulated adjustable hood and the roomy zippered chest and hand pockets. on the soggiest of days, there is no substitute for a fully waterproof jacket. from the chilly city streets of seattle and chicago to the ski-in lodges of aspen and vail, the therme insulated parka ($699) is warm, weather-resistant, and looks sharp. compared to other winter jackets on this list, the therme is streamlined. behind its clean, understated design is a long list of functional qualities. we were impressed by the internal cuff gaskets that effectively seal in heat and keep out cold air and moisture. as a thigh-length parka, the therme comes with a two-way zipper that improves range of motion when sitting down or stepping up into a vehicle. some users report that this zipper is prone to sticking, especially in cold temps. the main drawback of the therme is it comes with a broad collar that tends to leak precious warmth. this issue could be easily fixed by accessorizing with a thick scarf. for extra protection, the large hood can be adjusted to block wind, sideways-blowing rain, and snow. after testing out the jacket, we highly recommend the therme for everyday around-town use. though it falls on the more expensive end of the spectrum, arc\u2019teryx is known for its high-quality construction and long-lasting durability. with 750-fill down on the inside and a rugged waterproof shell on the outside, the therme is an antidote to cold weather. check price at amazoncheck price at arc\u2019teryx. canada goose down jackets are made to withstand freezing canadian winters. the company uses closely compacted down plumage known for its ability to store and maintain warm air. from the fur-lined hood to below the hips, the langford parka ($1,495) provides serious warmth, even in sub-zero temps. the fleece-lined hand warmer pockets built into this jacket are some of the warmest ever incorporated into a down jacket. a wide storm flap prevents heat from seeping out through the main heavy-duty ykk front zipper. elasticized wrist cords and the coyote fur neck lining also function as a defense against warmth loss. because this jacket is designed with freezing conditions in mind, we don\u2019t recommend wearing it in heavy rain or slushy sleet. the water-resistant shell is not able to prevent water from penetrating the down insulation in more than a light sprinkle. for adaptability, the hood is removable, too. we recommend the langford parka for everyday use in colder-than-average winter conditions \u2014 think fairbanks, alaska, or fargo, north dakota. yes, this is an expensive parka. but for everyday reliable warmth, it\u2019s an effective, reliable, and stylish tool. check price at backcountrycheck price at canada goose. if you want a winter jacket that prioritizes warmth above all else, look no further than the north face mcmurdo ($400). with urban styling and a relatively affordable price, the mcmurdo is built for people living in the coldest cities on earth. though the mcmurdo\u2019s down insulation has a relatively low fill power rating of 550, the physical amount of down included more than makes up for this. with a total weight of 3.5 pounds, the mcmurdo is one of the heaviest jackets on this list. bulk doesn\u2019t always translate to superior warmth, but in the case of this jacket, thick down baffles throughout equal toasty comfort. thanks to an extra-long hem, the mcmurdo extends down to the upper thighs to preserve warmth throughout the length of the torso. this jacket is most effective in freezing conditions, so it\u2019s difficult to rate its weather resistance according to how well it would keep you dry in a rainstorm. frankly, if it\u2019s cold enough to wear the mcmurdo, you probably won\u2019t be dealing with liquid precipitation. with that said, this isn\u2019t the most waterproof jacket on this list. it does have a waterproof shell, but if you\u2019re caught in a heavy downpour, moisture will likely soak through. ultimately, the primary purpose of the mcmurdo is to keep cold air out and retain heat, and it does so beautifully. other noteworthy features of the mcmurdo include a two-way front zipper, detachable faux fur hood lining, and fleece-lined hand warmer pockets. check price at reicheck price at backcountry. with an attractive price tag and supreme comfort, it\u2019s easy to fall in love with marmot\u2019s fordham jacket ($325). thanks to its high-quality 700-fill down insulation, the fordham offers more than an appealing look and feel \u2014 it\u2019s also super warm. first impressions of jackets are telling, especially when it comes to comfort. donning the fordham for the first time feels like hugging a friendly down-feathered grizzly bear. when it\u2019s cold out, you simply won\u2019t want to remove this jacket. instead of the thigh-length cut of many other down jackets on this list, the fordham features a standard waist-length fit. of course, there are pros and cons to both styles. but we like that this jacket allows for leg mobility while sitting, walking in big strides, or riding a cruiser in cold temps. longer jackets are generally the better choice for everyday use in extremely cold temps. yet we found the fordham holds its own against almost any other jacket when it comes to maintaining a comfortable core temperature. the fordham really shines in cold and dry conditions. though it does have some taped seams, it will soak through quickly in a heavy downpour of rain or sleet. for brief spurts of storm exposure between the car and the house, the fordham will keep you dry. for anything worse, we recommend a more waterproof option. other key attributes of the fordham include fleece inner sleeve cuffs, hand warmer pockets, and a snug removable hood. though it isn\u2019t the most feature-packed option on this list, its simple frills-free design offers everything you need in a reliable jacket. check price at amazoncheck price at backcountry. quality winter jackets are expensive, and price tags of $500 or more are simply not accessible for many shoppers. enter the columbia boundary bay ($240), a well-made and reasonably warm jacket available at a lower price than any other jacket on this list. with quilted synthetic insulation throughout, this parka is a bit less warm but ultimately more versatile than a comparable down-filled jacket. even in a severe downpour, the boundary bay will not lose all of its insulative properties. its stretchy wrist cuffs also go a long way in retaining warmth in all conditions. overall, we were wowed by the warmth and protective capabilities of this jacket \u2014 especially considering its lightweight feel and low bulk. a long, thigh-length cut and plush neck rib prevent heat loss and cold spots. columbia\u2019s omnitech waterproof/breathable membrane is its proprietary equivalent to gore-tex, and we find it works almost as well on this jacket. we wish all of the interior seams were sealed, but columbia has opted to only include seals in the shoulders and other key areas. the tradeoff helps keep the price docked. hand warmer pockets with waterproof zippers are a welcome addition to a simple, impressive jacket.\u00a0for an affordably tagged option, the boundary bay includes a respectable set of details. the mountain hardwear\u2019s phantom down parka ($400) is lighter and far more mountain-ready than most of the jackets on this list. designed for expedition mountaineering, this parka is the perfect choice for hanging around on a frigid day at high-altitude base camp. this jacket also makes a great compressible option for commuting around town with limited space on your back or bike. we recently used the phantom down parka during a 3-day ascent of the grand teton, and it proved the be the perfect layer for the chilly late fall conditions. after a flurry of snow shut down our summit attempt, we donned the phantom and managed to wait out the storm in toasty comfort. at just over a pound, the phantom is quite fragile \u2013 it does not possess burly materials or non-essential style elements. that said, you could wear it in town and feel plenty warm, despite that its feature set is finely tuned for more technical uses. this jacket is all about maximum warmth and minimal weight, and it certainly delivers. so if you are tight on space and need to be able to stuff a jacket into the small corner of your work bag or pack, look no further. the extra long cut of the phantom is much appreciated. on most wearers, the jacket\u2019s hem will cover the thighs and butt, providing plentiful coverage that warms the entire core. the harness-compatible hand pockets are zippered, well-placed and spacious, even while wearing gloves. plus, the dwr finish will keep the jacket\u2019s insulation (and the wearer) dry in light rain or snowfall. check price at mountain hardwearcheck price at rei. the helly hansen tromsoe jacket ($320) is a versatile layer ideal for everyday use in cold climates. we tested this jacket while skiing and exploring in the canadian rockies, and it provided a rare combination of warmth, style, durability, and technical features. insulated with synthetic fiber rather than down, the tromsoe is a bit heavier than some of the other options on this list. still, the high loft insulation is among the warmest we\u2019ve ever tested. aside from the weight difference, the tromsoe insulates as well as any comparable down jacket. two large front cargo pockets give the tromsoe lots of storage utility and a uniquely stylish appearance. we managed to carry a phone, wallet, keys, snacks, and a notebook in the jacket with plenty of space left over. in frigid and stormy weather, the tromsoe\u2019s built-in neck gaiter retains heat and keeps snow out. this isn\u2019t the most waterproof jacket on our list, but the dwr-treated fabric won\u2019t absorb small raindrops or melting snowflakes. ultimately, the tromosoe\u2019s greatest strength is its adaptability. it isn\u2019t the most technical winter jacket on the market, but it thrives in a variety of scenarios. from cross-country skiing to daily commutes on public transit, the tromsoe is a perfect go-to. check price at backcountrycheck price at helly hansen. many of the folks behind gearjunkie dwell in colorado, minnesota, wyoming, and other regions known for serious winter conditions. we\u2019ve spent many seasons testing out men\u2019s winter jackets in sub-zero temps and bitter winds, and the styles on this list are straight from the top drawer. during our systematic testing process, we pay careful attention to warmth, insulation quality, durability, comfort, functionality, and style. from daily commutes in minneapolis to mountaineering in the tetons, we\u2019ve put dozens of men\u2019s cold-weather jackets through the wringer. in addition to our first-hand experience, we consider the most popular, top-rated, innovative, sustainable, and legacy products across a range of price points. most of the men\u2019s winter jackets on this list are designed for everyday urban use, so we conducted most of our testing while walking the dog on brisk january mornings and strolling through mountain towns in the rockies. when testing jackets designed for mountaineering and other technical uses, we roamed deep into the mountains to conduct a thorough assessment. as new men\u2019s winter jackets hit the market each season, we\u2019ll be sure to test and compare against our existing favorites. at any given time, this list will include the best of the best. the term \u201cwinter jacket\u201d is very broad and should really be divided into a few key subcategories. in this guide, we focused on winter jackets for everyday use without crossover into sport-specific winter jackets such as shells or active insulation layers. jackets made for casual wear and everyday use are best for low-intensity activities such as commuting, walking the dog, and going out on the town. typically, these jackets are made from heavier materials that are more likely to restrict movement and are less likely to breathe well. you can think of everyday jackets as winter casual wear. while they aren\u2019t ideal for activities like running or hiking, they probably have extra style points. on this list, our favorite everyday use winter jackets are the canada goose langford parka and\u00a0the north face mcmurdo jacket. the second major category of winter jackets is for active use. when you\u2019re running, hiking, or cross-country skiing, you want to wear materials that will support you. winter jackets designed for high movement do not restrict your body. to stay active all winter, it\u2019s essential to wear layers that will keep you warm and support you during your activity of choice. within performance jackets, folks typically grab a non-insulated shell (also known as a hard shell or shell) or an active insulation layer. within synthetic jackets, active insulation is another progressive subcategory to know. these technical garments are designed to dump extra heat and dry fast, so you don\u2019t have to remove the jacket during vigorous activity. but these layers also need to be durable, warm, and wind-resistant. they ultimately won\u2019t be as warm as a straightforward down jacket. it\u2019s a tricky balance. shell jackets are designed for harsh conditions. like wearable shields that defend against wind and rain, hard shells are meant to be your outermost layer. usually, jackets in this category are specifically designed for use in unpredictable conditions. some shell jackets include insulation but many do not have any at all. for warmth, recreationists can stack a base layer and midlayer beneath that is tailored to their activity, personal needs, and the surrounding climate. skiers, mountaineers, and everyday users utilize hard shells for their windproof and waterproof protection. depending on where you live, a burly hard shell may be the most sensible winter jacket option. all of the jackets on our list include integrated insulation. insulated jackets are designed to keep you warm like a wearable blanket. we\u2019ve included jackets with a range of insulation values. some of our selections are compressible and lightweight while others are denser, heavier, and offer more oven quality. the beefiest builds are best deployed in harsher conditions and during mild or moderate activity levels when the body isn\u2019t generating as much heat. puffy expedition-style jackets like men\u2019s\u00a0the north face mcmurdo jacket come with lots of high-powered insulation and are most useful in truly frigid environments. we should note every person has a different tolerance for cold, so the best uses of any jacket are also dependent on the preferences of the wearer. made of goose or duck plumage, down is the warmest, lightest, and most compressible type of insulation on the planet. most of the insulated jackets on this list are made with down. the other option is synthetic or a blend of the two. when considering the warmth-to-weight balance, down continues to be better insulation than any human-made alternative. however, due to a few key drawbacks, down does require careful ownership and handling. down does not repel water, and it becomes useless when wet. many down jackets on this list are made with water-repellent outer fabrics. still, it\u2019s extremely important to keep all down-filled layers out of the rain and water. if you choose to wear a down jacket in wet conditions, we recommend pairing it with a durable waterproof hardshell. some 3-in-1 down jackets are even sold with a compatible outermost rain shell. on this list, the\u00a0canada goose langford parka and the patagonia frozen range are some of our favorite men\u2019s winter down jackets. synthetic insulation is designed to replicate the light and insulative qualities of down and retain them when wet. the quality of synthetic insulation is constantly improving, but it still generally lags behind in its warmth-to-weight ratio. the main benefit of synthetic insulation is it\u2019s far more resistant to moisture. even when synthetic does become wet, it often still provides some insulative warmth. and it dries quickly, especially when exposed to wind and sun. for those on a budget, synthetic insulated jackets are usually more affordable than down. if you know you\u2019ll be wearing your jacket in soggy environments such as the pacific northwest, consider purchasing a synthetic-filled jacket instead of down. on this list, our favorite synthetic jacket is the columbia boundary bay long. fill power is a technical specification that refers to how much warmth and loft a jacket provides. to calculate fill, a one-ounce sample of down is compressed in a cylinder. generally speaking, the higher the number, the warmer the jacket \u2014 though the fill power isn\u2019t the only variable affecting a jacket\u2019s warmth. for the most part, only down jackets receive a fill power rating.\u00a0most down jackets have a fill power rating somewhere between 400 and 1,000.\u00a0generally, the quality increases with the fill number:. casual-wear down jackets generally have a fill power rating between 400 and 700, while high-end performance jackets have a 700-fill rating or higher. on the other hand, fill weight refers to the total weight of the down insulation inside a jacket. while fill power is often marketed more prominently than fill weight, both are equally important to the performance of a jacket. the higher the fill power or quality, the less down is needed to create the same warmth. this is because it\u2019s able to trap more air and warmth within the jacket. higher fill power is also more compressible, loftier, lighter, and pricier. down jackets are available with anywhere between 4 ounces and 20 ounces of fill weight. comparing fill weight is most useful when all jackets in question have a similar fill power rating. when selecting a winter jacket, it\u2019s important to choose one based on the kind of protection you will most need. the best jackets are useful in a variety of conditions. but certain styles, features, and materials are better suited for certain kinds of weather. hood size, jacket length, and pocket design are some of the variables that will determine how well your jacket protects against the elements. for wet conditions such as rain and sleet, prioritize a jacket with a waterproof shell. on this list, the arc\u2019teryx therme stands out for its outstanding ability to keep the wearer dry. waterproof jackets come with taped seams and heavy-duty exterior material. jackets in this category are also great for wind protection. if you plan to wear your jacket in freezing conditions where it\u2019s more likely to snow than rain, or you\u2019ll be in a dry cold, a fully waterproof shell may not be necessary. many highly insulated jackets, while not completely waterproof, come with a quality dwr treatment that sheds moisture. on this list, the north face mcmurdo is one of our favorite options in this category. with down insulation and a lack of taped seams, this jacket isn\u2019t ideal for rain, but it absolutely thrives in sub-zero temps. useful features can be the difference between a good jacket and a great jacket. hoods, hand warmer pockets, and cuff closures are some of the winter jacket features we consider to be the most valuable. when combined, these design details add significant warmth, versatility, and protection from cold conditions. winter jacket hoods come in a wide range of shapes and sizes. during stormy weather, a protective hood is mandatory. well-designed hoods offer ample customization and adjustability. additional hood features such as a fur lining and a stiff brim are also worth seeking out. on this list, we especially recommend the effective and comfortable hoods on the patagonia frozen range and the marmot fordham jacket. two-way zippers allow you to open the front of your jacket from both the bottom and the top. in extra-long and thigh-length jackets, two-way zippers are essential for enabling leg mobility while sitting or stepping into a vehicle. on this list, the patagonia frozen range is a great jacket with a two-way zipper. not all hand pockets are created equal and can vary greatly in size. external hand pockets are located in the torso area of the jacket below the chest. some designs offer a zip closure while others remain open. a portion of winter jackets are built with heavily insulated and fleece-lined hand warmer pockets. we recommend lined hand pockets, especially for the coldest conditions when a pair of gloves is not enough to keep your extremities comfortable. hand pockets can also be a convenient place to stash your glove liners or keys while on the go. on this list, we like the hand pockets on the north face mcmurdo. cuff closures allow you to create a seal around your wrist that prevents wind and snow from entering through your sleeves. cuff closures include a velcro attachment point and widths vary. jackets can also include interior wrist gaiters for extra warmth and protection, some of which have a thumbhole while others do not. wrist gaiters can be difficult to wear with a wristwatch or bracelet but definitely help the insulation value, especially for halting wind. on this list, the arc\u2019teryx therme jacket comes with reliable gaiter-style cuff closures that fully seal out the surrounding conditions. warmth is perhaps the most important consideration when choosing a winter jacket. if you\u2019re seeking maximum warmth, you\u2019ll want to pay attention to the length, insulation quality (fill power), and insulation quantity (fill weight). on the fill power spectrum, any rating over around 550 can be considered a relatively high insulation value. on this list, we\u2019ve featured jackets with a fill power rating of up to 750. when comparing jackets of equal fill power, it\u2019s likely that the one with the greater fill weight will ultimately be warmer. however, other factors play a role in the overall warmth including baffling, cuff closures, and exterior materials. fill weight is a good start point for research but not the only indicator of warmth. extra-long and thigh-length jackets will be warmer than standard jackets of equal fill power. of course, the best way to measure warmth is to actually wear a variety of jackets out in the elements and compare how they feel. after testing many different jackets, we\u2019re confident the patagonia frozen range and the north face mcmurdo are among the warmest winter jackets on the market. some winter jackets are waterproof while others are only water-resistant. the key difference between these labels is that truly waterproof jackets have fully taped seams and a waterproof membrane. jackets like the arc\u2019teryx therme are excellent waterproof options that can reliably keep you dry, even in a severe downpour. also, winter jackets with synthetic fill are more resistant to moisture than down, which becomes ineffective when it wets out. it depends on your style and preferences. with that said, hoods can offer lots of protection against various weather conditions including wind, rain, and snow. while hoods aren\u2019t a substitute for a warm hat in terms of insulation, they are very useful \u2014 especially during storms. all of the jackets we\u2019ve included on this list come with hoods. some winter jackets include hoods that are removable, which is the best of both worlds. winter jackets can be expensive relative to other kinds of jackets and winter clothing. on this list, we\u2019ve included jackets that range in price from less than $300 to over $1,000. though it\u2019s not strictly necessary to buy a top-end and expensive jacket, you should consider that higher-quality jackets often prove to be a better value in the long run. features such as taped seams, hand warmer pockets, durable dwr coating, and two-way zippers will increase the price of a jacket. we found the best down jackets of 2023. from ultralight backpacking jackets to budget-friendly everyday puffy jackets, we've got you covered. read more\u2026. from lightweight liners to extra-warm winter gloves, we tested and found the best gloves to meet every budget, temperature, and winter sport. check out top picks from black diamond, hestra, dakine, and more. read more\u2026. sign up to receive gearjunkie content direct to your inbox. sign up to receive gearjunkie content direct to your inbox. gear\ntop stories\ndeals. when the trees are bare and the wind turns icy cold, it\u2019s time for a more than serious jacket. finding the warmest winter coat that will keep you toasty, even when temperatures dip way below zero is a difficult task. however, that shouldn\u2019t stop you from braving the great outdoors, even if it\u2019s just to have dinner at a quaint restaurant around the corner or a quick clearing of the latest snow on the drive! that is why we\u2019ve rounded up great winter coats that will not only keep you warm in extreme cold, but they\u2019re also stylish and relatively affordable. at a glance: our top 6 warmest winter coats. there are many options available if all you really need is something to keep you warm, but we know you need more than that. we\u2019ve found some of the best winter coats for men and women that you\u2019ll be proud to be seen in without shivering in the snow. of all the winter jacket brands, arc\u2019teryx is a well-known for creating technical and innovative jackets, but therme parka is perfectly urban. these men\u2019s winter coats will surely keep you not only warm and toasty but sleek and stylish\u00a0on any occasion. this insulated parka has a high-end gore-tex waterproof membrane\u00a0and\u00a0fully taped seams, making this jacket breathable and long-lasting. it is insulated with 750-fill goose down\u00a0around the core for utmost comfort. it is also fitted with\u00a0quality synthetic insulation in high-use areas\u00a0such as the sleeves, the hood, and the collar. it also has insulated pockets and a zippered passport pocket on the front for convenience and ease of use. the therme parka is the perfect jacket for winter in places prone to wet snow. the materials are\u00a0windproof and waterproof. the sizing is a bit off as it tends to\u00a0run slightly larger than regular athletic sizes. when purchasing online, ask for exact measurements to ensure proper fit. always amongst the most popular winter coat brands, canada goose expedition parka is more on the heavy and bulky side, but for good reason. it keeps wearers warm with\u00a0625-fill-power duck down\u00a0and keeps harsh weather at bay with heavy-duty\u00a0arctic-tech outer shell material. for those in search of a hard-hitting jacket, this burly parka performs exceptionally well in\u00a0severe conditions, polar expeditions, and long commutes in cold weather. functionality is not overlooked either. it has a total of\u00a010 exterior pockets, with both zipper and velcro closures and one interior zippered pocket. it also features a\u00a0snow skirt\u00a0and one of the\u00a0best hoods\u00a0in the market. this is one of the\u00a0most niche winter coats\u00a0that won\u2019t run you over $1,000, but it can be too much jacket for the average person. if\u00a0below zero temperature\u00a0is your everyday life, the expedition parka is the best option. note: another option that is similarly warm is the canada goose langford. when it comes to finding the warmest winter coat, the north face mcmurdo parka iii is hard to beat. at a third of the price of the canada goose parka, this is definitely one of the\u00a0best budget parkas\u00a0that will perform well in cold weather. the mcmurdo iii is made with\u00a0dryvent\u2122 2l, which is a durable material that\u2019s weatherproof, breathable, and sealed with taped seams. with\u00a0600 down fill, this men\u2019s winter parka is insulated well like most north face coats. the hood is robust, large, and well-sealed\u00a0to trap heat around the head. the\u00a0hem is long\u00a0to cover the thighs, but a front zipper from below makes the jacket less constricting. the north face mcmurdo parka also comes with several storage options. there are four pockets with exposed zippers on the front of the jacket and a back of the sleeve pocket. and just for completeness, the color choices are quite limited with only three available. while the mcmurdo iii provides adequate weatherproofing, there are some options that will perform better in wet conditions. however, for the affordable price of this jacket, it provides adequate protection from the cold, snow, and other weather conditions. in our opinion, for very cold weather this is perhaps the best men\u2019s down jacket for the money. and maybe, the warmest men\u2019s winter coat in most situations! north face mcmurdo review. below, we have collected some of our favorite warm women\u2019s coats for winter. the kensington parka is where function meets style. its\u00a0sleek and smooth exterior fabric\u00a0and the flattering feminine silhouette\u00a0are uncommon for winter coats, but this is one of those women\u2019s warm coats that will keep you warm, even in harsh winter conditions. the kensington parka rests just above the knee\u00a0and stands out with the\u00a0coyote fur ruff around the hood. the\u00a0fur and the hood are removable, making this jacket versatile even for above zero temperatures. the\u00a0waist has an adjustable cinch tab\u00a0to better conform to the body. insulated with\u00a0625-fill-power white duck down, this jacket is warm and comfortable. the cold air is kept out even from the sleeves thanks to the thick, rib-knit cuffs.\u00a0the\u00a0knitted collar\u00a0completely keeps air out when zipped up. while it\u2019s effective, it wears tight and can constrict. the down jacket closes with buttons.\u00a0this makes securing the jacket a little more cumbersome than a full zip. there are also\u00a0kick pleats\u00a0on the back of the jacket that allowed for better mobility and ventilation. city-dwellers will find the north face metropolis parka as a stylish and affordable option\u00a0for cold weather. it\u2019s loaded with plush\u00a0550 fill down\u00a0and designed to follow\u00a0feminine contours. the metropolis iii parka\u00a0goes down to the knees without being too heavy or constricting. the front zipper closure stops just above the knee, while a button at the bottom of the parka helps keep the cold air out and trap the warmth. it\u2019s equipped with\u00a0subtle and cozy features\u00a0like fleece-lined pockets to quickly warm cold hands. the stylish parka is water-resistant as it\u2019s coated with dwr, but it\u2019s not waterproof. so, although you will stay warm and dry on snowy days, it does not do well in heavy rain or wet snow. colombia has been making outdoor gear for decades and with this winter jacket, it shows. it has all the features you would expect from a jacket designed for extreme cold. first off, it\u2019s long, so will cover all those places shorter jackets leave to get cold. second, it\u2019s got long sleeves with thumbholes to keep your hands warm (or leave no gap with gloves). there is also a slightly oversized hood with a ruffle like the eskimos wear. (side story: i used such a hood in a harsh, windy yukon winter, and trust me \u2013 ruffles make all the difference). however, if you don\u2019t like the look of having it get in the way \u2013 it\u2019s removable too. inside, there is a decent amount of down, but the kicker is columbia\u2019s own omni heat. it\u2019s a silver layer on the inside of the jacket that reflects your own body heat back (instead of letting it out). this adds an extra layer of warmth that most jackets just don\u2019t have. downsides? well, there are always a few things to watch out for. one, this \u201cblack\u201d model featured here is more of a dark grey. second, these jackets tend to run large, so if you want more room, and long arms, that\u2019s great. otherwise, have a think about taking a smaller model. overall, if you are looking for something to allow you to stay warm in those very cold and snowy situations, then this is a great option. with the faux fur ruff and knee-length form, the marmot montreaux down coat keeps wearers warm, toasty, and stylish whether indoor or outdoor. while this parka can weigh heavy, it\u00a0wears light\u00a0thanks to its 100% polyester/700 fill power down\u00a0material. the down is\u00a0evenly distributed\u00a0and does not bulk up in inconvenient areas. this also helps in keeping the feminine shape of the coat intact. the\u00a0hood is insulated with plush down\u00a0that does an excellent job in terms of trapping heat. the\u00a0fleece-lined torso\u00a0makes for a very comfortable fit as well. micro-fleece also lines the exterior pockets, collar, and cuffs. the down coat is\u00a0sufficiently water-resistant\u00a0with its durable water repellent coating. however, extended periods of time in the rain will saturate the jacket. extreme cold weather coats are not always the most stylish item you will wear. however, there are some cute winter jackets that keep you looking great despite the cold. just be aware of putting fashion over function when it comes to super-cold temperatures. after all, it\u2019s no good looking great if you can only last 10 minutes outside! winter coats also come in different lengths, so make sure it falls on the right parts of your legs or knees. any shorter and the cold can seep in, and any longer and it will feel restricting and uncomfortable. a hood with a ruff (like a fur lining) can also come in handy when the winds pick up. when i was in -40 in the yukon last year, i was very surprised at what a difference they make, even on cute coats that look good without one. there is a reason all the huskie sledders use them! fit is important to ensure that there are no gaps for cold air to get into. but, you also want some room to layer beneath it too. layers make all the difference in the end. so, if you plan on really cold temperatures, leave room for thermal underwear, a shirt/top of some kind, then a sweater, then last comes the jacket. i was wearing 7 layers in -40, albeit most of them were thin. another thing to look at is how the sleeves close up (to keep the wind out) and the hem. a nice high neck and fleecy liner in that area can also be a real bonus when you are standing for a long time in the col. fill power and material dictate how warm the coat will be. while there will be complementing elements like fleece lining or fur ruffs, consider the climate and assess the appropriate fill power. when it comes to filling, nothing beats pure goose down. the higher the fill number the better. some synthetics do a decent job, and they have the added bonus of coping with being wet (down just becomes a soggy mess and completely useless). but, with super-cold temperatures, getting wet is usually not an issue. it\u2019s just damn freezing outside :>. not all winter coats can double as raincoats. for the most part, winter coats can handle light snow or rain, but areas prone to wet snow should find waterproof coats. when the coat gets saturated, both the water and the cold will be trapped and defeat the purpose of the winter coat. so, if you are planning on using this jacket in temperatures around or above freezing, then make sure it can handle the rain as well. a wet down jacket is not something you want to be wearing, i can tell you from experience! the warmest filling for a winter coat is goose down because it provides the best warmth to weight ratio you can get. it depends on the fill-power of the down you use so aim for at least 600 when buying a winter jacket. by far the warmest winter jacket from canada are those from canada goose. with their premium materials and top-quality goose down you will be sure to be warm in any weather. copyright \u00a9 2022 by expert world travel.  as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases.  privacy policy | friends: fs22 maps. there are certain wardrobe items that become staples, not due to their inherent style or timelessness, but rather, basic human survival; and if you live in the northern hemisphere, winter jackets top that list. this year, to give our winter wardrobe a refresh, we looked into the shopping behaviour of stylight\u2019s 160 million global users in search of one thing: what are the coolest winter coats of the season? according to stylight shoppers, these are the five trendiest winter coats and jackets to shop for fall/winter 2022/2023. earning the title of this season\u2019s most-wanted outerwear trend are aviator-style coats and jackets. rising a whopping 218 percent in clicks compared to winter 2022, shoppers can find the trend in the fall/winter collections from allsaints, j.w.anderson, and chlo\u00e9. to embed social media content, we use a third-party service which may collect data about your activity. please review the details and accept the service to view this content. calf leather and shearling flight jacket - women - cotton/calf leather/sheep skin/shearling - 32 - brown. womens sheepskin rei shearling biker jacket, black, size: xs. k\u00fchl - flight jacket - ganache. the bradford exchange. amelia earhart womens leather aviator jacket. while we already considered the teddy jacket a winter wardrobe staple, the category is seeing a rise in popularity, with shoppers clicking on the cozy style 102 percent more than last year. where to find the trend: toni sailer, max mara, and toteme. to embed social media content, we use a third-party service which may collect data about your activity. please review the details and accept the service to view this content. womens loni wool-blend teddy jacket - white - eu 36 - moda operandi. delivery: delivery costs apply. $450.00\n\n            $900.00. womens loni wool-blend teddy jacket - white - eu 36 - moda operandi. delivery: delivery costs apply. $450.00\n\n            $900.00. womens winter pass sherpa full zip fleece jacket black. womens tulia teddy bear bomber jacket - green - eu 38 - moda operandi. delivery: delivery costs apply. the long maxi coat is back in full force this season, with shoppers clicking on the cold weather-friendly style 68 percent more than last year. where to find the trend: birgitte herskind, saint laurent, and sally lapointe. maria - female coats & trench coats light taupe 38. wanda wool coat - checks. $442.00\n\n            $882.00. maria - female coats & trench coats grey 36. a winter classic: the wool coat is always among the most sought-after styles for the colder months. this year, clicks are up 43 percent year over year for the style. where to shop: herno, raey, and a day\u2019s march. aubrie checked belted coat - womens - brown multi. $462.00\n\n            $925.00. womens wool blend monument eve coat, black, size: uk 10/us 6. the kasha coat - double face wool cashmere. riley wool-cashmere blend coat. $347.00\n\n            $579.00. back for another season! a popular style over the past few winters, the ever-cool puffer jacket has shoppers talking in 2022/23. this season, clicks on puffer coats and jackets are up 12 percent compared to last year. to embed social media content, we use a third-party service which may collect data about your activity. please review the details and accept the service to view this content. womens mathilde puffer jacket - navy - fr 34 - moda operandi. delivery: delivery costs apply. $500.00\n\n            $1,000.00. womens fever down puffer jacket - blue - eu 36 - moda operandi. delivery: delivery costs apply. $500.00\n\n            $1,000.00. womens intrepid insulated mid puffer jacket. \u20ac227.00\n\n            \u20ac325.00. womens intrepid insulated short puffer jacket. \u20ac165.00\n\n            \u20ac275.00. in the past decade, we've tested over 50 of the best women's winter jackets to help you find your match. the top 19 contenders are showcased in this review, from soft and cozy coats to durable beasts that easily shrug off winter storms. to test them, we pull them on to commute, shovel snow, trek through winter storms, and stand around the tailgate after a long day of skiing. we pulled them on over t-shirts and fleece layers to test comfort and stood still in the coldest pre-dawn hours in our side-by-side warmth tests. bitter new england windchills and standing in the shower helped us test weather resistance. no matter what your winter looks like, we've got a great option for you. it is essential to layer up if you want to enjoy outdoor activities when temperatures drop. starting with a sweat-wicking base layer is key. adding an insulating fleece jacket or wool layer is a good follow-up. when it comes to protection against the elements, though, your outermost layer is the most crucial, and winter parkas are just one of many jacket options. if you plan to hit the slopes, you may opt for a short and trim ski jacket. if weight to warmth ratio is important, and you don't need the length of a parka, you can't go wrong with a cozy down jacket. editor's note: we updated this article on march 16, 2023, to include the newest version of the fjallraven nuuk parka and to add two new budget winter wear options, the wantdo waterproof snow jacket and the legendary whitetails anchorage parka. the fjallraven nuuk was a fast favorite among our testers, keeping us warm in bitter temps with its generous insulation. recently updated, the nuuk's now recycled polyamide fabric is still soft and pliable, with enough heft to feel like a hug. it's also waterproof, with a generous hood and faux-fur ruff that flips out like a brim to block the wind. with the zipper up to your nose and the hood blocking side gusts, you're pretty much weatherproof. we also found that this jacket breathes well, and the generous cut leaves plenty of room to layer up without feeling like an overstuffed pillow. but maybe our favorite part of this jacket is its abundance of pockets. they are generously sized and artfully tucked away, lending the jacket a functional, laidback style. the nuuk is heavy, which we think is a fair tradeoff for how much goodness it packs into every pound. we don't love carting it around inside when inside though \u2014 for strictly urban use there are more user-friendly options. the larger, relaxed fit can sometimes feel overwhelming, particularly the sleeves, which are a roll or two too long. and, while the nuuk kept us dry in our shower tests, the face fabric held onto water more than we'd like for wetter winters. still, this one's for you if you like staying warm and dry in snowstorms or apres tailgates. read more: fjallraven nuuk review. the rei co-op norseland insulated parka drapes you in down for a price that feels like a steal. winter jackets are an investment, and this is a reasonable one. it also feels well-built and likely to last. the 238 grams of 650-fill down is lightweight yet warm in freezing weather. a fleece-lined hood, soft, deep pockets, and colorful wrist gaiters keep your extremities happy. hitting midthigh, this jacket extends further in the back to hold in the heat where you need it. a two-way zipper in front and zippers on either side at the hem give you enough mobility to race up steps or launch a snowball attack. to top it all off, the norseland is bluesign-approved, is filled with responsibly harvested down, and the polyester lining is recycled. the norseland is warm, but it is not the warmest model in our test. it has plenty of down, but a shorter hem, extended side zips, no cinch at the waist, and a shallow hood. you'll likely need warm pants or long johns when temperatures plummet. although the hood fits well and features soft high-pile fleece insulation, it's not deep enough to keep cold, dry winter wind or wet snowflakes off your face. we also wish the collar was roomier. you can tuck your chin into the top of the zipper, but it's a tight fit. if you don't, the zipper rubs the underside of your chin. these caveats aside, if you need a light and warm jacket with a laidback style that won't blow your winter gear budget, this is an excellent choice. read more: rei co-op norseland insulated parka review. the wantdo waterproof snow jacket is both waterproof and warm, featuring a layer of high-pile fleece around your core. an incorporated snow skirt holds in heat while protecting against unexpected tumbles in the snow. combine those facts with this jacket's low price tag, and you get the gist \u2014 it does the job for less. of course, a deal this good rarely comes without compromises. while the roomy and insulated hood has a large, detachable faux fur ruff that does a great job of blocking out crosswinds, the fur is oddly bulky and often tickled our cheeks. and though the ruff slows headwinds around the face, the jacket zipper doesn't come up to the chin, exposing your face and part of your neck in bitter weather. there are also no wrists cuffs to keep drafts out, and the short hem length leaves your lower half out in the cold. our biggest concern, though, is the quality of this jacket's construction. the fabric panels are attached with largely spaced straight stitches, and you can easily slide the end of a paperclip through the gaps. this isn't true for any of the other jackets we tested, and we're afraid it might not last over time. still, if your budget is tight, this jacket will keep your core warm and dry for at least a season or two. read more: wantdo waterproof snow jacket review. the canada goose expedition parka heritage is temperature rated for -22\u00b0f weather and below. we tried it out on a walk in a -20\u00b0 windchill in northern vermont, and it did the trick. no surprise when you consider that this jacket was created for scientists working in mcmurdo station, antarctica. duck-down insulation, incredibly waterproof arctic-tech fabric, and a hood with a real coyote fur ruff work together to block out cold air and brutal winds. with the hood deployed in our shower test, we barely even heard the water, and not a drop snuck inside this fortress of a jacket. it's also surprisingly wearable, with plenty of room in the shoulders and two pockets tucked inside the insulation. even in locales with cold winters, this level of warmth and weather protection is usually unnecessary. so this jacket may be overkill for your needs. it's also heavy, and while it's surprisingly comfortable, especially with the waist cord cinched, the jacket does feel bulky. and, of course, the elephant in the room is the price tag. this jacket is by far the most expensive in our lineup \u2014 by a lot. but for the right person and conditions, we have no doubt the expedition is worth it. canada goose also has an excellent warranty and repair program. read more: canada goose expedition parka heritage review. the outdoor research coze down parka wraps you in 250 grams of 700-fill power goose down. the high-quality feathers keep the jacket light, and the pliable nylon shell is cloud-soft. an insulated hood that extends beyond your face in what outdoor research (or) calls a down-baffle ruff helps keep the weather at bay. it works like a fur ruff to block wind, though not as well. or says that this jacket zips up to your nose, and while its collar is very tall and wide enough to tuck your face into, it only reached a bit above our lead tester's chin. still, it's one of our test's most comfortable tall collars, with a knit lining and inner down baffle to hold in more heat. knit wrist-cuffs and lined pockets beneath the down keep your hands warm. the coze is frumpy in a way that some very fashionable or very tall people can probably pull off as elegant. our lead tester is not one of them. she loves wearing it, though, despite teasing from a few friends \u2014 friends who weren't nearly as warm as she was. we wish it cinched at the waist, which could lend a more flattering shape. more importantly, it would/stop frigid temps from sneaking up into our down cocoon. this isn't a problem with temps around freezing, but it can be when the weather turns truly cold. still, if you want to float around outside in a cloud, thumbing your nose at conventional fashion, seriously consider the coze. read more: outdoor research coze down parka review. the rab neutrino pro down jacket is our top choice for backcountry adventures. the size small is insulated with 212 grams of 800 fill down, which is the loftiest, warmest, and most compressible in our lineup. those numbers translate to a whole lot of feathers holding warmth around your core. an included stuff sack compresses the coat to roughly the size of a football. what really blew testers away, though, was this jacket's weather protection chops. water beaded up and bounced off throughout our 2.5-minute shower test. a few quick shakes, and it was good to go. the highly adjustable hood has a flexible brim, and the jacket has a wide, comfortable collar. so when you're all zipped up, you can tuck your face and chin out of the wind without impairing your field of view. there aren't a lot of downsides to this jacket. a couple of our curvier testers found it can be tight around the hips while fitting well in the shoulders. as a result, the jacket can bunch around the waist, leaving the bum uninsulated and chilled. sizing up may solve the issue. the neutrino is also a shorter jacket than the lineup of parkas that dominate this review, but that's because it's made for movement. if you're looking for a beastly jacket to keep you warm between laps on the ice wall or backcountry rips, we recommend this one. read more: rab neutrino pro down jacket review. the arc'teryx patera parka balances warmth, breathability, lightweight comfort, and classic style. it's an excellent option if you're always on the go, overheat easily, or find yourself ripping your jacket off the second you step inside. it's also light and compact enough to drape over your bag while running errands. the jacket uses high-loft, 750 fill down to hold maximal warmth around your shoulders, chest, back, and over your arms. it places synthetic insulation strategically to hold heat in areas that are more likely to get wet, like the collar, hood, side panels, underarms, and around the lower eight inches of the jacket (wet down feathers are not good at retaining heat.) the combination works well for us when we're on the move or in milder temps. the patera is also windproof and fully waterproof for warmer, wetter winters. the patera parka isn't the warmest jacket we've tested. we noticed the chill in our arms and thighs in temperatures approaching single digits, especially when sitting down outside. the two-way zipper stops about eight inches above the hem. this feature allows you tons of room to stretch your leg but lets more cold air in around your thighs. you can close it with a small snap to circumvent this issue, but then the jacket becomes a touch restrictive. we like the patera best in weather above 10\u00b0f. for less than frigid weather, this trim and durable jacket will keep you feeling sophisticated and comfortable in situations ranging from mellow walks to errand runs. read more: arc'teryx patera parka review. if you want a jacket that can take you from early fall to late spring, the patagonia tres 3-in-1 parka is the option for you. with an inner down layer, an outer shell, and an easy-to-use zipper that combines the two, this three-in-one jacket keeps you ready for ever-changing conditions. the inner jacket is insulated with 150 grams of 700 fill recycled down. it's water-resistant enough to get you out of a drizzle and is a great standalone option for clear and chilly days. the outer layer is waterproof, windproof, and breathable. when you zip the two together, this jacket is both warm and weatherproof. it's also one of the more stylish and flattering options we tested. the tres can be tight in the shoulders when you combine the layers. consider sizing up if you're more muscular or wear thick winter sweaters often. though the hood and outer handwarmer pockets are uninsulated, they are roomy enough to accommodate a beanie and gloves. the hood is also highly adjustable, which lets you snug it down enough to block out rain or snow. this jacket is expensive, but you are getting three high-quality options that will take you through more seasons for the price. read more: patagonia tres 3-in-1 parka review. after spending hours researching the current season's winter jackets, we purchase the top models to test side-by-side. we spent hundreds of hours switching between coats in similar conditions and running repeatable tests, from standing in the shower to laying in a snowbank to standing outside in freezing weather and bitter winds while checking for heat leaks with a laser thermometer. we hiked and walked over 125 miles in inclement weather. we tested every jacket in temps ranging from 50 to -30 degrees fahrenheit with wind chill and in sideways snow and sloppy shoulder season weather. liz williamson helped set the foundation for this review by testing winter jackets in yosemite and around lake tahoe from 2015 to 2019. she tested over 100 jackets in harsh conditions, from the high sierra to the andes and patagonia. her design and wildlife management background gives her knowledge of the practical needs of outerwear in cold environments and the more functional considerations of day-to-day use around town. tester clark tate combines a master's degree in environmental science with a decade of science writing to build on this foundation and flush out our jacket testing plans and ratings. clark developed an appreciation for finding the right winter coat over ten winters living and playing in mountain towns like breckenridge, durango, south lake tahoe, and jay peak. she now lives in maine and frequents new england's snowy peaks. we tested every winter jacket across five comprehensive metrics, and all the subsequent scores are relative to the other jackets in the lineup. a score of 6 or 7 in warmth is still very toasty \u2014 it's just not as warm as models that score higher. you'll want to consider your climate and favorite outdoor activities to determine which test scores and features are the most important for you. you may need a completely waterproof jacket, a super warm option, or something that will breathe and help you keep from overheating. it's essential to find the right winter jacket for your needs and your budget. for example, the rei norseland insulated parka provides an excellent performance-to-price ratio, earns high scores, and is among the least expensive jackets in our test. the wantdo waterproof snow jacket is even cheaper. since it's waterproof and has a deeper, more protective hood than the norseland, it could be a good choice if you experience wet winters. however, though the wantdo holds in a lot of heat, it is much shorter than the norseland. if your bum and legs get cold easily, you may want to consider a longer option like the columbia heavenly long hooded jacket, which doesn't cost much more. though its scores are lower because it is lighter and less weatherproof, it is a solid jacket for milder climates or shoulder seasons. the marmot montreaux scores a bit higher and is still reasonably priced, while the award-winning \u200b\u200boutdoor research coze down parka earns chart-topping scores for just a bit more. if you need a super warm coat but don't need protection from driving winds and snow or wet weather, we think these jackets are definitely worth their price tag. that said, their thin polyester fabric may not be as durable as heavier-duty options. more expensive jackets can still offer excellent value. for example, the patagonia tres 3-in-1 parka gives you three jackets for the price of two budget options. it also offers ecological and ethical value. the coat is insulated with 100% recycled down and 75% recycled polyester (100% in the down layer and 50% in the shell), and its sewing labor is fair trade certified. rab, eddie bauer, rei, outdoor research, the north face, and canada goose all champion the responsible down certification, and some offer recycled fabrics. the shell fabric of the fjallraven nuuk is 100% recycled. if these practices align with your ethics, and you have the extra cash to spend, they offer value as well. it's important to stay warm and comfortable all winter long, so this is our most heavily-weighted metric. much of a jacket's warmth comes down to its insulation. if a coat is filled with down feathers, its warmth is determined by the quality (fill-power) of those feathers, how many there are (fill-weight), and how thick the fabric containing them is. higher fill-powers mean higher quality down and more warmth per weight. we consider anything over 600 to be excellent. numbers don't tell the whole story, though; the warmth of a jacket with synthetic insulation can be even harder to gauge. other factors, such as how long a jacket is, the height of the collar, and the protectiveness of the hood and wrist cuffs, can also make a big difference. lucky for you, we tested each of these jackets side-by-side in snow, rain, wind, and frigid temperatures to gain first-hand experience. the warmest jacket in our test is the canada goose expedition parka. it's rated for temperatures starting in the negative double digits and trending down, so we weren't surprised by its decisive win. the thick insulation, enveloping hood, and cinching waist make it a walking winter cyclone shelter. cold, wind, and wet weather simply can't penetrate. on the flip side, it's also bulky, cumbersome, and very expensive. it is too much jacket for most people most of the time. the toastiest jackets you're likely to need day-to-day are also some of our favorites \u2014 these are the fjallraven nuuk, outdoor research coze, marmot montreaux, rab deep cover, and rab neutrino pro down. the nuuk relies on thick, durable fabric, a protective hood, and synthetic insulation to hold in warmth. the puffy-style montreaux is loaded with 700 fill power down and a fleece-lined torso. the deep cover is incredibly warm thanks to its masses of mid-quality feathers, while the neutrino packs in 215 grams of top-notch 800 fill power down. using these higher-quality feathers maximizes the neutrino's warmth and compressibility while minimizing its weight, making it our favorite winter jacket to pack into the backcountry. knee-length parkas like the montreaux or the patagonia jackson glacier are incredibly cozy in brutally cold weather, which we think of as 10 degrees fahrenheit or below. the outdoor research coze reaches to the middle of the calves and covers the head with a large, deep, and very warm hood. coze is right. the the north face outer boroughs parka and the jackson glacier are also plenty warm for most winter weather. the jackson glacier has less down but higher quality 700 fill. the outer boroughs has lower quality down but plenty of it, and a thick and windproof shell that holds in heat. keep in mind that the warmest jackets may be overkill in some conditions. good design can help mitigate this \u2014 the arc'teryx patera parka places 750 fill down where you need to hold in heat, and synthetic insulation where you're likely to generate sweat and need more breathability. most of the jackets we tested have smart features to help keep out the cold. cuffed sleeves keep drafts from creeping up the arms, and insulated fleece-lined pockets are lifesavers on truly frigid days. a solid base layer can also be part of a smart layering system and go a long way in keeping your body heat close. a warm hood makes a huge difference in cold weather, and we like hoods that are large enough to allow you to fit a beanie underneath. insulated hoods with faux-fur ruffs that roll out around your face, like those on the expedition parka, nuuk, and the north face arctic parka, keep the head happy in stormy weather. the or coze and rab neutrino pro have unique hoods that serve a similar purpose. the coze has a down baffle that juts out beyond the face to protect it, and the neutrino has a flexible but stiff brim that allows you to cinch the hood around your face and still see. both help keep your face warm, but they don't replicate the wind-cutting power of fur, real or faux. the canada goose expedition parka uses real coyote fur in the hood ruff. while a fur ruff certainly makes a jacket more protective in a storm, the ethics of using real fur can be controversial. canada goose is the only manufacturer in this review that uses real coyote fur, and they are committed to sourcing the fur ethically and responsibly. winter weather can range from cold and dry to sleet, wind, and freezing rain. if you live in a wet climate like seattle, having a moderately warm and completely waterproof winter jacket is a good idea. if cold temperatures, biting winds, and dry snow are your reality, warmth and wind resistance are critical. all the models we tested offer some protection from wet weather, from a water-resistant coating to a full-blown waterproof membrane. to test how well each jacket keeps you dry and cuts cold winds, we went for walks on wet snow days, stood in the shower for 2.5 minutes, headed out in windstorms, and braved blizzards. the canada goose expedition parka wins in this metric too. it's as close to impenetrable as a winter jacket can be, with a tough outer shell and an insanely protective hood to block wind and snow. though it's not meant to be used in temperatures where water is in liquid form, it shrugs rain off as well as anything else. the arc'teryx patera and patagonia tres are also windproof and are our favorite wet weather options. both have nicely shaped hoods with good coverage and completely waterproof exteriors that didn't let a drop in during our shower tests. the tres parka's water and windproof outer shell work wonderfully as a rain jacket. the north face arctic parka, the north face outer boroughs parka, and fjallraven nuuk also offer excellent shelter from a storm. their hoods roll out to form protective tunnels, and the collars zip up to the nose. while the two north face options have tight and uncomfortable collars when zipped up, the nuuk provides plenty of room. that said, while you'll stay dry when wearing the nuuk, the fabric does wet out in rain or wet snow. the outer boroughs also has a gap where the faux-fur ruff snaps to the hood that cold air can funnel through. the outdoor research coze and rab neutrino pro are other impressive options. both have hoods that form a protective ring around the face and cinch down to keep the wind at bay. they are also incredibly water resistant, easily shrugging off 2.5 minutes of steady water in our shower test. the patagonia jackson glacier and rei norseland parka both have impressive wet weather chops, with dwr coatings that shed moisture effectively and zippers that keep water out. unfortunately, both also have small and shallow hoods that do very little to protect the face. the wantdo waterproof snow jacket kept us dry during our shower test, and its hood is extremely protective. its face fabric, however, wets through and stays that way. winter jackets can feel restrictive, so we love the ones that feel roomy and cozy instead. we also love soft details that keep the body warm in a storm, like a well-designed hood and protective cuffs. the most comfortable jackets we reviewed are supple and cut to provide plenty of shoulder room to stretch, move, and layer up with a nice fleece. some winter jackets wrap you in down from your head to your knees, and others drape you in comfortingly weighted canvas. all of these features factor into comfort. if you like puffy jackets, consider the outdoor research coze, rab neutrino pro, rei norseland, or the patagonia down with it parka. all earn top marks for combining a great cut with a velvety soft feel. we also adore the marmot montreaux with its nicely fitted, downy hood and soft ruff. it offers instant comfort with a plush, fleece-lined torso and collar, though the shoulders are a little tight. the rab deep cover parka and canada goose camp hooded also score well for their lofty, unrestrictive down fill and light nylon shells. if you need a sturdier exterior but don't want to cut on the cozy factor, we suggest the fjallraven nuuk. its design gives you plenty of room to layer and move, the fabric is buttery soft, and its slight heft truly feels like a hug. we also found the cut and comfort of the arc'teryx patera parka impressive. it's trim and flattering but never restrictive, even with the collar fully zipped. it also offers plenty of shoulder room. the sleek outer fabric belies the cozy down baffles inside. soft storm cuffs hug your wrists, and the insulated hood snugs around your head. the columbia suttle mountain long and heavenly long jackets are similarly easy to wear. they are lightweight with roomy cuts and soft fleece liners in the hood. why not stay warm and look good doing it? we know style is subjective, so we weight it less than the metrics above. the winter jackets in this review vary in length, fit, function, and fashion. some have smooth, sleek outer shells like the arc'teryx patera, some sport the rugged, functional look of the fjallraven nuuk, and others feature downy baffles, like the marmot montreaux. we like all of these styles, but some are executed better than others. the rab deep cover parka and marmot montreaux are two of the most stylish jackets we tested. they're similar, with thin fabric, down baffles, and a hood with a faux fur ruff. the deep cover has horizontal seams and a mid-thigh length. the montreaux's baffles are angled to create a chevron pattern, and it reaches the knees. both earned us tons of compliments. the deep cover is a bit sportier, while the montreaux is more elegant, thanks to those angled seams, which suggest a slight drape. the patagonia tres 3-in-1 parka nails sophisticated winter style, with princess seams and pleasing proportions. we like the look of all three layers. the patera  is a close runner-up. clever insulation mapping cuts down on bulk to offer a trim silhouette. the handwarmer pockets never interrupt the elegant line, and the face fabric's high quality is evident. a durable jacket should serve its intended purpose for years, if not decades. to get one, you may need to spend more. thicker fabrics stand up to rough use, but thinner shells work fine if you avoid manual labor and things like ski edges. most of the jackets in this review are made with quality materials and should last, but there are some notable differences. the north face outer boroughs, the north face arctic, and fjallraven nuuk parkas seem indestructible with minimal exterior stitching and tough nylon, polyester, and cotton shells. the canada goose expedition parka feels similarly bombproof. however, we worry about the hook-and-loop storm flap closures on the arctic and the name-brand velcro ones on the expedition parka \u2014 both could wear out over time. the two-layer polyester and gore-tex shell on the arc'teryx patera also brushes off sharp sticks and brambles with ease. based on our experience with this and other arc'teryx products, we expect it to maintain its weather and windproof properties for many years. the patagonia tres has a two-layer h2no membrane and polyester twill fabric that seems invincible. there isn't much to snag or unravel between the sturdy material and minimal external stitching. we did notice a few down feathers escaping from the inner jacket. it's not enough to concern us, but this layer is thin, snaggable, and has loads of external stitching. keeping this layer up and running will require some care. some of the softest and most comfortable jackets we tested didn't earn the highest marks for durability. jackets like the montreaux wrap all that lovely down in a thin polyester shell. we ripped a small hole in the montreaux during testing. it hasn't gotten any bigger, and it's easy to fix, but you do need to take good care of this type of winter jacket if you want it to last. the jackson glacier parka is a good compromise, offering a light and soft down puffy feel with thicker, presumably more durable, fabric. gearlab is founded on the principle of honest, objective, reviews. our experts test thousands of products each year using thoughtful test plans that bring out key performance differences between competing products. and, to assure complete independence, we buy all the products we test ourselves. no cherry-picked units sent by manufacturers. no sponsored content. no ads. just real, honest, side-by-side testing and comparison. how can we improve gearlab? got feedback?\n\nlet us know! material on gearlab is copyrighted. reproduction without permission is prohibited.\n    all trademarks property of their respective owners\nprivacy | cookies | terms. the rab neutrino pro is our top pick. anna popp is a commerce writer at travel + leisure where she tests, researches, and writes about travel products. since living overseas in 2018, anna has been a travel writer and began reviewing products in 2021. we independently evaluate all recommended products and services. if you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.\n learn more. travel & leisure / maria rowella. from peacoats and wool jackets to puffers and parkas, there are many different winter styles made for braving the elements. while staying warm is the priority, the best winter jackets will also protect you from wind, snow, rain, and other harsh weather conditions. our expert outdoor enthusiasts tested a range of winter jackets to find the best ones on the market. we evaluated each piece of outerwear based on design, comfort, and warmth after wearing the jackets while hiking, attending sporting events, and going on brisk morning dog walks. in the end, our favorite men\u2019s winter jacket is the rab neutrino pro puffer jacket. it\u2019s exceptionally warm and lightweight, and it can compress down into a small stuff sack, making it portable for travel. if a puffer jacket isn\u2019t your style, other coats like a luxurious ralph lauren peacoat and a versatile l.l. bean parka made our list, too. the jacket's fit can be adjusted in the hood, wrists, and waist. it has a loose and baggy fit without adjustments. you can never go wrong with a puffer jacket like the cozy rab neutrino pro when the weather turns. at first glance, the jacket may appear to be too large, but once our tester put on the coat and adjusted the velcro wrists and bungee cord at the waist, it was a perfect fit. the 800-down fill insulation is incredibly warm and marshmallow-like, but the best part is how lightweight the jacket feels despite the ample puffiness. plus, the coat can fold into a compact carrying bag so you can easily store it in the summer or travel with it seamlessly. \"it's so versatile,\" one of our testers said after regularly wearing the jacket for two months. \"whether it's for a casual stroll or a biking commute, this jacket works in many conditions. at first glance, the puffiness may seem cumbersome, but because it is very light, soft, and squishy, it allows for great range of motion with ease.\". we also love the design of the jacket thanks to the multitude of thoughtful features for staying warm in the winter. the wrists have velcro straps, the waist has an adjustable bungee, and even the hood has drawstrings \u2014 all of which helped \u201clock in the warmth keeping cold air from seeping in,\u201d according to our tester. and the helmet-compatible hood has a little visor built into the brim so your eyes won\u2019t get rain or snow in them quickly. to sweeten the deal further, the brand has a generous lifetime warranty on the jacket. no matter what kind of cold-weather activity you need a jacket for, the rab neutrino pro is the best option for versatility and warmth. price at time of publish: $385. the details: s to xl | recycled pertex quantum pro. travel + leisure / henry yung. it\u2019s a very warm and cozy hoodie-like jacket for those who don\u2019t like puffers or parkas. the hood is a bit bulky. if down jackets aren\u2019t your thing, this carhartt quilted jacket is a great alternative and it\u2019s budget-friendly, too. the coat resembles the design of a zip-up hoodie, but it\u2019s definitely warmer and heavier than a traditional sweater thanks to its thick cotton outer layer lined with cozy quilted fabric on the inside. we love how comfortable and warm it is and our tester shared that \u201cthere was no overheating while wearing the jacket, especially outside and it was even comfy just wearing in and out of the house. there was no feeling of 'this jacket needs to come off now.'\u201d the design of this piece of outerwear is simple and no-frills and, while the hood is a little bit bigger than we would have liked, it wasn\u2019t a big inconvenience. since carhartt is known for having durable clothing, we paid close attention to the design and materials of the jacket, and we feel confident that it will last for plenty of winters to come. price at time of publish: $109. the details: s to 5xl | cotton. travel + leisure / alessandra amodio. the jacket fits very well around the shoulders, arm, and chest without feeling constrictive. it\u2019s not suited for rain, snow, or extremely cold temperatures. a peacoat will never go out of style, especially this timeless polo ralph lauren wool-blend melton peacoat. as soon as we put on this jacket, we reveled in its luxuriously soft and thick wool outer material. and, it\u2019s outfitted with sleek buttons that depict the initials \u201cr\u201d and \u201cl\u201d on either side of an anchor for an extra touch of elegance and style. according to our tester, one of the best parts of this jacket is that the design doesn\u2019t feel bulky or restrictive, as it fits just right in the shoulders, chest, and arms. we found the jacket to be warm enough for 40 degrees fahrenheit, but because it\u2019s not meant to be worn as a jacket in extreme weather, you may want to opt for a true puffer or parka in snow or rain. however, for those in the market for a wool peacoat, our tester concluded their rave review by stating that the jacket is \u201ca classic design you can wear forever,\u201d thanks to the high-quality materials and classy structure. price at time of publish: $598. the details: 32 to 54 (short, regular, long) | wool, nylon, cotton. travel + leisure / karen chen. the jacket has a minimalist design and is made with 100 percent recycled polyester. it feels heavy to wear and the zipper snagged easily. we love that everlane\u2019s renew long parka is made with 100 percent recycled polyester and primeloft insulation sourced from 64 renewed plastic bottles. the minimalist design of the jacket makes it a versatile option for a variety of winter activities and we found that it\u2019s exceptionally warm and weatherproof on windy or rainy days due to its water- and wind-resistant materials.\u00a0\"i would definitely recommend the parka because it's versatile and sturdy,\" one tester said after regularly wearing the jacker for two months. \"i didn't ever feel like i was going to rip or snag anything, it's very warm, and i especially love the deep cargo pockets, which are big enough to fit a book while i'm riding the train. i also like the oversized hood for when it's raining or snowing out.\". although the jacket might feel a bit heavy to wear, the ample warmth and protection it provides is well worth the slight bulkiness, and if you wanted a more form-fitting look, our tester suggested sizing down to eliminate the extra weight. another tester noted that the hood is a standout feature for the jacket because it\u2019s \u201creally well-designed and is especially useful in wet, rainy weather, as it shields my head and face from the elements but can also be easily tucked back out of the way when not in use,\u201d they shared. the zipper did snag a bit, but because it\u2019s a self-lubricating ykk zipper, we\u2019re hopeful that it only gets smoother with more use. price at time of publish: $278. the details: s to xl | recycled polyester. travel + leisure / danielle st. pierre. it\u2019s easy to layer underneath the jacket while still being able to move around. this parka runs slightly big. the mountain hardwear stretchdown parka is the perfect puffer jacket for every type of winter activity, from snowshoeing to running errands. the jacket provides the same warmth as a traditional parka, but it has better mobility thanks to the lightweight design, making it easy to move around in. we found it to be very roomy, and even though our tester sized down, there was still lots of room for several layers underneath the jacket, which is ideal for activities in the snow or exceptionally cold weather.\u00a0\"i would absolutely recommend this product due to its quality, comfort, and ability to keep me warm even in extreme conditions,\" one tester said after regularly wearing the jacket for two months. \"this jacket is very warm and comfortable, and the fact that it runs a little bit large makes it great for layering additional jackets underneath if needed. the material does indeed stretch, but it is not necessarily elastic \u2014 this makes moving around when layered up very easy.\". the only time another tester felt a bit too hot while wearing the coat was during a hike when they ended up shedding a layer, but they were still impressed with the jacket's breathability while remaining at a comfortable temperature. with thoughtful designs for outdoor activities, the tester shared that \u201cthe zippers are easy to open and close, and the main zipper on the front of the jacket can be opened from the bottom or the top thanks to its double zipper design. this is really nice if you're hiking or climbing and need to wear a harness.\u201d plus, we love that the hood is structured so it shields your face from inclement weather without impairing your vision. price at time of publish: $340. the details: s to xxl | nylon, elastane. travel + leisure / john somerall. the materials are thick and warm without feeling cumbersome to wear. it runs slightly big. parkas are the perfect combination of style and function in the winter, and the eddie bauer seabeck down parka is no exception. filled with ultra-soft 650-down insulation, one tester praised the feel of the jacket for being exceptionally cozy and said that \u201cthe down panels in this are incredibly soft, and wearing the jacket feels like putting on a blanket.\u201d. this jacket is also designed to keep you warm in temperatures as low as -30 degrees fahrenheit and our testers noticed right away how warm it was. \"it's a very warm coat with a functional, slightly anonymous look,\" one tester said after regularly wearing the coat for two months. \"it's large enough that i could fit it over anything, with stretchable cuffs and it's got deep pockets on the front and a warm hood.\" based on our reviewer\u2019s experience with the coat, we\u2019re confident it lives up to its promise of keeping you warm in sub-zero temperatures. this jacket runs large, so it\u2019s ideal for layering for added warmth, and the fabric cuff at the end of the sleeves keeps cold air out, even if the arms are a bit too long. price at time of publish: $279. the details: s to xl | cotton, nylon. travel + leisure / andrew whalen. the jacket has a removable puffer liner that can be worn as a separate coat on warmer days. it could be too warm for above-freezing temperatures. the l.l. bean men's maine warden's 3-in-1 parka was designed with the help of maine wardens who enforce fish and wildlife laws in the state of maine. with 15 pockets, a removable puffer liner, and a waterproof shell, this jacket is an all-in-one purchase. our tester referred to this versatile piece of outerwear as \u201cby far the best winter coat i've ever had, mainly because it's so comfortable that i forget i'm wearing it,\u201d they said. the shell of the jacket has a handy storm flap and is made with a waterproof, breathable gore-tex fabric to keep you shielded from harsh winter weather.\u00a0\"i'd absolutely recommend this product \u2014 it's two jackets in one, looks great (albeit bulky), and keeps me warm,\" another tester said after regularly wearing the coat for two months. arguably the best part of this jacket is that it has a removable puffer liner that can be worn on warmer days since both the shell and liner can be a little too warm for above-freezing temperatures, according to our tester who had to keep the jacket unzipped in 35-degree weather. while this is one of the pricier jackets we tested, the option to wear the shell, the puffer, or both at once, makes the value well worth the cost. price at time of publish: $399. the details: s to xxl (regular and tall) | nylon, polyester. travel + leisure / nick maslow. it\u2019s made with 700-down fill without feeling too puffy or bulky. the material feels thin but it doesn\u2019t affect the performance of the jacket. our testers raved about how warm the 700-down fill outdoor research stormcraft down parka is for below-freezing temperatures. \"as i wore the jacket more and more, i started to feel bad that i wasted years in other mediocre jackets,\" one tester said after regularly wearing the jacket for two months. it has a variety of thoughtful features for those living in harsh environments like wrist gaiters for preventing snow or cold air from seeping in, an adjustable hood, a chin guard, and so many pockets that another tester said \u201cwho needs to carry a bag when this jacket is a carry-all?\u201d. although the jacket feels a bit thin, we found that it does an excellent job of retaining warmth thanks to the water- and windproof gore-tex 2l shell, and it doesn\u2019t feel bulky or cumbersome to wear for long periods of time. in fact, our tester wore the jacket on a 50-degree day and didn\u2019t overheat. additionally, they raved about the breathability of the lightweight parka and said that \u201ci have seen a noticeable drop in sweat levels produced while wearing this jacket as compared to other winter jackets that provide warmth from a lack of breathability.\u201d for extra chilly winters, this outdoor research parka is a must-have for staying warm without overheating. price at time of publish: $499. the details: s to xxl | gore-tex, polyester, nylon. it has all the right features to keep you warm, but not overheat you. it runs unusually large so you'll want to size down. the rei co-op stormhenge down hybrid parka is a no-frills parka that is ideal for wearing any day during the winter. it\u2019s made with a cozy 850-down goose fill that is the perfect balance of warm and soft without feeling bulky or too puffy to wear on a typical day. plus, we found that the mid-thigh length isn\u2019t too long or too short for staying warm and still having plenty of mobility.\u00a0\"it obviously keeps you warm, has deep pockets, a detachable hood, and all the bells and whistles, but it's also not bulky,\" one tester said after regularly wearing the jacket for two months. \"even when you're wearing it, you aren't drowning in it.\". another tester loved that the jacket has a variety of fleece-lined pockets for keeping your hands toasty, and the sleeves have a wrist gaiter for extra protection in cold weather. while we normally recommend sizing up for winter jackets so you can layer, we found that this coat runs unusually large so we sized down and still had plenty of room for additional layers \u2014 though we think this jacket is plenty warm without extra clothing underneath. price at time of publish: $299. the details: s to xxl | recycled nylon. there were a few jackets that almost made our list for the best men\u2019s winter jackets, but they fell short during testing due to some minor inconveniences. the north face mcmurdo down parka: while the jacket was comfortable and warm to wear, it didn\u2019t have any standout features to completely justify the $400 price tag. patagonia tres-in-1 parka: the jacket is very versatile thanks to its removable liner, but we liked the other 3-in-1 jacket we tested from l.l. bean better, and it\u2019s nearly half the price of this one. marmot fordham jacket: this jacket was extremely warm for subfreezing temperatures, but it\u2019s very bulky which made it constrictive to wear. travel + leisure / michael navarro. we had our expert product testers try 18 different types of winter jackets, ranging from puffers to peacoats. our testers were tasked with wearing the jackets for a variety of activities in a real-world environment. from hiking in the woods to commuting to the office, we rated the jackets on a scale of one to five in categories for comfort, warmth, and design. the best jackets for comfort were easy to move around in with multiple layers on, and the materials on the inside and outside felt comfortable to wear for long periods of time. to test for warmth, we wore the jackets for a variety of activities like hiking, sporting events, and early morning dog walks in temperatures ranging from below freezing to 50-degree weather. the best coats for warmth were toasty enough that our testers weren\u2019t cold, but there was still some breathability to prevent any overheating or excessive sweating. then, we evaluated the design of each jacket by noting how functional the pockets, hood, zippers, and other features were while wearing it. some jackets we tried had removable liners and detachable hoods, so we paid close attention to how useful those special designs were. our favorite jackets for design had a variety of thoughtful touches like wrist gaiters, fleece-lined pockets, and smooth zippers. lastly, our testers were unaware of the price of each jacket prior to testing and only found out the cost after testing was complete when they decided if the performance of the jacket justified the price. depending on the climate of where you live, you\u2019ll want to get a jacket that will keep you warm or cool enough for a variety of winter activities. if you like to snowshoe or hike in the winter, consider getting a thick puffer jacket that has enough room for layers to be taken off or added. and if you\u2019re looking for a jacket that is ideal for running errands, sightseeing, or commuting, consider purchasing a cozy parka with a longer length for additional warmth. or, you can get a 3-in-1 jacket that has the option to wear the liner or shell separately or together on extra chilly days. while the general rule of thumb is to size up for winter jackets so you can layer underneath, we found it\u2019s important to check the reviews for sizing recommendations, as some jackets run very large. if you prefer a more form-fitting style, you can purchase your usual size and wear a light layer underneath. the label on the jacket should come with cleaning instructions for safely washing your outerwear. usually, all types of jackets can be washed (yes, even puffer jackets), it just depends on if the jacket needs to be machine-washed, dry-cleaned, or spot cleaned in the event it can\u2019t be submerged in water. there are several styles of winter jackets and it ultimately depends on your personal preferences for style, warmth, and fit. puffer jackets are popular amongst outdoor enthusiasts because they\u2019re lightweight and breathable, but those heading into an office might prefer something less sporty, like a parka or a peacoat. anna popp is a commerce writer at travel + leisure, where she writes about and reviews travel products. she has been travel writing since 2018 and product testing since 2021. anna worked with travel editors to determine the results for the best men\u2019s winter jackets based on a series of tests completed by our expert product testers. love a great deal? sign up for our t+l recommends newsletter and we'll send you our favorite travel products each week. by clicking \u201caccept all cookies\u201d, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. join popsci+ to read science\u2019s greatest stories. it\u2019s just $1 per month \u00bb. a solid winter jacket will help you get the most out of your favorite cold-weather activities. brave the elements during quick trips to the supermarket or longer excursions outdoors. this women\u2019s winter jacket combats harsh winds and offers many comforts. an interchangeable jacket that won\u2019t break the bank. we may earn revenue from the products available on this page and participate in affiliate programs. learn more \u203a. it\u2019s always winter in some hemisphere, so it\u2019s a good idea to supply yourself with a fantastic jacket to keep you warm wherever and whenever you might need it. an absolute essential for anyone who lives in or vacations to a colder climate, the best winter jacket will mesh well with your personal style while providing top-notch protection from wind, rain, sleet, and snow. whether you are looking for a lightweight running jacket, a simple, stylish parka jacket for errands, or a down-filled design perfect for exploring the backcountry, you want to find the best blend of form and function. there are plenty of options available, so we\u2019ve curated this selection to help you find the best winter coats to add to your wardrobe. when choosing the best winter jacket for you, the most important thing to consider is climate, followed closely by activity. you\u2019ll likely have to choose between a casual or performance coat. casual winter clothing is designed for errands, walks about town, or keeping warm during your commute to work. these coats might be a bit heavier, but they are super warm and crafted with style and silhouette in mind. a performance jacket is designed for athletic activities like hiking, running, or cycling. they are lightweight and will provide increased mobility while protecting for long periods in the cold. for example, if you live in a super snowy place and need a jacket that\u2019s suitable for a long hike, you\u2019ll need a waterproof model that is well insulated with a lightweight fill to keep you warm without dragging you down. if you live in a city that suffers from cold winds, a versatile jacket with a sleek shell and fur-lined hood is a stylish way to stay warm and keep the wind out of your eyes. the next thing to consider is the fill material and its effect on price. winter jackets can be quite expensive, for a reason. they are your first line of defense when it comes to brutally cold days, offering excellent insulation and heat retention. pricing can depend on many things, but one of the most common structures correlates to the fill material and power. a jacket\u2019s fill is the material stuffed between the outer and inner layers, directly responsible for trapping heat and keeping out the cold. the most popular fill is down, which is the light undercoating that lies beneath the feathers of ducks and geese. synthetic down is also available, typically made from ultrafine polyester fibers that perform well even when wet. each jacket is given a fill-power number to reflect the loftiness of the down. the higher the fill power, the better the down will be at trapping air, generating an effective warmth-to-weight ratio, and quickly compressing when it\u2019s time for summer storage. we\u2019ve also covered other winter gear, like the best heated gloves, so we know a thing or two about staying cozy in frigid situations. now that you\u2019re prepped with the logistics, let\u2019s dive deeper into our favorite picks, as well as a few more tips for selecting the best winter jackets. why it made the cut: a loose fit and 600-fill goose down make for a warm jacket that\u2019s stylish. the north face mcmurdo winter jacket will help you brave the elements during quick trips to the supermarket or longer excursions outdoors. it has a two-layer dryvent waterproof shell, 600-fill-power goose down, and weighs a little over 3 pounds. the hood has an emergency gaiter to prevent any snow from sneaking in, plus the faux-fur trim is removable, so you can even customize your coat a bit. while north face doesn\u2019t have a women\u2019s winter jacket that\u2019s the exact same model, the north face arctic parka ii, shares many of the features of the men\u2019s winter jacket, including fill power and dryvent technology. why it made the cut: this jacket withstands temperatures as low as -20 degrees fahrenheit, ensuring you\u2019ll feel cozy in even the iciest of conditions. the supra men\u2019s performance puffer makes a great winter statement. filled with premium canadian origin white duck down, down-filled hood and ribbed cuffs that seal in heat, this men\u2019s winter jacket will keep you warm in temperatures as low as -30 degrees fahrenheit. the waterproof material will keep you dry during a snowstorm, and its seam seal tape beefs up its ability to protect you from the elements.\u00a0plus, a  10,000mm windproof laminated membrane fends off gusts and gales. you can keep your phone or keys protected in its flap pockets at the waist or the zipped pocket on the left bicep. and there\u2019s no need to spend extra money to maintain the jacket\u2014just toss it in the washing machine. the men\u2019s winter jacket is available in a variety of colorways so you can find your perfect match. why it made the cut: you don\u2019t need a thick, bulky jacket to stay snug while hiking or running outdoors. this arc\u2019teryx hoody is designed to stand up to nature\u2019s wettest, windiest weather. gore-tex reduces the need for heavier fabrics to keep warm and dry. it\u2019s easy to compress and pack even with the fitted hood. it also features a watertight front zip and an elasticized hem. plus, it\u2019s machine washable. excellent in the cold weather, this jacket is also available in women\u2019s sizes. canada goose is known for producing the best winter coats with arctic tech fabric that will hold up in the freezing cold. the rossclair parka is a canada goose jacket that delivers 650 fill power in a streamlined, slim fit that eliminates any boxiness, plus adjustable exterior waist straps mean you can get a sleek cinch. available in nine colors, each with a two-way adjustable hood with removable fur ruff, plus recessed rib-knit cuffs, this women\u2019s winter jacket combats harsh winds and offers many comforts. why it made the cut: a quality winter jacket doesn\u2019t have to cost an arm and a leg\u2014and this one from columbia is proof. an interchangeable jacket that won\u2019t break the bank, this model from columbia utilizes a combination of heat-reflective and air-permeable waterproof technology to dissipate moisture while keeping the heat in and the cold out. as it gets warmer, you can settle on just the shell, or if it\u2019s still quite cold, but the snow has stopped, you can comfortably get away with the inner layer alone. a truly great winter jacket is comfortable, and cozy, and can last for seasons to come. it should stand up to snow and sleet without weighing you down, protect and insulate without any achilles heel, and have a stylish yet neutral design to pair with any outfit you own. if you\u2019re not looking for a thin, lightweight outdoor activity jacket, you might find it comforting to buy a model with a little more weight and slightly lower fill power. you\u2019ll know for sure that you won\u2019t get cold, plus you\u2019ll feel more protected. a fill power of 500 and above should be perfectly adequate for walks about town, taking the train to work, or heading out to dinner with friends on a below-freezing winter evening. if you live in a place that gets a fair amount of snow or winter rain, make sure your winter jacket is waterproof or at least has a waterproof shell. we recommend selecting a coat that will fall at or around the upper/mid-thigh for maximum coverage without any extra bulk. it also doesn\u2019t hurt to go with a hood for additional shielding around the face. once you\u2019ve found an option that has the right amount of fill for your locale\u2019s weather, all you need to do is decide on the color and\u2014bam\u2014you\u2019ll have the best winter coat around town. winter coats have a reputation for being boxy, bulky, or simply uncool. but that doesn\u2019t have to be the case. while you can undoubtedly find a sleek, streamlined wool coat, hip bomber jacket, or trendy oversized teddy designs, you may find yourself shaking if things get too frigid. if you live in a freezing climate, we recommend having at least one really well-insulated coat to keep on hand when your other options just won\u2019t cut it. a long parka jacket with a fur-lined hood is one of our favorite popular styles (there\u2019s a reason, say, a canada goose jacket is coveted). if you select a top-notch jacket from a reputable brand, you won\u2019t need to invest in a new coat for years to come. they will give you the look of winter royalty and ensure you stay protected against the elements. while some prefer to have two different jackets for outdoor pastimes\u2014one for, say, trail walking, and one for shorter excursions like running to the store or walking the dog, there are many great options for those looking to have it all. a combination casual/performance winter coat is the way to go if you want maximum flexibility. for an easy transition from snowshoeing to a drink slopeside, go for a jacket with a high fill power: something around the 700 mark should do the trick. this will ensure your jacket is light enough to keep you moving without overheating, with a bit of puff to provide maximum coziness and comfort when you\u2019re not exercising. of course, you\u2019ll want to make sure the shell is water and wind-resistant, so you\u2019re not soaked through or chilled to the bone if the weather suddenly changes. unlike a purely casual jacket, we recommend lifting the hemline a bit so that it rests at or around your hips. this length will still keep you warm, but it will free up your lower half and increase mobility. a combination casual and performance jacket will set you up nicely for anything the colder months can throw at you. don\u2019t forget to add a pair of the best heated socks or some heated insoles for warm toes to match your warm arms. cold weather doesn\u2019t mean you need to stop enjoying the great outdoors and everything it has to offer. if you\u2019re lucky enough to live in or visit a place where winter running and cycling are available to you, make sure you\u2019re equipped with the best winter jacket available. a winter running jacket made for running outdoors will rely less on down fill and more on a thin yet insulated design to make sure you don\u2019t overheat. the key to outdoor exercise is layering. you\u2019ll notice that many winter jackets are significantly thinner than their casual or even trekking counterparts; this is because they are designed to fit over other pieces of moisture-wicking clothing, like long-sleeve shirts or lightweight fleece. having the option to shed or add a layer can be a game-changer when it comes to a challenging run. if you know your first few layers can be quite thick, think about sizing up your jacket.\u00a0you can also opt for a heated vest if you don\u2019t need a full jacket, but would still like some warmth. as with all our favorite jackets, it\u2019s important to find a hooded model that is waterproof, but you\u2019ll also need to think about breathability. while you can still consider a high fill power (something around 750 will do nicely), you should pay even more attention to the construction and material. a material like gore-tex repels water without trapping in sweat, making it great for all-weather use and ensuring your cool down won\u2019t leave you shivering. an excellent winter jacket is certainly an investment and can set you back more than just a pretty penny. however, you can definitely find a few more reasonably priced winter jackets if you\u2019re not ready to shell out a grand for a canada goose jacket quite yet. ultimately, you\u2019ll want your winter coat to last for more than one season, which can help explain the price. if you want an outer layer that costs under $100, there is a good chance you\u2019ll find yourself looking for a replacement within a year or two. however, if you pay apt attention to the fill quality (synthetic or natural) and overall construction, you may be able to find a great quality jacket for less. when it comes time to wash a winter jacket, many can be loaded into your washing machine and tumble-dried on low for a quick and easy clean. however, we don\u2019t recommend doing this more than a few times per season. if you get dirt, salt, or other schmutz on the outer shell, you should be able to simply wipe away debris with a cloth towel and warm water. make sure to read the fabric care labels before washing for the first time, as some coats require dry cleaning. a winter jacket should fit snugly without being too tight. if the coat is too small, the down might become compressed and less effective, plus your mobility will be restricted. you\u2019ll know it\u2019s too tight if you can\u2019t easily give yourself a hug, arms touching your shoulder blades. the jacket should never rise above your belly, and the shoulder seams should not be resting mid-bicep. feel free to size up in winter jackets, especially if you plan on layering, but make sure you can still perform daily activities without the bulk of the coat getting in the way. there are many other types of winter jackets to choose from, especially if you don\u2019t need a waterproof jacket. lined leather jackets, wool peacoats, and fleeces are a great way to supplement your waterproof, down-filled staple. you can find a ton of styles and colors suitable for various weather conditions to maximize outfit options. related: need a warm, comfortable hat? head on over to this winter accessories guide. the best winter coats and jackets are wardrobe essentials for anyone who will experience cold weather. the best winter jacket for you will suit the climate you\u2019re in and won\u2019t prohibit you from participating in your favorite outdoor activities. water and wind resistance are certainly must-have features, and we recommend never saying no to a removable hood. choose a casual coat for everyday wear and a performance coat for more demanding activities like trail running, or select a combination for a great winter jacket that will keep you cozy during the winter seasons to come. like science, tech, and diy projects? sign up to receive popular science's emails and get the highlights. articles may contain affiliate links which enable us to share in the revenue of any purchases made. registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our terms of service. \u00a9 2023 recurrent. all rights reserved. lot of considerations:conditions: wet vs. dryhood vs hoodlessdown vs. syntheticpackable or notshell vs insulatedlow intensity (walking/sitting) vs high intensity (hiking/running/sports)style: technical vs urban made in usa carhartt. $100. done. patagonia or acrteryx would be my recommendation. i will recommend carhartt until i expire from this earth. i have a three-in-one from columbia that i got six years ago and love! i believe it was about $175 then, but i'm not sure if that was on sale. if the inner & outer layers are zipped together, it's a warm winter coat even in weather that's as cold as it gets where i live (ohio). separated, there's an outer layer that works as a rain jacket and an inner layer that works as a light jacket. both have good-sized pockets, and the rain jacket has a detachable hood. i haven't noticed any fading in the color and it basically looks exactly like when i bought it.the only downside is that the inner and outer layers definitely fit differently--the outer layer being a bit looser, if that matters to you. i wish i could recommend the winter coat i wear.  it was my grand-uncle's coat he wore for years as an outdoor worker at an airport.  the only problem is that the brand name is \"amazon\" so you can imagine what a hard time one would have finding it online.it's navy blue ballistic nylon, with heavy duty ykk zippers (including one to attach/detach the hood) and i've been wearing it myself for at least 30 years.   i've had the zipper repaired once due to stitches pulling loose, and i now need to do the same for the hood zipper.  but otherwise it's flawless.  my brother-in-law calls it my \"bulletproof coat\". lands end has good quality and very reasonable prices. llbean has good quality and slightly more expensive prices. ll bean maine game warden parka definitely would recommend the ll bean insulated jackets. i've never been disappointed with an ll bean product. they stand up great to the new england winters. i\u2019ve got an eddie bauer down bomber and it\u2019s warm as hell and comfy as hell if money is no object, i'd go with kanuk. if you are into shopping second hand, you might find some used kanuk jackets on poshmark. they've been making jackets in canada since the 70s. the new styles are very on trend, but some of the vintage styles are pretty cool.. if you want to go the bifl route, i would recommend not getting a puffer jacket. there are better made ones than others, but aren't real likely to be bifl. rei stormhenge is good; north face gotham / mcmurdo are great too. arcteryx. get a puffer and a shell. amazing quality, and very good return/repair/replacement policy. wax barbour jackets last forever. barbour also provide an alteration, repair and waxing service so you can literally keep them for as long as you wish. a filson mackinaw. mine can handle any winter with maybe a long sleeve shirt/light hoodie underneath. all the men in my family have used theirs while i grew up and got me one when i got older. all of their jackets are going strong and mine is going to outlast all my other clothes combined.heads up, if your a woman just get a smaller guys size. it\u2019s not fitted, just warm and durable as heck. big fan of eddie bauer coats. i\u2019ve had one of their parkas going on 12 years and still looks great. pricing is usually more than reasonable with their frequent sales. for this kind of thing i'm partial to ski jackets.  i have a helly hansen jacket that i love.  the outer material is tough and weatherproof, but between breathability and closeable vents i'm generally good with just a tshirt under it in the northeast.  before that i had a spyder jacket that held up well to a bunch of skiing through the woods and eventually became my outdoor work jacket that gets grubby (sometimes you end up having to do an oil change in the driveway in early february).  it doesn't look good currently, but again that's because i've gotten it filthy. if you're a layering person, an atom lt and a decent hardshell (mamut, marmot, arc'teryx, fjallraven, etc)...i use an atom and a grade6 thats the '07 patagonia mountaineering shell. alot of the climbing/backpacking brands have reduced quality over the years, patagonia and mountain hardwear are two that i no longer use, theyve noticably went downhill since '08/09...seam seals delaminate quicker, sown seams aren't the same or use thinner thread etc.fjallraven makes very good winter jackets too, and i believe they do free tailoring and will repair any damage...i know they do with the few pairs of pants i have from them.if you need something cheap that's relatively bomb proof and isn't for active stuff... carhartt isnt a bad choice. i\u2019ve had a fjallraven down jacket for close to 10 years. waxing it at the start of every winter increases durability. i\u2019m getting some tear out at the seams in the armpit but totally reparable. the material is a poly cotton blend called g1000. basically an old school tent fabric now used to make jackets. it\u2019s durable. i assume the zipper will be the first thing to go. thrift store charlotte hornets starter jacket, obviously. https://www.wintergreennorthernwear.com/wintergreen northern wear. hand crafted in ely, mn. used by mushers in the iditarod. there are a number of good brands, and i know this isn't the question, but i'd say the style of coat makes as big a difference in warmth as brand might. a longer coat, thigh or ankle length, will keep you way warmer than a waist length one. i have an ankle length down coat with a hood that is not any special brand, but it's absolutely the warmest thing i own--i can go on walks comfortably even on -20ish days. i've worn columbia for years.  the coat i'm wearing now is over 10-years old.  it's been washed a lot.  still looks great.  if i was to purchase a new one today, i'd strongly consider the aerial ascender omni-heat infinity interchange insulated jacket. patagonia is ethically sustainably sourced if that's something you care about. columbia with omniheat liner. carhart most of the winter jackets from duluth trading co. are awesome and super warm. that\u2019s the most popular brand i see in the north woods for snowmobilers and ice fishers where it tends to see negative temps for weeks on end. if you are going high end, canada goose is about as good as it gets. the store at moa has a -30f room that allows you to test the quality. i have an old e. german boarder patrol coat. it is 8lb, wool, full-length, and i have had it for 8 years. kept my scrawny ass warm during my college years walking up and down congress st. in portland. say what you want about the commies but they took their winter apparel seriously.  the usap(united states antartctic program) issues out these canada goose jackets. http://www.canada-goose.com/expedition-parka-4565m.html#start=1they hold up well, are stupid warm, and have more pocket space than you'd know what to do with. they give them to us in bright red(we call them 'big reds')it's so warm, i've only worn it maybe twice since i got down here.  i ahve a canada goose jacket (knee length). i am not someone who spends money on clothes. i would reather go to vv to buy a jacket than a store. my mil bought it for me and it withstood the entire winter last year (making it the first bareable canadian winter i have experienced). so well made, lots of pockets, i dont even need a hat because of the warmth of the hood. it has a snow skirt underneath just in case. i would recommend this jacket for anyone who hates the winter, because honestly, this jacket makes me excited for the first frostbite warnings.  canada goose.  i've got a north face vostok.i travel to the arctic for work often (i'm literally on hold to book a flight to arviat right now) so it's either tnf of canada goose.i've had the jacket for ~7 years now and it was worth every penny i spent on it and would have been worth it at twice the cost. i live in winnipeg, yesterday is was -42 with the wind. i am fine with a tshirt under my jacket. i only pull the thing out when it's -20 or colder.  woolrich artic parka.  way ahead of anything else i have ever owned.   so, i've never been a huge fan of brands like columbia or patagonia but i received a patagonia ultralight down hoody last year as a gift and it is simply unbelievable in terms of weight to heat ratio. is it the warmest possibly jacket? no, but relative to it's weight, it's the warmest thing i've ever owned for being so incredibly light. over the remainder of the boston winter i found no need to wear anything else except this and a moderate base layer (usually a thermal long sleeve or simple sweater). their warranty is apparently pretty stellar in that i hear you can just walk into a store and they will 99% of the time swap something out without regard to manufacture defect or wear/tear. haven't need to put that to the test yet. edit: only suggesting due to supposedly great warranty, these are obviously not designed for dirty work or significant outdoor abuse. but if you are a city dweller, this thing rocks.  carhartt, specifically their duck lined jackets. it is by far the warmest and toughest coat i have ever owned. i love down filled coats, but hate the fragile exteriors that they contain. they rip too easily.   edit: i bought this one: [carhartt duck lined coat] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b004owqoog/ref=mp_s_a_1_10?qid=1420048622&sr=8-10&pi=ac_sx110_sy165_ql70) patagonia, the north face, mountain hardwear, arcteryx, or montbel all have high quality down jackets and warranties to stand behind them.  patagonia in particular loves to repair their gear so for the cost of shipping and a few bucks they will wash it and repair any broken seams/zippers.also like to add you can hit up gear exchange stores that do consignment or such and get some great deals.  got a north face down jacket for 55$ for my girlfriend for christmas and she loves it.  she is small and always cold and now she hardly takes the thing off.  it was the 800 fill summit series jacket by the way. i live in colorado and we just hit -16 degrees last night. i ski regularly and have lots ski jackets and layers and all that kind of stuff. i'm 5 ft tall and on the small side. and my favorite,  warmest, most comfortable coats are my shearlings. i bought mine at thrift stores. i have one that is over 20 years old (i bought it 20 yrs ago at goodwill)  it still looks great,  keeps me very comfortable and i still get compliments on it. the real ones are worth every penny. the fakes do not keep you warm and fall apart after 3-4 years of wearing.  out of those i\u2019d get the marmot, but i\u2019d generally recommend something with more coverage, like a north face mcmurdo. i have a patagonia down coat and it's held up for 3 years now. burton (especially their ak line) makes great coats and jackets, and they  have good warranties on their products. coats can get pricey but for bifl quality you have to spend a bit more.where are you located, what are your winter activities? i live in vermont and i cannot recommend down enough. i layer with a burton inner down jacket under my winter coat. depending on where you live and what you do outside, you may need multiple jackets to fit your needs. without a doubt my best frugal advice is buy a damaged patagonia jacket off ebay or similar. largely it\u2019s doesn\u2019t matter how damaged it is. most people don\u2019t know patties come with a lifetime repair or replace policy.or simply don\u2019t care. patagonia are a joy to deal with when it comes to repairs. no questions asked if you don\u2019t take the piss. i am always honest and they\u2019ve never declined a repair. they just want to keep them in circulation. they send you a label, you send it off to comes back good as new, in some cases slightly better then new. i\u2019m a big fan of columbia gear. their prices are reasonable and their return/repair program is absolutely stellar. marmot is surprisingly warm. mine was $100 on sale (clarehall jacket) and it\u2019s much warmer than my canada goose jacket. i heard some complaints on the zipper but it was fine when i got it.after a while, jackets will lose their stuffing and need repairs. the best you can do is store it well so it stays fluffy.i also recommend the north face for their warranty but it might only be great in canada and us. i have a discontinued cryos jacket (~$600) from them and it\u2019s heavy duty.finnish friend recommended looking at [joutsen](https://joutsen.fi/collections/most-popular-down-coats) but is out of your range. or the sale rack at [stadium](https://www.stadium.fi/). good luck! i\u2019d almost always go with a sheepskin coat. long or at least longer. to cover at least most of your thighs. the sheepskin shave/cut should be according to your thermal taste. duck/goose down would be my second choice, but i\u2019m just not a fan of synthetic fabrics, if i can avoid them. a sheepskin coat will also make you look dapper, if it has a good cut, since it\u2019s much thinner than a down jacket, in which it\u2019s basically impossible to look good. a well kept sheepskin will last you for a very long time, too. the only challenge is finding one with a style that suits your body type, and is practical, along with having the right shave for the temperature. so look out for: how the collar is shaped (will it protect your neck well when coupled with a scarf), does it have a good length (don\u2019t be a dummy and buy a short one, protect your lower back and thighs), does the front overlap well (poor overlap will let in cold air), and can you fit a woolen sweater underneath it while remaining dapper looking. how cold do you need to go? carhartt force [https://www.wiggys.com](https://www.wiggys.com) ugly as sin, but \\*extremely\\* durable and very very well reviewed by people that use the hell out of their equipment. unless you're exceptionally hard on your gear i imagine you'll get many years out of all those options. clothing is hard because not only is there a functional and durability element but style also comes into play. marks work warehouse has reasonable brand coats. i've purchased all my winter coats from them. good luck! uniqlo, mountain warehouse, eddie bauer!!! do not buy anything really cheap which will force you to buy another one soon. anything that's an established outdoor clothing store is general a safe bet - patagonia, north face, columbia, arcteryx, etc. you can get cheaper options like woods through atmosphere. mec has decent in-house items too.keep in mind that you don't want the warmest jacket. it's better to get something midweight that you can wear by itself at 0 degrees and layer sweaters underneath at -10 degrees. for your budget go for columbia jacket and make sure it has 2 layers. outer layer is usually a thin layer which is waterproof and the inner layer/shell is thicker one which keeps you warm and can be used separately during fall season. they have something called omnitech or heatshiled technology i forgot the name. i bought columbia as my first jacket and used it for 4 winters and later donated it. north face are usually better than columbia but they are expensive and you won't get 2 layer jackets in 100-200 range. look for boxing day sales if available if not check the clearance aisle in winners or sport check stores. a lot depends what you are planning on doing this winter.  from  a lifetime of living in toronto,  with a lot of outdoor work and play outside of toronto would say the following: 1.  look for waterproof.  it's very damp and once you get wet it's hard to get warm again2. boots are very important.  toronto snow turns to slush very quickly.  plus there is a lot of salt on the roads that's going to get everywhere.   3. don't try to look cool on cold days.  wear a hat and gloves.  the wind will blow right through you.  4. if you are going to do physical activity like skiing, or skating or even hiking or tobogganing wear layers, and stay away from cotton.  if you sweat and you wear cotton it will get wet and then get cold.  in winter weather,  natural fibres like wool, or polyester blends like fleece, or techincal fabrics are what you want to wear.  i'm a big fan of mec for outdoor gear - they have some lower priced items but their staff is quite knowledgable and can help outfit you for any activity.   if you don't plan on doing anything but staying inside as much as you can, then look for a light puffer coat - if you are in and out of malls or restaurants, like walking through the path for example, you want something warm but light you can take off and carry easily.   but they rip very easily, like you can snag it on a tree branch. north face is very high quality and reasonably priced. honestly just go to winners. you will get good jackets for 80$ are you a woman or a man?if you\u2019re a woman, then aritzia super puff. they\u2019re incredible. they also make men\u2019s ones too. uniqlo's parka is perfect for toronto winters i find. should cost you $200 after tax. i've had it for over two years now and it's still in great condition, stylish and warm. if you know someone with a costco member ship i just bought an awesome coat for $60.  super warm. i have an eddie bauer coat, it\u2019s warm up to -40 and it\u2019s super warm. they always  have discounts about 30%-%40 so i\u2019m guessing that\u2019s the actual price lol. but sometimes it goes up to 50% so you can buy a very nice and warm cost for around $200-$300 i\u2019ve had good luck with helle hanson. really though, it\u2019s less about the name and more about how it\u2019s made. you want a good hood, you want extra flaps that can cover your chin and mouth, you want elastic at the cuffs. fleece lined pockets are good. anything with a detachable liner is really useful, as you can wear the outer shell on warmer days with sleet or snow. a good coat should have some heft to it. bought a fjallraven jacket last year and i'm very happy with it. when it comes to winter brands, i always go with whatever scandinavians are wearing i really like kanuk jackets. made in canada too. columbia winter jackets are my go-to because of its 3-in-1 functionality. price is pretty decent; can range from $150 - $600. remember that no matter how good the jacket is, make sure to wear layers. i have a pajar coat i got at saks off fifth and it's great, very warm. i can't believe the north face isn't mentioned here. they literally climb everest with the brand. end of thread. orage ski jackets.  3 to 500 bucks wl last 10y+ and keep you warm (and cool if needed).also consider skipants.  its cool to be warm  no one is judging you. north face, the long one, not the bomber https://www.cbc.ca/life/style/the-best-parkas-for-every-degree-of-cold-this-polar-coaster-winter-1.5372656 midwesterner here. it depends on the severity of the weather.40's & mild = levi's corduroy sherpa30's w/ precip = ll bean 2 in 1 zipout fleece jacket, fleece replaced with down sweater20's & worse = alpha industries n3b parkacostco sold a down shirt jacket that can get layered underneath virtually any jacket.if there's ever any precipitation, then the cole haan air vail boots come out. schott navy peacoat. https://www.schottnyc.com/products/navy-peacoat.htm?color=14&gclid=eaiaiqobchmiocvu3omz3wivhgjpch3kzaeieaqyasabegi1cpd_bwestupid warm, looks just as good with dress clothes as with jeans, and it will last forever if you take care of it. not to mention that it's available in your actual size, not just s m l xl. my fall coat with more layers of clothing underneath lol [my wwii n-1 deck jacket](https://i.imgur.com/x8lehea.jpg) alpaca-lined and pretty damn wind-resistant. only thing is you can\u2019t really layer thick sweaters or even a light jacket underneath as the lining is so damn dense, but it keeps me plenty warm. this [fjallraven parka](https://i.imgur.com/iapfguh.jpg) i got last year is like wearing the sun.literally can't wear it above 25f but when it's 5f it's *really* nice. 2014 nike acg 2-in-1 (acronym collab).  all black (minimal 3m).  worth every penny. [this shit right here](https://www.macys.com/shop/product/calvin-klein-mens-ripstop-full-zip-jacket-with-fleece-bib?id=6542157&pla_country=us&cagpspn=pla&cawelaid=120156340027748283&caagid=55853060783&catci=pla-564075249814&cm_mmc=google_mens_pla-_-crealytics-camato-menswear-designer-gs_calvin_klein_-_mens_%26_jackets-_-282257506447-_-pg1050976572_m_kclickid_251bc9ca-582d-4186-ad4b-513523add630_kid_empty_1474029314_55853060783_282257506447_pla-564075249814_192351809743usa__m_kid_&trackingid=403x1050976572&lsft=cm_mmc:google_mens_pla-_-crealytics-camato-menswear-designer-gs_calvin%20klein%20-%20mens%20%26%20jackets-_-282257506447-_-pg1050976572_m_kclickid_251bc9ca-582d-4186-ad4b-513523add630_kid_413_1474029314_55853060783_282257506447_pla-564075249814_192351809743usa_%7bfeetitemid%7d_m_kid_,trackingid:403x1050976572&gclid=cj0kcqia3b3gbrdaarisal6d-n81v4ufgayl8rpaxosi56liokxwuqfo-bu0m1kbynvrm-wikag9_pgaalwmealw_wcb). it's waterproof, really comfy, works in all kinds of weather and it's got this storm collar that keeps your neck warm if you need it. honestly, it's seen more wear time this year than all of my other jackets combined. how cold we talking?-5c or warmer? fall jacket with layers (usually denim).-15c to - 5? light down layer and a waterproof shell, with layers under.-15c or colder? canada goose parka.  filson double mac for casual and a sanyo down peacoat for not. your options will open up drastically if you'd be willing to consider wearing a fleece under the jacket. a fleece can make a huge difference. not many jackets will keep you toasty with just a t-shirt underneath. the key is layering. just wear a cashmere sweater/fleece and a goose down and you\u2019ll be fine. i was just in nyc with an rei goose down and a sweater from jcrew and was fine the entire time. [outdoorgearlab.com](https://www.outdoorgearlab.com/topics/clothing-mens/best-winter-jacket) is a solid start.  you\u2019ve listed a lot of the coats they highlight. as someone who was in your shoes a few years back (like 6) i went for a mid sized or puffy for a few hundred dollars.  wish i would have just pulled the trigger on a nicer coat. this is a once a decade type purchase if you get it right. i\u2019d probably go for either of the patagonia listings if i was buying today. can i get some info about the req for the only t-shirt?  that's going to add some difficulty when layering is a proven methodology. that said, what you need is something to cut the wind and hold that heat inside. is there any coat to go over your peacoat? fjallraven greenland no. 1 down jacket. i like a parka with a fur trimmed hood and long enough to go down below your butt. keeps you warmer and the trim offers better protection for your face and neck from rain and wind. i have a north face one, but there are many options around. i wear mine with a flannel shirt or maybe a shirt and a fleece or woolen jumper if i\u2019m doing something particularly cold (eg, outdoors at night for >30 minutes, like walking around at the botanical garden light show). check out the guide in r/puffersandparkas should help a bit north face mcmurdo, rei stonehenge, patagonia tres in 1 (on sale), marmot guidesdown. my favorite jacket is around $250, and with a fleece under layer is an absolute beast.  made it through an entire icelandic winter, and has handled the -19\u00b0f cold front out in denver like an absolute beast.  [here it is](https://www.llbean.com/llb/shop/124872?productid=1790932&attrvalue_0=carbon%20navy&sku=1000063412&pla1=0&qs=3155268&gclid=eaiaiqobchmiz_rtujqw_aiviilmch103wq8eaqyasabegl4-pd_bwe&gclsrc=aw.ds).  got mine for $250 with some discount code i found a long time ago.  had it for 2 years now and hardly has sounds of wear.  very warm. get a sporty jacket water repellent that covers your butt from a sports store like rei or paragon. go to thrift if you are broke. it sucks that century 21 closed. you are getting some interesting answers. from a bifl perspective, patagonia, arcteryx, rab, fjallraven, outdoor research and helly hansen are all going to have lifetime warranties so keep that in mind. those brands probably have 5-20 different models of jackets to choose from. they are going to be more \u201ctechnical\u201d outdoor gear. imo that makes sense for the uk rain. if you are looking for something more stylish and formal/dressy, schott pea coats or really any army issued wool coat would be a solid option. i\u2019d also throw out alpha industries into the mix. also a manufacturer of military issued coats (like schott). you\u2019d probably need to look on ebay or go to an army surplus store to ensure that they are within your budget. these wouldn\u2019t necessarily be waterproof but they will be warm for sure. i personally like a goretex shell and layering underneath it. i think you could buy a really nice shell jacket for $150ish and spend another $150 on a quality puffer jacket. i live in colorado and it gets cold but probably comparable temps to the uk. i like the patagonia nanopuff hoodie and rock an arcteryx shell in nasty weather or skiing in cold temps. i\u2019ve had excellent luck with putting them both through the wringer and had the patagonia nanopuff replaced via patagonias incredible warranty. the zipper busted. the arcteryx shell is fantastic as a raincoat and the nanopuff is super versatile, mildly water resistant and works in a variety of temps (0-40*) for me. good luck and hope you find the cost of your dreams i usually wear a peacoat with layers. bridge coats are a little longer and also a good choice for windy spots where ya want some more leg cover. wool stays warm even when it's wet. also they are stylish in a timeless way so imo is bifl. filson mackinaw has kept me warm and dry summit  icedeny nothing lands end down coat; bought on sale have had for 21 years.  had a seamstress replace the plastic zipper with a metal one after it broke \\~5 years in. no problems since.   it gets a lot colder than -5 here! (-10 c yesterday, and that's not particularly cold compared to what's coming in jan/feb). recommend a longer length coat if you get cold easily. not going to help much but...years ago i found a russian made russian parka, felted wool, and fully stuffed. fur lined hood also. paid $25 at a gas station for it in northern wisconsin (usa). 20 some odd years later, the only thing that broke is the bungee that cinches the waist (not needed anyway, imho). i should have bought the whole rack and gave them as gifts. only ever need to zip it up if it's windy and less than 0 degrees out.hands down, best coat i've ever foundedit: just went and looked, made by a company called yeezo(?). fjallraven greenland no. 1 down jacket. eddie bauer empower first ascent 750 fill down with cordua fabric keeps me warm in -40 and still looks brand new being 12 years old at this point i have a helly hansen parka, i think i paid $400 cad for it. overkill for you, but it\u2019s warm to -40c, and has stood up to lots of shovelling and snowshoeing. i have a great canvas coat from wyoming traders that\u2019s absolutely fantastic. i love it because it\u2019s lines with flannel, and if you throw a hoodie under it you have a great hood for colder winds. definitely good for both work and casual wear. good morning everyone happy friday it's friday end of the week so i hope you have plans to come shop at marla jones so i wanted to let you know i hope you can come shop with us saturday i'm going to be celebrating valentine's so we'll be having some special valentine treats and drinks and maybe some special sales so try to come in and shop with us all day saturday we're just gonna have some fun celebrating valentine's day on saturday so remember i've got great gifts we've got gift certificates and i will gift wrap for you for free so today i am going to show you some of our jackets that we have here at marla dunes um you know blazers are really in this year so of course the one i'm wearing is a new joseph blazer we do have some more colors styles we've got um we've got a couple in just plain black of course this one is one of my favorites because it's black and white um so um i'm just going to show you some jackets that we have so i do carry samuel dong and these are water resistant and we call it a bubble coat dress so a lot of ladies will wear this more as a dress it is so cute all fitted done up with little tights and a booty or you can wear it open almost like a little trench coat so it comes in lots of colors and a few prints i can special order for you it comes extra small to double xl i do try to keep extra small to an xl in stock so you know what size so this is just one of our newer prints it's so beautiful and then we do have i just going to show you another print that we have in the store and this one is in the navy in white um so the little bubble coat dress is always a favorite and then this is just another style now i only have one but it is really cute if you can see the little detail at the bottom with the floral um so this we do just have one um so i don't know if this is available for reorder or not it might not be available anymore so you know my line the shortest horror story ever is sold out so don't wait so if you get a chance come in and try it on don't hesitate to call text message me and i can let you know sizes i can send you close up pictures this is another little zip up you can wear it open as a little jacket or you could wear it as a little coat dress so really cute actually is a little coat dress and then this is one of our newer ones that i know we can special order in a couple more colors also this is a beautiful a little trench coat in this you can see the texture on the fabric um so super cute on we do have a medium in the store which fits like a six eight um it is available to order um i know in the black there's a pretty blue and there's a pretty chilly red color and then i do have a couple of this really great elsa jacobson quilted jacket um i have a 38 and a 46 so a 46 is like a double xl and the 38 is probably going to fit more like that size 10-12 so those are a couple that we do have in stock in black thank you and then i only have one of this great little um errata it's a small which is going to fit probably that six eight um so it's a real pretty light mint green um so this is a really pretty little coat that we have in the store right now and then i do have a few sizes of this little uh testimony in the black which is going to make a really great little spring jacket so um come in check out what sizes i have um that's in the black and then i wanted to let you know we do have this uh clara senwoo in the liquid leather in the in the blazer style so a blazer always looks good you can dress it up or it's adorable with jeans and then this is another one of the joseph ribcoff blazers so this moonstone is definitely a hot for spring this is a size 16 that i have in the store right now but this is available to order 2 to 22 and it also comes in a pretty foliage green that we will be getting a few in real soon so that this blazer is the same style as the one i'm wearing and then i have a medium in this really great little spanx it's got the faux leather sleeve you can wear it like this or you can just wear it open as a little cardi it's a ponte knit and the faux leather and we have just a medium and then i have a size 10 in this really great little black it's a joseph rib cough and it just ties at the front so um this is a cute kind of longer blazer style with the tie size 10. so that's just a few of the blazer coats that we have here at marla dunes i just want to kind of give you a taste of some of the coats that we have here this time of year we need a little layer of a lightweight coat so i hope you have plans to come shop with us this weekend i'm here today tomorrow uh we'll be celebrating valentine's day on saturday so i will see you right here and happy valentine's oh [music]  [music] foreign [music] [music] [applause] [music] thank you foreign [music]  hey guys today i thought i'd share with you some of my favorite winter coats and jackets to wear to keep you nice and warm all throughout the winter season so i think these are some of the best winter coats for 2023 so if you want to see some really nice and budget-friendly coats for winter then just keep watching so first i want to start off a little bit casual with some pepper jackets so this is from time and true i love these puffer jackets this is in the white color and i actually picked it up last year but i also picked one of this year in this champagne color i think that's what it's called or maybe it's called mocha something like that but these are really good i like these but my favorite is actually the white one that i picked up last year and i just wear it all the time it has a great zipper detachable hoodie so if you don't want to wear the hoodie you don't have to but it's a really nice substantial hoodie if you do want to have it on but this is one of those puffer style jackets that's just really affordable and you don't have to worry about adding weight because it's not real bulky or anything it's budget friendly for sure because it comes from walmart it has really nice fleece lined pockets also to keep your hands warm and it's also packable so you can see on the inside this shows you how to pack it within itself i love to carry these with me when i'm traveling to colder climates and then also i've been wearing these a lot lately because it's gotten abnormally cold for tennessee lately so this is a really good one and it's budget friendly these do run true to size because i put these up in a medium but you can put these up from walmart and they come in a ton of colors they bring them back every single year they're under 30 dollars so they are a great budget friendly price the next one i want to show you is another puffer style jacket but it's definitely a lot thinner and smaller than the time and true that i showed you it is a little bit pricier than the time and true ones but this one is so nice it's lightweight but it really keeps you nice and warm and i like this seaming detail that's on this one you guys have seen this one if you watch any of my try ons i love this jacket so much i've had this since the nordstrom anniversary sale this is bernardo this is a great brands i pick up a bernardo jacket just about every year i have this really beautiful pink one that has rose gold hardware on it that's absolutely stunning but they don't have it anymore so i didn't feel like it would be fair to show that one to you but this one is so good in this color and i also have it in black as well runs true to size i ordered a medium i take this along on trips with me as well because it is so nice and packable and lightweight this is a good one it keeps you nice and warm but it doesn't give you that bulk and this bernardo is such a great brand so the next jacket that i'm going to show you is still considered like a puffer jacket it's very warm so it is great for those really cold temperatures it's this one from columbia it's probably going to be your most expensive one that i'm probably going to show you today it is so nice and warm i took this on my alaska cruise with me and it kept me warm the entire time now i was under the impression that this was waterproof but then i was told from someone else that it is not waterproof but it is nice because it has this detail in inside see this reflective detail this is the omni heat reflective material so this keeps all of your body heat inside so that is why this is so nice because you can see how slim fitting this is and look at the back the slimming detail in the back so nice and it's so warm though so you don't have to add that big bulky jacket to get that warmth you get it in this omni heat technology that it has in here so i think this is around 100 so it is a pricier jacket but if you have a lot of cold temperatures this is definitely worth the investments from columbus so it's a great quality made jacket but it's worth the investment if you need to stay warm a lot if you have really cold temperatures it also has this really nice almost like a faux fur feel lining to the hoodie but this one's a good one i loved it in this blue color but this comes in a lot of colors a basic black as well and it also comes in longer links so i like this length but they do have some of these with this omni heat technology and longer lengths as well i just think this is a really good one for the extremely cold temperatures next up i'm going to show you a really nice ski jacket or just a really good snow jacket i'm not going to even attempt to tell you the name of this brand it's this one right here i don't even know how to pronounce this but this one is really good you can get this off at amazon and it comes in a ton of colors and it goes in and off of sale a lot it has a lot of pockets you have this pocket on the arm and then you have this pocket right here and then you have your side pockets as well on the inside it is really nice with this fur faux fur lining and then also has a pocket right here as you can see this pocket is in here as well you can have some keys or something like that in there but this is nice and warm on the inside it is waterproof it is actually breathable too it keeps you really nice and warm so it has a good amount of warmth to it it also has this adjustable cuff at the bottom of the sleeve so you can keep any wind out you also have a detachable hoodie as well so this will zip off if you want to detach the hoodie that has drawstrings on it and then it has this reflective almost like a baseball cap visor like on here as well this is really nice i wanted to get it in the black though just for a classic look but this is good and runs true to size and it's affordable but this is great if you want to go out in the snow and be waterproof and be very nice and warm then this is definitely a good one that runs true to size as well so next up i'm going to show you a really nice pork this one comes off amazon as well it is from the brand grace karen it has these really nice ribbed knitted cuffs right here to again keep any of the winds and the cold out and it's also more comfortable around your wrist and it has this really nice thick parka style material it has front cargo pockets a drawstring so you can see in the back that this draws right here at the waist so you can make this more fitted in the back it does have this really nice fur trim but this is also detachable so your hoodie is detachable if you don't want to wear this but it has nice drawstrings on it to cinch it and the inside of this is lined in like a faux fur and so is the entire jacket except for the sleeves the sleeves are not lined in this faux fur but the whole like body area is this comes in lots of colors but i did like it in this red color but this is super warm now this is a little bit of a heavier jacket so this is a pretty substantial but it's really nice and warm so if you're looking for a longer style parka coat this is a good one to try and you can wear bulky items underneath this also and still have room in the arms if i have something really big and bulky then it sometimes is tight in the sleeves but that's not really the case with these and it's just really super cozy and these do run true to size because i do have this in a medium so this is a really nice dressy nylon quilted parka style coat as well this is from the brand gallery i do think i got this either from nordstrom or nordstrom rack but this is nice it was a great price and it has these side pockets it also has this detail on the side that has this horizontal quilting and then you have a different quilting in the back so the seams really make this more fitted looking and it's so flattering the way the seaming is on this in the quilting detail it also has a really cute quilting right here the hoodie is detachable you can button it off it also has draw strings to cinch it up but this is just a really nice jacket i would say this is more of your medium weight jacket but very stylish and i love it in this white color and this does run true to size because i did pick this up in a medium as well but this is so good i don't know that this comes in any other colors and it's a nice medium weight that you can wear with dresses or you can wear it casually with jeans too i want to show you another coat from gallery that is really a great coat now this one may be a little bit pricey too i did pick this one up from nordstrom this is heavy so this is a great heavyweight lady coat if you will i think that's what they call them these are so nice to wear with the dresses and this one's beautiful so you can see the detail that's in this one it's absolutely beautiful it's got taupes and beiges in it it does have pockets and really great button detail they're so nice and quality and then also it has this little bit of seaming in the back that is very flattering so you can see how those seams go in and kind of draw the waist in and draw the eye in to make you appear slimmer and then it has this little detail here in the back great length to wear with your dresses it's just so nice classic looking so this can be one that you will keep in your closet for years so even though it's a pricier item you can use this year after year and it's going to be so nice to wear to work with your dress is it's just such a good one even though it has this light lining in here it's a really good warm coat to wear for those colder temperatures and it does run true to size so now let's talk about some wool pea coats some different varying lengths and some different brands different price points so i do like this shorter peacoat style this gray is a classic i love that it has these double buttons and it does have that funnel neck so you can keep your neck warm this is from thread and supply it's a really good brand but it's reasonably priced and i did pick this up in a medium so this does run true to size so i love it in the neutral gray i think it comes in two other colors it does have these side pockets and then it also has the buttons very very pretty in the back you can see the seaming detail that's really nice and flattering as well so it's your classic pea coat i just really do like this one i think it is a medium weight so if you have a little bit of your milder climates then this one would be a good one for that i just think it's very classy looking in this gray color and just one that again and you can wear year after year it's not one that is going to be trendy and you can't wear it next year this is one that you can wear for a long time to come and then here's a longer style peacoat if these are still available i hope they are i picked one up last year so they do come with these every single year at walmart they're from the time of true brand they're very similar last year i picked up a really beautiful purple color this year i wanted to pick up this red color it's almost like a burgundy color so it's really great to wear with your dresses and your dress pants and this is very budget friendly so if you're looking for a longer style wool peacoat but that gallery one that i showed you is not in your budget this one is definitely going to be in your budget it's from walmart so it's very budget friendly so this is a really good wool pea coat and that longer length and looks great casual or dressed up and i do pick these up in a medium so these do run true to size as well and then the last one i want to show you is one that is so beautiful it's got a fit and flare detail to it so it's not for everyone but it's this one from kate cason it's in this beautiful red but this comes in beige and black as well i love the button detail this black against the red is so beautiful it's lined really nicely but it has a little bit of a fit and flare detail so that's really cute to wear with your dresses and it's just so nice i love a fit and flare dress so this fit and flare was just right up my alley i thought this was so nice and it does have a belt so if you do want to belt it then you can do that as well and then you can look at the back it has that great stitching and then you can kind of see the little pleating that gives it that kind of fit and flare look so beautiful with dresses and i love this bright red color and it's available on amazon so it's super accessible to get just so nice in this one and i would say this is a heavier weight so this will definitely be good for your colder climates it's just a really nice beautiful pea coat that is so dressy all right guys that's going to be it for the best winter coats for 2023. this is my opinion of some really great winter coats that i have now i do have milder temperatures here in tennessee but i do travel to places that do have some colder climates so i was trying to get a little bit for everybody even if you do have those milder climates some of these are good for you then also if you have those really harsh climates then there's a few of these that'll be really good that columbia jacket is really good for the very harsh winters and that ski jacket surprisingly is very warm as well so i do hope you enjoyed this video if you did please give it a thumbs up i would also love to have you consider hitting that subscribe button i do weekly videos on fashion beauty and lifestyle i hope to see you in my next video until then i hope you have a wonderful day  from peacults and wool jackets to puffers and parkas there are many different winter styles made for braving the elements while staying warm is the priority the best winter jackets will also protect you from wind snow rain and other harsh weather conditions we tested a range of winter jackets to find out the best ones on the market we evaluated each piece of outwear based on design comfort and warmth after wearing the jackets while hiking attending sporting events and going on brisk morning dog walks we've listed the top six winter jackets and their key features plus the things you need to consider to help you choose the best one for you links to all products mentioned in the video are in the description below you could also find a more detailed analysis and a comparison tool on our website validconsumer.com foreign [music] number six tommy hilfiger men's hooded puffer jacket the tummy hilfiger puffer is a stylish relatively warm and super comfortable winter jacket at an unbeatable price in an affordable package you get enough warmth for most winter days good looks comfortable materials and decent durability it can't compete with the performance of most other more expensive winter jackets on the market but this one gets the job done for users on the tightest budgets the shell fabric isn't waterproof which is a relatively big deal winter weather is often accompanied by rain and snow and this jacket won't last long in these conditions but for chilly fall and spring days or mild winter days this jacket is all you'll need we also wish there were better pockets still we can complain given the price point we've paid more for a pair of our favorite sunglasses than for this stylish jacket number five caterpillar heavy insulated parka let's say you don't care about fancy high fill power down or the latest and greatest synthetic insulation and let's say that you just want a warm winter parka that will get the job done for as cheap as possible if this sounds like you give the caterpillars heavy insulated parka a serious look it books the performance and even casual trend with a work-like build outdoor work in the winter is what many people use it for but it's great value for what you get at around 120 dollars and often found on amazon for less how is the jacket so inexpensive the insulation and shell of the caterpillar insulated parka are straight polyester no lightweight insulation or modern waterproof fabrics here the jacket is water resistant and given that you're not protecting precious down fibers from outside moisture it does a respectable job of staying warm when wet in addition you get ample storage with four large front pockets and one on the sleeve is this jacket for climbing mountains no way but it's great for shoveling your walkway everyday outdoor use and work in cold climates number four marmos fordham jackass with an attractive price tag and supreme comfort it's easy to fall in love with marmot's fordham jacket 325 dollars thanks to its high quality 700 fill down insulation the fordham offers more than an appealing look and feel it's also super warm first impressions of jackets are telling especially when it comes to comfort donning the fordham for the first time feels like hugging a friendly down feathered grizzly bear when it's cold out you simply won't want to remove this jacket instead of the thigh length cut of many other down jackets on this list the fordham features a standard waist length fit of course there are pros and cons to both styles but we like that this jacket allows for leg mobility while sitting walking in big strides or riding a cruiser in cold temps longer jackets are generally the better choice for everyday use in extremely cold temps yet we found the fordham holds its own against almost any other jacket when it comes to maintaining a comfortable core temperature here the fordham really shines in cold and dry conditions though it does have some taped seams it will soak through quickly in a heavy downpour of rain or sleet for brief spurts of storm exposure between the car and the house the fordham will keep you dry for anything worse we recommend a more waterproof option other key attributes of the fordham include fleece inner sleeve cuffs hand warmer pockets and a snug removable hood though it isn't the most feature packed option on the list it's simple frill free design offers everything you need in a reliable jacket number three canada goose expedition parka the canada goose expedition parker is pricey but it will last much longer and keep you much warmer than most other winter jackets if you're looking for warmth in the most frigid of places canada goose does manufacture parkers one step warmer for temperatures down to -22 degrees fahrenheit that were initially developed and still used by researchers in antarctica at 625 high quality fill power of white dock down without skimping on filled quantity this canada goose jacket is extremely warm and it has features such as a removable coyote fur rough on the hood fleece lining on the chin guard and mid thai cut and hidden ribness sleeve cuffs that make sure chill can't creep in if you're looking for something warm but not antarctic the canada goose carson down parker is another excellent winter jacket number two colombia horizons pine interchange jacket an interchangeable jacket is that won't break the bank this model from colombia utilizes a combination of heat reflective and air permeable waterproof technology to dissipate moisture while keeping the heat in and the cold out as it gets warmer you can settle on just the shell or if it's still quite cold but the snow has stopped you can comfortably get away with the inner layer alone number one the north face mcmurdo parka the north face mcmurdo winter jacket will help you brave the elements during quick trips to the supermarket are longer excursions outdoors it has a two layer drive and waterproof shell 600 fill power goose down and weighs a little over three pounds the hood has an emergency gator to prevent any snow from sneaking in plus the faux fur trim is removable so you can even customize your coat a bit while north face doesn't have a women's winter jacket that's the exact same model the north face arctic parka 2 shares many of the features of the men's winter jacket including fill power and dry vent technology final thoughts on the best winter jackets the best winter coats and jackets are wardrobe essentials for anyone who will experience cold weather the best winter jacket for you will suit the climate you're in and won't prohibit you from participating in your favorite outdoor activities water and wind resistance are certainly must-have features and we recommend never saying no to a removal hood choose a casual course for everyday wear and a performance course for more demanding activities like trail running or select a combination for a great winter jacket that will keep you cozy during the winter seasons to come so that wraps up our list of the best winter jackets i hope you found this video helpful and if so please leave a thumbs up as always i appreciate that let us know in the comments down below which winter jacket you're going to choose thanks for watching and that's all for this video if you like this video and it helped you in any way please give this video a like and if you don't want to miss out on any future videos subscribe to the channel hope to see you in the next video till next time see you guys later  foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music]  foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] thank you [music] [applause] [music] thank you [music] thank you [music] "

----------

"to revisit this article, visit my profile, then view saved stories. to revisit this article, select my account, then\u00a0view saved stories. to revisit this article, visit my profile, then view saved stories. to revisit this article, select my account, then\u00a0view saved stories. most trends that make their way onto the streets, adored by celebrities and fashion folk alike, find their beginnings on the catwalk. every now and again, it\u2019s to be expected that a new crop of tops will take over the runways like tiny tops of season\u2019s past and button-up shirting borrowed from the boys. at the fw22 collections, it was no different. this time, it was about all things tubular\u2013clavicle baring, body-hugging tube tops, and tube dresses. the comeback style\u2019s heyday was the late \u201990s and early \u201900s, adorned by almost everyone from sarah jessica parker and carolyn bessette to victoria beckham, posh spice\u2013era. and because it\u2019s never been truer when they say \u201cwhat goes around comes around,\u201d the best tube tops of today have been spotted on it girls like emily ratajkowski, bella hadid, kendall jenner, and more. just last weekend, emrata wore not one but two versions of the tube top dress while out and about in the city. to try the trend out for yourself, we\u2019ve got you covered from traditional tube tops and dresses from cult classics like norma kamali and susana monaco to the famed wolford fatal strapless dress. khaite and tot\u00eame have taken their own spins on the top as well, but in a more elevated fashion. dresses that feel especially reminiscent of the silhouette\u2019s prime are also included, like a denim tube top dress from eb denim or a white mini dress from zara. there are colorful options from paloma wool, high sport, and anna sui and neutrals from banana republic and paris georgia. one thing is for sure, the tube top of the early aughts is clearly also the tube top of today. get the runway look and shop all things tubular; below, with our edit of the 30 best tube tops and dresses. all products featured on vogue are independently selected by our editors. however, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. by laura lajiness kaupke. \u00a9 2023 cond\u00e9 nast. all rights reserved. use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement and privacy policy and cookie statement and your california privacy rights. vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our affiliate partnerships with retailers. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of cond\u00e9 nast. ad choices. why trust the dwym score? dwym is focused on helping you make the best purchasing decision. our team of experts spends hundreds of hours analyzing, testing, and researching products so you don't have to.learn more. soft and comfortableboost your style with a strapless, sleeveless wonder from lagshian. soft and comfortableboost your style with a strapless, sleeveless wonder from lagshian. fitted and flowysematomala\u2019s tube top is made from 100% polyester, making it an excellent option for everyday wear. fitted and flowysematomala\u2019s tube top is made from 100% polyester, making it an excellent option for everyday wear. textured for added stylemake your outfit pop with this romantic ruffled shirt. textured for added stylemake your outfit pop with this romantic ruffled shirt. when the weather starts to heat up, nothing feels better than slipping into a tube top and enjoying the summer sun. the versatile tube top is actually a warm-weather wardrobe staple for many, since it\u2019s equally appropriate for a day spent lounging by the pool or for a night out on the town. with so many different styles to choose from, there\u2019s definitely a tube top out there for everyone. when it comes to buying a tube top, the most important thing is to make sure it fits properly. the last thing you want is for your tube top to be too tight and be uncomfortable, or too loose and fail to stay up. you should aim for a snug but comfortable fit. fortunately, tube tops come in a number of styles and colors; they are also made from a variety of materials. try on a few different styles to see what works best for you. be sure to pay attention to the fabric of the tube top and think about your intended use. if you are looking for a top to wear in the summer heat, make sure to choose a light and airy fabric that will keep you cool. finally, consider what you\u2019ll be wearing with your tube top. if you\u2019re planning on going to the beach, a pair of shorts or a skirt is all you need. but if you\u2019re going out for the night, you might want to pair it with a blazer or jacket to dress it up. ultimately, as will all decisions of style, this is left to your creativity. if you\u2019re looking for a tube top that is a dream to wear, lagshian has you covered. their stretchy solid shirt comes in 17 colors and designs, making it perfect for any outfit. it is incredibly pleasing to the touch and looks amazing, perfect for hot summer days or wearing under a cardigan or jean jacket at night. the manufacturer recommends hand-washing this versatile wardrobe staple. the smocked bust and elastic hem make this top the perfect mix of tight and loose. this blouse-style tube shirt comes in over 7 solid colors, and each hue pairs well with a basic pair of jeans, skirts with pops of color or black slacks. wear sandals to dress this down or heels to dress it up. refer to their size chart for best fit, as they use international sizing. this tube top has a pleated look that will really make you stand out from the crowd. it comes in a rainbow of colors and it's stretchy, thanks to its cotton, spandex and rayon blend. you'll love wearing it no matter where your day takes you. when the weather starts to heat up, nothing feels better than slipping into a tube top and enjoying the summer sun. the versatile tube top is actually a warm-weather wardrobe staple for many, since it\u2019s equally appropriate for a day spent lounging by the pool or for a night out on the town. with so many different styles to choose from, there\u2019s definitely a tube top out there for everyone. when it comes to buying a tube top, the most important thing is to make sure it fits properly. the last thing you want is for your tube top to be too tight and be uncomfortable, or too loose and fail to stay up. you should aim for a snug but comfortable fit. fortunately, tube tops come in a number of styles and colors; they are also made from a variety of materials. try on a few different styles to see what works best for you. be sure to pay attention to the fabric of the tube top and think about your intended use. if you are looking for a top to wear in the summer heat, make sure to choose a light and airy fabric that will keep you cool. finally, consider what you\u2019ll be wearing with your tube top. if you\u2019re planning on going to the beach, a pair of shorts or a skirt is all you need. but if you\u2019re going out for the night, you might want to pair it with a blazer or jacket to dress it up. ultimately, as will all decisions of style, this is left to your creativity. the tube top has only been around for 50 years and has cycled in and out of fashion since. in 1971, the recently immigrated elie tahari was 19 years old and looking to make it big. when he found a stack of puckered, indian print elasticized gauze tubes, he knew he had found something special. he quickly bought them all and started selling them in new york with a $2 profit margin on each top. by 1973 tahari was manufacturing his own tube tops and started getting orders from all over the world. tube tops were a way of subverting the fashion culture, and women of all backgrounds started wearing them. they were even seen on popular shows of the time. in the 1980s, it became trendy to wear a tube top over a button-down shirt. the look was often paired with high-waisted, mom-style jeans. in the 1990s, tube tops made a comeback, thanks to fashion icons like gwen stefani and christina aguilera. in recent years, the tube top has made a comeback as a fashion statement and can be seen on many celebrities such as kendall jenner, bella hadid and hailey baldwin bieber. danielle smyth is a writer and content marketing expert based in new york. she has been writing on business and finance, home and garden, diy, travel and tourism, and a variety of other topics for over a decade, and she holds a master of science in publishing from pace university. danielle loves working on product reviews and helping others find the highest quality items at the right prices. she loves watercolor florals, medium-wash jeans, and breezy fabrics, and is committed to finding the best fashion values. dwym simplifies the research process by aggregating the reviews of the top product review sites. the result is the dwym score which represents the overall true rating of a product based upon a 1-10 scale. for the tube top category, we analyzed 0 of the most popular reviews including reviews from  and more. the result is a ranking of the best tube tops. just when you thought all of your favorite y2k fashion trends had already made their comeback, a new piece comes out of the nostalgic time machine to remind us that there's plenty still in store. continuing with the theme of y2k fashion, tube tops are the latest pieces to infiltrate our wardrobes once again for the warm weather season. instead of reaching for your typical tank tops and camis, tube tops are your solution for looking and feeling fresh during the upcoming heat.\n\n\njust like every other y2k era fashion trend we've seen come back recently, the tube top is getting its very own twist. nowadays, there's a tube top outfit for any style you have. long gone are the days of wearing tube tops that feel uncomfortable and potentially slip down during the day; these retro pieces can now be chic complements for a modern workwear ensemble.\nas we've seen on fashion influencers and celebrities, the tube top is on its way to its second peak in 2023 with the various ways you can wear it. the trick with pulling this top off is coordinating it with proper styling for a modern take on an old favorite. just when you thought all of your favorite y2k fashion trends had already made their comeback, a new piece comes out of the nostalgic time machine to remind us that there's plenty still in store. continuing with the theme of y2k fashion, tube tops are the latest pieces to infiltrate our wardrobes once again for the warm weather season. instead of reaching for your typical tank tops and camis, tube tops are your solution for looking and feeling fresh during the upcoming heat. just like every other y2k era fashion trend we've seen come back recently, the tube top is getting its very own twist. nowadays, there's a tube top outfit for any style you have. long gone are the days of wearing tube tops that feel uncomfortable and potentially slip down during the day; these retro pieces can now be chic complements for a modern workwear ensemble. as we've seen on fashion influencers and celebrities, the tube top is on its way to its second peak in 2023 with the various ways you can wear it. the trick with pulling this top off is coordinating it with proper styling for a modern take on an old favorite. we all know that tube tops are typically worn as a top with perhaps an outerwear piece draped over them. while this is still the most classic way of sporting the piece, 2023 is all about reinventing these styles for a modern look. this season, try placing the tube top on top of a long-sleeve layer for a chic and unique outfit. styling your tube top on top is perfect for those days that might be chilly but you still want to rock a chic look. we all know that tube tops are typically worn as a top with perhaps an outerwear piece draped over them. while this is still the most classic way of sporting the piece, 2023 is all about reinventing these styles for a modern look. this season, try placing the tube top on top of a long-sleeve layer for a chic and unique outfit. styling your tube top on top is perfect for those days that might be chilly but you still want to rock a chic look. matching sets have been one of the rising stars in fashion trends recently, and the tube top is the perfect way of rocking two trends in one. while most two-piece sets include a blazer or top with a matching skirt or pants, opt for a tube top and bottom combination. grab a matching full skirt for the perfect spring or summer look while pants are ideal for a formal night out. regardless, matching sets are a complete winner in 2023 as they are both chic and practical. instead of spending time deciding on your outfit, grab your tube top and matching bottom for a quick but stylish ensemble. matching sets have been one of the rising stars in fashion trends recently, and the tube top is the perfect way of rocking two trends in one. while most two-piece sets include a blazer or top with a matching skirt or pants, opt for a tube top and bottom combination. grab a matching full skirt for the perfect spring or summer look while pants are ideal for a formal night out. regardless, matching sets are a complete winner in 2023 as they are both chic and practical. instead of spending time deciding on your outfit, grab your tube top and matching bottom for a quick but stylish ensemble. there's nothing more classic than a simple black tube top. styling a tube top of this color is the easiest way of incorporating this trend into your closet without feeling overwhelmed. for the warmer months, style your tube top with a skirt or shorts to help you keep and look cool. swap out your skirt for pants and you have the perfect chic and edgy outfit for a night out on the town. there's nothing more classic than a simple black tube top. styling a tube top of this color is the easiest way of incorporating this trend into your closet without feeling overwhelmed. for the warmer months, style your tube top with a skirt or shorts to help you keep and look cool. swap out your skirt for pants and you have the perfect chic and edgy outfit for a night out on the town. the tube top is undeniably the mark of a cool girl outfit. influencers and celebrities have sported the piece along with other street style classics to create chic but comfortable ensembles. some of the favorites to pair with the tube top have been cargo pants, loose jeans, and oversized jackets. the key to styling an iconic item like the tube top is to layer pieces that are equally comfortable and can get you through the day. the tube top is undeniably the mark of a cool girl outfit. influencers and celebrities have sported the piece along with other street style classics to create chic but comfortable ensembles. some of the favorites to pair with the tube top have been cargo pants, loose jeans, and oversized jackets. the key to styling an iconic item like the tube top is to layer pieces that are equally comfortable and can get you through the day. nothing says modern like a good leather piece to add some edge to your look. with leather also making a major comeback this year, combine both trends to create the ultimate y2k vibe. this edgy outfit is perfect if you wanted to rock a head-to-toe leather look for the ultimate trendy ensemble. much like a matching set, styling a leather tube top and pants of the same color will help make the process of getting dressed much easier. nothing says modern like a good leather piece to add some edge to your look. with leather also making a major comeback this year, combine both trends to create the ultimate y2k vibe. this edgy outfit is perfect if you wanted to rock a head-to-toe leather look for the ultimate trendy ensemble. much like a matching set, styling a leather tube top and pants of the same color will help make the process of getting dressed much easier. when looking at the tube top trend, it's challenging to not put into perspective other y2k trends that are starting to take over as the seasons warm up. one of the other trends from this era is the mini trend, which is the perfect combination to pair with your tube tops. mini skirts are one of the chicest ways you can take the tube top trend to the next level during the warmer months to help keep you fresh this season. if you're ready for a statement outfit, opt for a mini skirt and tube top outfit, which will rule this summer. when looking at the tube top trend, it's challenging to not put into perspective other y2k trends that are starting to take over as the seasons warm up. one of the other trends from this era is the mini trend, which is the perfect combination to pair with your tube tops. mini skirts are one of the chicest ways you can take the tube top trend to the next level during the warmer months to help keep you fresh this season. if you're ready for a statement outfit, opt for a mini skirt and tube top outfit, which will rule this summer. no one can deny that 2023 has been the year of color. from pantone's color of the year to other statement bold colors we've seen ruling the runways, this year has been all about bringing out your brightest and boldest. include your favorite bold pops of color when choosing your tube tops for a striking outfit. no one can deny that 2023 has been the year of color. from pantone's color of the year to other statement bold colors we've seen ruling the runways, this year has been all about bringing out your brightest and boldest. include your favorite bold pops of color when choosing your tube tops for a striking outfit. the neutral color palette is perfect for those looking to pull off the minimalist style. however, if you're looking to still make a statement without color, the trick is to pull in some contrasting neutrals. using the classic black tube top, layer the rest of your outfit with lighter colors to help create a chic contrasting color palette in your outfit. since all of these colors are neutrals and simple, they'll automatically make a cohesive outfit with your tube top as the statement piece. the neutral color palette is perfect for those looking to pull off the minimalist style. however, if you're looking to still make a statement without color, the trick is to pull in some contrasting neutrals. using the classic black tube top, layer the rest of your outfit with lighter colors to help create a chic contrasting color palette in your outfit. since all of these colors are neutrals and simple, they'll automatically make a cohesive outfit with your tube top as the statement piece. another classic style is making a return this year, and seasoned fashionistas can\u2019t wait to wear it again.\u00a0the black tube top is a wardrobe classic that has been trending heavily across social media platforms. we may have forgotten about some items in our closets, but this summer marks the return of several long-forgotten favorites with this one included. the resurgence of the much-maligned strapless top may, like most modern fashions, be traced back to a trending hashtag on the video-sharing platform tiktok. more than 79 million people have watched videos with the hashtag #tubetop on the most popular platform among generation z, and new videos with styling advice, diy instructions, and tricks are being uploaded every day. gen z isn\u2019t the only demographic benefiting from the return of the tube top, and the trend isn\u2019t exclusive to tiktok. according to refinery29, early 2000s celebrities like britney spears, j.lo, ashanti, and sarah jessica parker are here for it as well. if you want to look great with less effort, we\u2019ve found the greatest black tube tops to buy this year. a tube top has no equal in terms of ease of wear, especially during the warmer seasons. thanks to the revival of fashion from the early 2000s, this once-rare garment is now widely available. continue scrolling to view the pieces\u00a0that\u00a0we\u2019ve carefully chosen. the dakota tube top is intended to enhance your capsule wardrobe by providing you with many potential ensembles. this dress has a simple, strapless cut and is made from meshki\u2018s coveted comfi skin fabric for a smooth, form-flattering fit and feel. pair it with a midi skirt for a chic coordinated look, or dress it down with a jacket for the perfect off-duty getup. positive review: \u201ci bought this bandeau in black and violet and i\u2019m glad i did! it\u2019s versatile and i love how it sits just above my belly button.\u201d. the alosoft convertible sunkissed bandeau by alo yoga is a cropped tank top that may be worn as is or with the straps crossed or removed to avoid unsightly tan lines. this classic crop top is so comfortable that it defies its name. it has a universally flattering cut and is tailored to accommodate a wide range of body types while yet providing a comfortable level of mobility support. positive review: \u201clove it! cups do move around a little but i love that i don\u2019t have to wear a bra. i breastfed two kids and have never had perky boobs so it\u2019s pretty rare that i can go without one. ordering another color!\u201d. this bandeau crop top from prettylittlething is a simple way to stay stylish. wear it with some black flares for a \u201990s look and feel thanks to the silky fabric that hugs and flatters your shape. pair with a pair of strappy shoes and a striking necklace to complete the ensemble. the crop tube top\u00a0is a strapless, form-fitting top made from a soft stretch fabric, making it the ideal layering item. it looks great worn solo with some high-waisted jeans or layered beneath a jacket, cardigan, or open shirt. susana monaco stands out from other designers due to the use of a high-end jersey fabric that works well with the tailored cut and short length. out from under\u2018s classic stretch fabric is used to create this simple, seamless tube top. it has an elastic waistband and ruched side seams, making it the perfect addition to your wardrobe. this tube top, which is constructed of polyamide and elastane, has ribbed accents throughout. positive review: \u201cthis shirt is so comfortable and such a nice basic i added it to my closet. i\u2019ve already worn it so much.\u201d. in keeping with its name, the black knit rivoli tube top is cut for a close, form-hugging fit. it is strapless and ends at the waist, making it a cropped style. it\u2019s the label\u2019s hallmark contemporary minimalism expressed in a simple, sleek tube top. this top is perfect with a streamlined black pencil skirt, but it also looks great with some\u00a0skinny jeans. the black feather bandeau top will bring out your inner diva. wearing this full feather top will make you the center of attention whether you\u2019re heading out for a night on the town with your girlfriends or on a date with your significant other. this striking bandeau crop top is crafted from our sumptuous feathers and can be worn with jeans or layered under a jacket and trousers for a runway-ready look. this must-have shirt will definitely bring the drama to your closet. you can\u2019t go wrong with the black material and mesh pointed hem in a cropped length. wear with your favorite\u00a0high heels and matching accessories for a charming look. a tube top, similar to a bandeau top, is a kind of top worn by women that don\u2019t include sleeves or shoulder straps. when worn, the\u00a0shoulders are exposed to their entirety since there is no covering for them. in most instances, it takes the shape of an expanded ring or band of cloth that wraps around the chest and crops above\u00a0the abdominal region. to wear a tube top, first ensure that it is the correct size for your body. then, put the top on over your head, pulling it down to cover your torso. make sure that it is sitting comfortably on your shoulders and that it is not too tight or too loose. adjust the top as needed to ensure it is sitting correctly on your body. if the top has hidden straps or internal lining, adjust them to your desired length. and that\u2019s it, you are now ready to rock your tube top! when it comes to rocking a tube top, the key is to channel your inner diva and own it! this versatile piece of clothing can be dressed up or down depending on the occasion, so don\u2019t be afraid to experiment with different styles and looks. a tube top is a versatile and stylish piece of clothing that can be dressed up or down depending on the occasion. when styling a tube top, the key is to balance the simplicity of the top with statement pieces and accessories. a high-waisted skirt or pants will create a sleek and sophisticated look while still showing off your waist. another option is to pair the top with denim shorts or a denim skirt for a more casual and laid-back look. accessorize with statement jewelry like a long necklace or chunky bracelets to add some interest to the outfit. if you\u2019re looking to add a bit of edge to your look, you can layer a leather jacket over the tube top. remember to always keep the balance between the simplicity of the top and the statement pieces you choose. also, don\u2019t be afraid to experiment with different colors, patterns, and fabrics to create a unique and personalized look that showcases your style and confidence. hollywood life\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nhollywood life. latest hollywood celebrity & entertainment news. if you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, we may receive an affiliate commission. learn more about our policies and reviews. it's the first day of the summer season, and you're probably wondering what to wear. well, ladies, we present you with tube tops! tube tops are an easy way to look cute this summer without putting much effort into your outfit. wearing a tube top is perfect for those hot days when you want something light but don't feel like wearing a dress or shorts. it can even be worn with jeans and skirts! to make things even more convenient for you, we have reviewed some of the nicest tube tops in 2023 that can make you look gorgeous with minimal effort. there's nothing quite like the feeling of wearing a tube top. what\u2019s better, this super stylish piece is back in style and ready to make an appearance. so, what are you waiting for? check out our favorite tops below! comparing the cutest tube tops in 2023. everyone can turn up the heat with stidy\u2019s sexy and trendy crop top. the light and breathable material make it easy to wear on summer days or a night out on the town. with pleat designs, you'll never go unnoticed in this tube top. it also comes with transparent spaghetti straps so you can choose what to do: twist it into a strapless tube top, pull it together as shoulder straps or just let it hang free for an unforgettable beach look. there are several looks that you can create with these marvelous tube tops. the top legging tube top is a perfect choice for any season. the seamless design makes it comfortable to wear year-round and is especially great for warmer weather. this bandeau bra is perfect for layering or wearing on its own, with the elastic bands providing just enough support for versatile styling. the fabric is incredibly soft and stretchy, which allows for a comfortable fit and all-day wear. the lack of padding also makes it an ideal choice for people who don't want extra bulk under their clothing. it comes in various colors and sizes, so there's something to suit every taste. for those looking for more coverage, the bandeau bra can be worn comfortably under sports bras or other garments for an edgy look. it can also be used as a post-surgery and breastfeeding aid. the four-way stretch construction makes it easier to slip on when wearing after surgery or for breastfeeding purposes. let your inner wild child shine through with a lagshian crop top. perfect for a casual look, the cropped tank is made from soft cotton and spandex to fit well without being too tight or revealing. try it on over a vintage-inspired skirt or shorts that hit right above the knee. or, pair it with your favorite sneakers for an easy summertime look, perfect for having fun in the water at the beach, lake, pool, or even backyard sprinkler bash. it doesn't matter what you\u2019re doing in this top; you can wear this iconic outfit as either daywear or nightwear. mix matchy tube top is a must-have summer closet essential. with a lightweight fabric that provides comfort and stretch, mix matchy makes pairing your favorite top with high-waisted bottoms simple. 96% polyester and 4% spandex ensures it will contour to your body and look great on you. each crop top comes in sizes ranging from s-l for maximum satisfaction. you do not want to miss out on such an amazing deal. not only does it look breathtakingly beautiful when you put it on, but it also lasts longer because of the top-quality fabric that's used to make it. your new favorite wardrobe staple is the stretch is comfort tube top. it is made of soft, breathable cotton with just enough stretch to contour perfectly to your body. with 95% cotton and 5% spandex, this top offers full coverage yet remains flowy and comfortable for your daily adventures. the length of this tank-style top is perfect for travel or any other adventure. throw it on over a bikini when lounging by the pool or at the beach, layer under sweaters for chilly fall weather, or wear it over your denim jeans; you can style it however you want to! these fancy and fun hatopants tube tops are made of the perfect mix of 95% cotton and 5% spandex. the lightweight, cropped, and stretchable fabric hugs your curves attractively. surprisingly, they're perfect for winter days because they'll keep you feeling warm (they're about as big as a scarf). we do recommend pairing it with a jacket, though! hatopants are not just good for wintertime because they can be worn as a layer or by themselves during any season. just make sure you don't mind showing some skin since it's strapless. you'll be able to rock these styles without having any worries about wrinkles or lining sticking out awkwardly. this buying guide is more like a fashion guru that can help you choose tube tops that fit your personality and style perfectly. if you want to buy a spectacular tube, these five points must be on your mind at all times. a tube top that looks great on your friend might not necessarily look good on you. you need to think about the shape of your body and where it is most flattering for you to wear an off-the-shoulder garment like a tube top. for example, if you have wide hips, wearing something that hugs your waist will be perfect for you. on the other hand, wearing something with no cleavage is best if you have a big bust, as it won\u2019t make your upper body look more prominent. a tube top is typically a tight-fitting garment. you should decide whether or not you will feel comfortable wearing such an outfit. you don\u2019t want to spend money on something that will never get worn. tube tops come in different styles. if you want something that can stand out, it might be best to choose a tube top with lots of embellishments or patterns on it. on the other hand, if you want something simple, choosing a tube top with less detail can work great. you should keep this in mind because some tube tops are made of cotton or other breathable fabrics that can be worn in the summer. others might be more ideal for colder months if they have a thicker fabric. there are many different types of tube tops that you can choose from. the best one for your body type is based on what you want to wear it over and how much coverage you need when wearing the top. this type of top is perfect if you want something that looks sexy but still has coverage. it can also look great with high-waisted shorts or skirts to show off your waistline and make your figure appear slimmer. the halter tube top can come in many colors, patterns, and materials like lace, silk, etc., so there is something out there for everyone. a bandeau (or banderina) tube top covers the chest area and is one of the most common types of this style of top. it offers comparatively more coverage than a string tube top but still leaves a lot to be desired. there are bandeau tops that have added features like padding, underwire, and different necklines (like v-necks or even cowl necks), but they can tend to be quite expensive as well. this top can be worn by women with underwire bras and those who need to avoid the bandeau tube top because they don\u2019t provide any support. the strapless bra is essentially built into this tube top, so you don\u2019t have to worry about finding one that will work for your outfit or chest size. the string tube top covers the chest area but does not offer much support or coverage. it can be difficult to find one that fits properly and does not slide down. string tube tops can be great for going out to a club or dancing all night long. this may seem like an easy question to answer but not all tops are made the same. that\u2019s why they cannot be washed similarly. in case your top is machine washable, consider getting a mesh bag that can protect your tube top from being caught on any other clothes in the machine. this will ensure that it stays together and doesn't get torn or ruined. once you have a mesh bag, throw your tube top in the washing machine with a few other similar items. this can help to even out any stains or discoloration from water that's not the right temperature.\nafter you have washed it, make sure to hang-dry your top instead of using a dryer, in order to prevent any shrinkage.\nby hand. we all have clothes that we just can't put in the washing machine, so it is necessary to know how to wash them by hand. though tube tops are a summer staple, many people find them difficult to wear. after all, they can be revealing and not exactly the most comfortable thing to wear during the summer months if you\u2019re not super confident in your body. however, with a little creativity and some fashion know-how, you can make tube tops work no matter what! wearing a tube top can be great for showing off your midriff, making you seem more confident with your body. it also helps to show off your upper arms if they're toned and muscular. tube tops work best in warm weather when wearing them casually. tube tops look great when you're wearing bright colors such as red, blue, and yellow, but ultimately, you can choose any color that looks great on you! by shopjnna  on may 20, 2021\n\n0\n 3463. if there\u2019s one trend we guarantee you\u2019re going to see everywhere this season, it\u2019s tube tops. as a \u201990s and early aughts fashion favorite, this strapless top is giving us major nostalgia. so when fashion girls everywhere started wearing outfits featuring tube tops, we knew the look was officially back. from leather tops to structured versions, the tube top has come back and is better than ever\u2014and they\u2019re more versatile than you think. if you\u2019re not quite sure how to wear tube tops, let us get you started. whether you\u2019re looking to wear them for a hot summer day or want to dress them up for a night out, these outfits will inspire you to add an easy tube top into your summer wardrobe rotation. keep scrolling to shop the six outfit ideas. you may try this outfit and may design it around this amazing leather tube top. as the leather trench makes it feel pulled-together, the denim pants soften the look a little. by simply adding a pair of tailored trousers and a cool belt, this outfit demonstrates how to wear a tube top in a fashionable way. this look is the ultimate simple outfit to pack into your suitcase for vacations. your vacation days will be more colorful with bright tube tops. look for structured tube tops like this one for the evening that gives the look like an elevated feel. you have the perfect outfit for every case when paired with denim and nude pumps. in this cool look that blends a ribbed tube top and denim pants with a zebra-print bag. this is the ideal spring outfit to wear over and over again. if you want to make your height more gorgeous, you may try your tube tops with your favorite shorts. now you have a brief idea on how to wear a tube top. to buy wholesale women\u2019s fantastic tube tops, we\u2019ll suggest j.nna from the usa. j.nna is the fastest growing wholesale clothing store in the usa. they are providing styles that are ready to wear from everyday lifestyle to elegant occasions. they specialize in women\u2019s tops, dresses, bottoms, sweaters and outerwear mostly for the young contemporary. they are providing service from the heart of california, los angeles. you are invited to experience the innovative creative styles with j.nna. \u00a9 2023 shopjnna , all rights reserved. customer reviews, including product star ratings help customers to learn more about the product and decide whether it is the right product for them. to calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don\u2019t use a simple average. instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on amazon. it also analyzed reviews to verify trustworthiness. if there's one pattern that we guarantee you're going to see this season everywhere, it's tube tops. many girls are concerned on how to wear a tube top. as a staple of fashion in the '90s and early aughts, this strapless top gives us significant nostalgia. so when fashion girls began wearing outfits featuring tube tops everywhere, we knew that the look was officially back. the tube top has come back and is better than ever, from leather tops to structured models, and these are more flexible than you think. let us get you started if you're not quite sure how to wear a tube top. for the coolest ways to wear them that we looked at our favorite insiders which give us comfort in 2023. these outfits will encourage you to incorporate a simple tube top into your summer wardrobe rotation, whether you want to wear them for a hot summer day or want to dress them up for a night out. keep scrolling to purchase the tube tops following the six ideas below... you may try this outfit and may design it around this amazing leather tube top. as the leather trench makes it feel pulled-together, the denim pants soften the look a little. by simply adding a pair of tailored trousers and a cool belt, this outfit demonstrates how to wear a tube top in a fashionable way. this look is the ultimate simple outfit to pack into your suitcase for vacations. your vacation days will be more colorful with bright tube tops. look for structured tube tops like this one for the evening that gives the look like an elevated feel. you have the perfect outfit for every case when paired with denim and nude pumps. in this cool look that blends a ribbed tube top and denim pants with a zebra-print bag. this is the ideal spring outfit to wear over and over again. if you want to make your height more gorgeous, you may try your tube tops with your favorite shorts. if you want to buy wholesale women\u2019s tube tops, we\u2019ll suggest the wholesale fashion marketplace stylepick from the usa. stylepick is an online wholesale fashion marketplace dedicated to inspire manufacturers and the best wholesale women's clothing vendors through the combination of trendy styles and user friendly web interface. it is a virtual fashion district for all vendors and retailers globally. established in los angeles, stylepick offers experiential wholesale environments and a mix of the latest and top wholesale women's clothing from different vendors like j.nna, blue b, day & night, hers & mine, davi & dani, spotlite and many more. email: info@stylepick.net. \u00a9 2023 all rights reserved. as popsugar editors, we independently select and write about stuff we love and think you'll like too. if you buy a product we have recommended, we may receive affiliate commission, which in turn supports our work. the early 2000s are back, and to be honest, we're not mad about it. everything from colorful eyeshadow to matching sweatsuits is making a mark in fashion again, and one of our favorite reemerging trends is the tube top. strapless tops are sexy and fun, and as we're starting to go out again, they're exactly what we want to be wearing. whether you're looking for an affordable option that's great for layering or a sexy corset top that makes a statement, these 12 options belong in your closet stat. plus, there's a bandana top that makes us dream of tropical vacations. with spring around the corner, this is the trend you're going to be spotting everywhere, so now's the time to stock up! keep on reading to shop our selects. related:\n\n\n\n\ntrust us \u2014 suits are going to be everywhere this spring. a strapless top is a great layering piece. this free people essential bandeau brami ($20) has a built-in bra, which is so helpful, and also comes in tons of different colors. instead of just tying a scarf around your chest and hoping it stays, reach for this superdown sophia bandana top ($50). we're obsessed with the geometric print. this zara faux leather corset top ($40) is so sexy and statement making. the chocolate brown color is a great new neutral. consider this open edit jersey tube top ($20) a wardrobe essential. we love it layered under a white blazer for spring and summer. how cute does this cropped yfb clothing orchard bando ($92) look with jeans? no one will miss you in this hot pink style. this zara floral crop top ($40) is a new, sexy way to take on the spring floral trend. it's a great day to night top. this miaou leia corset leather ($265) is so sexy and fun. it looks just as good with denim cutoffs as it does with sleek black pants. this lamarque x revolve zaina top ($275) is the ultimate going out look. it's a bestseller, and comes in a bunch of different colors, but we're loving this mint green. this rosie assoulin bustier lamp top ($825) is structured and elegant. we love the way it looks with pants or even shorts. there's plenty of room in your closet for this fp one raya bandana top ($48). it looks great with a looser bottom, to balance out the silhouette. add a little sparkle to your look with this fun itmfl nana top ($225). the zebra print is so cute. a black going out top is a wardrobe necessity. this lpa aida top ($158) has the right embellishments to stand out. by  njera perkins\n\n12 hours ago. by  amanda prahl\n\n13 hours ago. by  chanel vargas\n\n15 hours ago. by  njera perkins\n\n16 hours ago. get a daily dose of style. select the topics that interest you:. by signing up, i agree to the terms  and privacy policy  and to receive emails from popsugar. get a daily dose of style right in your inbox. sign up for our fashion & beauty newsletter. by signing up, i agree to the terms  and privacy policy  and to receive emails from popsugar. thanks! you're now subscribed. customize your newsletter. please select the topics you're interested in:. thanks! you're now subscribed. would you like to turn on popsugar desktop notifications to get breaking news asap? great, click the \u2018allow\u2019 button above\n\u261d\ufe0f. awesome, you\u2019re all set!\n\ud83c\udf89. the fact of the matter is this: there are only six weeks left of summer. yes, august has only just begun, and there\u2019s likely at least one more heat wave in your imminent future, but the countdown to fall has started tick-ticking. thus, there\u2019s only a narrow window of time in which to bust out those summery pieces  you\u2019ve yet to wear \u2014 like those platform sandals you treated yourself to but, in actuality, have yet to take out of the box. then, of course, there\u2019s the tube top outfits you\u2019ve seen the fashion set wearing throughout the season. chloe baffert, curation and merchandising expert at poshmark, advises you to start with the latter example. in her expert opinion, bandeau-style tops are a collective favorite of recent years and worthy of your attention. \u201cin 2020, we saw tube top sales hit an all-time high (up 1176% from 2013) on poshmark as the pandemic sent us seeking familiarity and comfort in \u2018before times\u2019 trends,\u201d she tells tzr. think of the stretchy, strapless tops from the \u201890s or the glitzy, ultra-bedazzled styles of the hot aughts \u2014 does that brief trip down memory lane provide a nice, comforting dose of nostalgia? do you feel an irresistible urge to slip into an old tube top, put on a pair of flatforms, and crank up early aughts-era britney spears? baffert says the throwback nature of the piece is very much still in effect, but in 2022, it\u2019s manifesting in more minimal iterations. \u201ctoday\u2019s version of the tube tops trades in rhinestones and velour for a classic, quieter iteration,\u201d says baffert. \u201cfor instance, people are gravitating toward the \u2018clean girl\u2019 minimalist versions of babaton and djerf avenue.\u201d ultimately, though, she says the fundamental aspect of today\u2019s take tube tops is their versatility: \u201cthey are even showing up now at the beach and in the office.\u201d. ahead, you\u2019ll find seven tube top-centric outfits that showcase the garment\u2019s potential, including a refined date-night ensemble and a comfy-formal option for irl work days. and while several of the below looks can be transitioned into the fall season through strategic styling, don\u2019t wait \u2014 consider this your sign to end summer 2022 in a totally tubular fashion. we may receive a portion of sales if you purchase a product through a link in this article. as baffert mentioned, djerf avenue\u2019s strapless and stretchy top has recently garnered a cult following amongst minimalist fashion enthusiasts. \u201cwe released our tube top back in 2020, and since then, it\u2019s been one of our staple items,\u201d the label\u2019s eponymous founder, matilda djerf, shares with tzr over email. she chalks up the appreciation for the piece due to its wearability, saying \u201cit\u2019s versatile enough to wear both dressed down \u2014 like with your favorite jeans and flip flops \u2014 and then with heels for a night out.\u201d. \u201cthe beauty of the tube top is that it does transcend seasons,\u201d details baffert, saying there isn't an exact expiration date that dictates when you need to pack them away in summer storage. as for her advice on finding a trans-seasonal piece? \u201ctry a tube top in unexpected fabrics, like stretch leather and in transitional tones of cherry red, cerulean blue, or cognac, which pair perfectly with late summer's slip skirt and fall's exaggeratedly oversized blazer.\u201d. baffert says today\u2019s take on tube tops also reflects 2022\u2019s all-consuming trend of romantic dressing. \u201cwe\u2019re seeing tube tops transform with a little something extra \u2014 think stitched cup detailing that mimics a corset,\u201d she offers, inviting you to achieve the look by opting for a top with strategic structure or subtle boning. then pair it with a slinky silk maxi skirt and luxe separates for an elegant look ideal for that particularly exclusive dinner reservation you\u2019ve been looking forward to all summer. consider also tackling fall 2022\u2019s biker-inspired fashion trend when styling a basic black bandeau top, a neutral piece you may already have in your closet, in fact. the key is to reach for the sartorial codes integral to the grunge aesthetic \u2014 like a sleek leather shacket and molten silver metallic jewelry. no helmet or harley davidson motorcycle required. \u201cfor me, it\u2019s all about the black jersey tube top \u2014 a tried and true utility player in my closet,\u201d says poshmark\u2019s baffert. \u201cit\u2019s a blank canvas done just right and allows you to show off your d\u00e9colletage by layering dainty gold coin necklaces and freshwater pearl drop earrings without creating too much noise.\u201d she says the black basic is even office appropriate; all you\u2019d need to do is team it with pleated workwear trousers, dainty jewelry, and then add the pi\u00e8ce de r\u00e9sistance \u2014 an oversized blazer. \u201cthe early aughts put tube tops on the map. since then, we\u2019ve seen the y2k staple not only evolve but pick up momentum,\u201d says baffert. pay homage to the design\u2019s seminal era by planning an outfit around a glitzy, sequined top \u2014 an inherently paris hilton and britney spears-feeling piece \u2014 tailored trousers, and chunky glitter heels. don\u2019t have a tube top at the ready? fashion a scarf into a top for a similar sleeveless effect. then, pair the makeshift bandeau with light-wash jeans and kitten heels for a causal yet undeniably polished look.  i may be biased because i had an amazing tube top with matching shrug that i absolutely loved in the early 00\u2019s and have no idea where it went \ud83e\udd72 but if you\u2019re in the us i would try express (current or resale like threadup or poshmark).  [cropped](https://www.express.com/clothing/women/body-contour-matte-jersey-tube-top/pro/06419912/color/pitch%20black/)[body suit](https://www.express.com/clothing/women/body-contour-tube-top-thong-bodysuit/pro/06418454/color/white/) here are a couple:  [https://www.subdued.com/us\\_en/bandeau-top-tp02th7](https://www.subdued.com/us_en/bandeau-top-tp02th7)  (multiple colors) [https://www.fashionnova.com/products/essential-camo-bandeau-black](https://www.fashionnova.com/products/essential-camo-bandeau-black)https://www.nomadboutique.com/products/kendra-cami-tank-black?variant=39326426103996 this open edit one seems closehttps://www.nordstrom.com/s/open-edit-jersey-tube-top/6266385 i don't think i've ever worn one but if they are anything like strapless dresses, annoying af because you always have to pull them up.  they remind me of being 10 years old and boob free, they'd look ridiculous on me now. there are probably some skinny smaller chested girls out there who could really work them though. oh sure, i love articles of clothing that have no way of staying in place on their own, in addition to their look being ruined by wearing a bra. what an excellent combination. love everything about that. it's not something i wear. my boobs are too big for them. smaller cups would probably look cute in them people still wear these? lol hard pass. i have too much boob. g cups and tube tops don't mix well funny story...in 1976 i was living in the netherlands.  i had just bought a tube top with an open shirt that tied around my torso.  i road my bike a few miles to the open market.  coming back from town, i noticed the locals were staring and pointing at me. when i got to my front door, i looked down to get my key from my pocket only to realize that my tube top had drifted down exposing my breast! i have never worn a tube top again. not keen. i prefer all my tops to have straps of some sort.  based on the multiple reviews i\u2019ve seen here, i\u2019ve decided to skip the tube tops. 89\u20ac is a lot for something that might pill or get ruined after one wash. i much rather spend 20-30 euros more for the breezy sets, which also go better with my style. but that\u2019s very personal idk if it\u2019s luck or what but mine hasn\u2019t pilled at all and is holding up great! i personally think it\u2019s worth it! the tube tops are so easy to style and so flattering and comfortable! they\u2019re thick enough that you don\u2019t have to worry about wearing a bra if you don\u2019t want to, and they\u2019re super flattering! also super comfortable- i feel like it\u2019s hard to find tube tops that actually stay up without being too tight and the djerf ones stay in place but without squeezing your chest. i\u2019ve been having the same dilemma and i decided against getting it :( $109 is way too expensive to gamble on a tube top that might pill or have the fabric change after one wash (based on multiple reviews here) the fabric doesn't last super super long but that's really like with anything. it kind of reminds me of a t-shirt. the more you wear and wash it. mine has been preowned and i bought it second hand so it has some piling but it's not that noticeable and i've been wearing it consistently for months now and washing it by hand. it happens. i think it's worth it. it lasted me longer than some pieces for the same price at other retailers. hope that helps! i would say tho, it is worth it. the tube top and skirt are the only things that i have repeatedly repurchased and own multiple of. the only major issue with colored tube top is the color getting washed out near the seams but it hasn\u2019t happens to my white or black tube top yet. i have both and they're both still in magnificent shape! i love my white tube top and im so excited to get the toffee one today. i\u2019ll wait with the black one for financial reasons \ud83d\ude02 but haven\u2019t washed it yet so i don\u2019t know about that. would probably just wash it in hand im glad i have the sugar and licorice top instead of the new tube tops. the quality looks more luxerious when its the viscose (in my opinion) so i won\u2019t be getting the new basic ones i don\u2019t think so! in the description of the new daily tube tops, they mention how they\u2019re meant to be a lighter and less dressy version of their normal tube tops. i think that if they managed to note the differences between the two in the description, there\u2019s no plan to just get rid of the original ones. :) the daily ones are just there for a different/more casual look. i have two tube tops and i had 4 dream dresses, so maybe my experience can help you a bit: the tube top fabric absolutely pills, it's very noticable on the black fabric, less so on the white one. while you can see the pilling on the white one, it's not super offensive, just make sure to wash it carefully. edit: [recent picture of the tube tops](https://imgur.com/a/v542eeo), [photos of how washing affected the fabric](https://imgur.com/a/de3ytnf)one thing to keep in mind is that if you have a bigger chest, the seam will sit somewhere on top of your chest rather than below, which gives a very different vibe. it makes my boobs look a bit saggy, so i prefer to wear mine with a cardigan or a blazer on top. i used to have the dream dress in 4 colors (purple, blue, green and black) and while they are very beautiful, i ended up selling them all. the two older colors (purple and black) didn't have adjustable straps and the dresses just sat too low on me (constant nip slips). the adjustable straps on the newer dresses didn't help much, because the top part still shifts and the straps also came lose and the dress got lower and lower throughout the day. they were gorgeous and the quality was there, but i also found them very hard to style. i'm pretty basic and i prefer to dress a simple look up if the occasion calls for it. i personally always felt very overdressed in the dream dresses, and no matter what i tried i just couldn't dress them down. however, from the way you described your style it could fit right in! as for the cloud dream dress, a user on here reported that the dress was see-through in flash photography, so if you end up getting it, it'd be wise to take a couple flash photos! getaway long sleeve tops! i have them in cream and blue and they\u2019ve both held up perfectly in the wash, plus given your style i think you\u2019d like them :) however, if you don\u2019t love anything rn i\u2019d say wait for fall/winter styles to drop. i would def go for the oat set (blazer and pants), perhaps breezy shorts in some color way? i feel like those items are known to be very good quality. i have the dream pants and adore them. i dont find them see through on me when wearing a white or nude g-string. is your giftcard combined into one? because when i tried to use my store credit i could only use 1, so they couldn\u2019t be combined :( i have the white tube top and also have a large chest, the seam is under my boobs when i wear a bra with it so i like how it looks on me. i have worn it several times but still haven\u2019t washed it yet. i haven't seen any issues so far both on this reddit and my personal experience with the fruit robe! the quality is quite good (and i'd hope so for the price) as it's much thicker than the towel. although i'm unsure when that's restocking has anyone tried the daily white tank top? does it run tts? getaway tops for sure \ud83e\udef6\ud83c\udffb so cute are they true to size? \u263a\ufe0f thank you for sharing \ud83d\ude0d i love the black with the little dainty red rose \ud83c\udf39 obsessed with these love to see ratboi getting the love it deserves. i believe they are truly sustainable plus their cotton bodysuits are so comfy. \u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f okay these are actually so cute and the bolero!! just ordered the blue when discussing an aritzia item, please remember to include either a photo or a link in your post - thanks!*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/aritzia) if you have any questions or concerns.* just got this delivered to my house today and didn\u2019t consider this even once \ud83e\udd72 now i\u2019m scared i own it in a s \u2014 def could have gotten a m for my lil belly and i have to pull it up alllll the time\ud83e\udd72 sad because the fabric and length is perfect! i have them in size small & xs. i\u2019m generally an xs in tops but i\u2019m also fuller chested. i have a bit of trouble with the small riding up around the waist & riding down on my chest so i bought an xs and it actually made it worse lol. so probably size up yeah i should have sized down \ud83d\ude43 i don\u2019t know what i was thinking. yes but they are so cute i bought 3\ud83e\udd79 i find that if i put the bottom edge over my bottoms slightly instead of tucked in/under jeans it stays put more. i got my regular size and mine stays comfy all day. you might need to size up as a guy that likes boobs, i disagree tune tops are alright in my book. i love a tube top! and prefer it to wearing a bra any day! this isn't unpopular. i like when girls wear it. it shows off the waist and shoulders and that's sexy i like how they look, but they can look odd on some people"

----------

"the early 2000s trends continue, with the latest being ugg boots! perfectly on brand with easygoing everyday winter aesthetics like #cozycore and #cabincore, the familiar comfort shoe is getting a modern style revamp to take you straight into 2023. new boot styles such as platform uggs, slipper style and their new ultra mini reflect a thoughtful synergy with today\u2019s silhouettes in fashion, creating all sorts of new styling opportunities to get you excited about the ugg boot revival. for 2023, ugg boots go beyond being worn as loungewear, apr\u00e9s ski and with fitness. uggs can be styled back to trousers, wide leg denim, dresses and skirts \u2013 giving this casual boot silhouette a much more elevated look for day or casual night! want trend-right outfits for work, vacation outfits or an update to your winter wardrobe basics? wardrobe styling services by\u00a0meg gallagher, personal stylist los angeles can be found\u00a0here! creating a monochromatic look exudes luxury and elegance, even when styled with a traditionally casual boot silhouette. \u00a0head-to-toe color is flattering and elongating \u2013 whether its all grey, chocolate, black, navy or ivory. pair your uggs with oversized trousers for wearing ugg boots to the office! the key to this look is keeping an easygoing silhouette with loose layers, and allowing for your trouser to puddle over the top of the ugg boot. we love the playful look of uggs styled back to a mini skirt and chunky scrunch socks. chunky socks or leg warmers offer balance and fill the space of a short boot silhouette and short skirt. whether your denim is cropped or puddles on top of your boot, wearing wide leg denim\u00a0over top\u00a0of your uggs is the way to go. check out these styling images for how to wear uggs with mom jeans, bootcut jeans, flare jeans, straight leg jeans and more. suede uggs are a natural compliment to soft sweater dresses; maxi or mini. \u00a0the addition of a leather jacket and jumbo scarf take this look to another level utilizing layered texture and proportions. pair your outfit with tights to stay ahead of 2023\u2019s legwear trend. keep your athliesure and loungewear looks feeling fabulous and not sloppy with these styling ideas! styling neutral colored fitness wear with a double breasted top coat, scrunch socks and stylish accessories keep this off-duty look feeling fresh and sharp. traditional sweat pants and two-piece sweat looks paired with uggs still look great as an everyday outfit when you add a structured oversized coat and handle bag! these popular, best selling ugg boots are selling out fast. snag your size while you still can, and keep an eye out for pieces on backorder. many colors and silhouettes are in such high demand that they are also being sold on the resale marketplace platform, stock. x, at inflated prices. madison-to-melrose was birthed in 2011 as a creative outlet for bi-coastal stylist, meg gallagher. over time, the blog has grown into a collection of applicable how-to-wear, trending fashion, outfit ideas, emerging designers, and insider's shopping. mtm is a daily dose of fashionable fun you do not want to miss and you'll certainly want to share. 347.351.8808 | meg@meggallagher.com. for more information on styling services visit meggallagher.com. sign up for our newsletter. privacy policy\ncopyright \u00a9 2019 meg gallagher designed by chotin communications. never miss a beat on all the latest in style and fashion; how-to-wear outfit ideas, insider shopping, inspiration, and more! thanks for contacting us. we've received your submission. ugh, not another basic shearling boot?! not here! instead, while the weather is still cold and slick with snow and ice (or just rain for us in new york city) we want to stock up on boots, shoes and slippers from the experts in all of the above \u2014 ugg. we know (and are obsessed with) the classics, like the beloved classic tall ii boot and their viral counterpart, the classic ultra mini and the classic ultra mini platform boots. however, there is a whole world of ugg shoes to explore before the season is over that you need asap in your winter wardrobe. we chatted with none other than ugg themselves for the full 2023 trend report, rounding up the best shoes, boots and slippers you need \u2014 who knows, you may be the first to get in on upcoming viral moments to come! lindsey dicola, senior director of global brand communications, lays out the must have styles that have flown under the radar for far too long, plus highlights other hidden gems like ugg clothes and more. \u201coriginally known for the iconic classic boot and now an expansive assortment of footwear and apparel, ugg is really an emotional brand because of how good it makes you feel \u2013inside and out,\u201d dicola said. \u201cwe always hear people\u2019s personal stories about their first experience with ugg and what the brand means to them today\u2013 it\u2019s really special that ugg has that connection with consumers all over the world.\u201d. our personal story is that we\u2019ve seen uggs as a constant footwear trend since the beginning, with a few pairs in our own closet\u2019s, too. add some to yours, using the expert recommendations below, plus where to find classic styles that may be sold out elsewhere. no, these aren\u2019t the platforms that are sold out everywhere\u2026 these could be even cuter! this style includes a fun stripe of braided detail, and comes in chestnut, black and burnt olive on-site now. \u201cwe recently introduced a new platform style \u2014 the classic ultra mini braid platform boot which incorporates our signature ugg braid pattern and oversized stitch detail,\u201d said dicola. \u201ci am particularly fond of the new adiroam winter boot. it\u2019s a new fashion-focused spin on our adirondack all-weather boot, but modernized with an exaggerated, maximalist outsole,\u201d said dicola. \u201cwith snowfall just around the corner in new york city, it\u2019s waterproof and cold-weather-rated to withstand temperatures as low as -32\u02dac. also lined with cloud-like sheepskin for signature softness, this winter warrior is must have.\u201d. hike over to the ugg site now and find the boots sold in black and chestnut, while sizes and supplies last. treat your feet to some sugar, and also make the planet a sweeter place with these plant-based ugg slippers. they are now on site in natural (pictured above) and black. \u201ci love the fuzz sugar slide, which is a responsible choice, made with plant-based materials,\u201d dicola said. \u201cthis indoor-outdoor slipper style adapts the iconic look and feel of ugg with a soft plush upper made with tencel lyocell sourced from responsibly harvested trees.\u201d. ready to let the dogs out? now you are, when you have these sandals around. this model currently comes in chestnut, burnt olive and black. \u201cnew this year, the goldenstar heritage braid adapts all you know and love from our classic boots, including velvety suede and the recognizable chestnut colorway, with the heritage ugg braid seen across many styles. i\u2019m looking forward to spring when i can break these out,\u201d said dicola. did you really thing ugg was only for your feet? not anymore, with designer feng chen wang and this amazing coat. the sleeves, aside from being stunning, are also removable, turning the coat into a vest and one piece into two looks. \u201cour apparel collection is not as well known as our ugg footwear, yet, but just as essential. this month we released a collaboration with esteemed designer feng chen wang which includes some amazing apparel pieces, including the ugg x feng chen wang short jacket. i love the use of mixed materials and removable sleeves so it can be worn as a vest or jacket.\u201d. these boots are some of the hardest to come by right now, so if out of stock, be sure to bookmark this page for later and check back often, at the retailers below as well as on ugg\u2019s site. the mid-level uggs are a lot easier to find, and thank goodness because they are a staple for every outfit come wintertime. the boots can be found at a number of retailers, with a whole range of colors from black and chestnut to horizon pink and tomatillo. this list wouldn\u2019t be complete without the tall boots that started my own obsession with ugg and most likely yours, too. the tall ii is a great winter boot, protecting your ankles and calves from the snow and rain. they currently come in a range of their classic colors like grey, chestnut, black and more. full disclosure, i bought these slippers with my own money in a shocking chartreuse color and i wear them every day. the fluff yeah slippers come in far more colors, and less neon, each with a stretchy sling back strap that keeps the shoe firmly on the feet. check out\u00a0new york post shopping\u00a0for more content. the return of the ugg, episode 2023. this post may contain affiliate links, which means we may receive a commission if you purchase through our links. please read our full disclosure here. this post will show you how to wear and style your uggs in 2023. icymi, uggs are back \u00e2\u0080\u0094 big time. the shearling boots that had taken a backseat to edgier boot styles have made a massive comeback in recent years (read: quarantine in 2020 when comfy styles took center stage in our lives). but even when we all started venturing outside again, uggs continued to be a staple in our wardrobes \u00e2\u0080\u0094 because why should we give up these undeniably cozy shoes just because we aren\u2019t stuck at home anymore? fashionistas, influencers, and celebrities like elsa hosk, keke palmer, kendall jenner, and kaia gerber (among many others) have been spotted rocking their ugg boots and slippers with seriously stylish outfits, proving that you can balance comfort with style. and it\u2019s impossible not to scroll on tiktok without coming across a \u201cthat girl\u201d video featuring the classic ultra mini uggs during the fall and winter! they are a staple shoe perfect for running errands, school, hanging out with friends, and everything in between \u00e2\u0080\u0094 including taking trendy #ootd pics. but i probably don\u2019t have to convince you why uggs are a modern-day must-have. instead, i\u2019m going to give you 10+ fashionable outfit ideas with uggs, so that you have plenty of fresh styling inspo for your uggs in 2023. these outfits incorporate the season\u2019s top ugg styles, including the classic ultra mini boots, the classic ultra mini platform boots, and the tazz slippers, so you\u2019ll be covered with whatever style(s) you own. so without further ado, read on to learn how to wear uggs in 2023, and get ready to feel ultra-cozy while looking super stylish. products: sweater, jeans, earrings, ugg boots. arguably the hottest uggs of 2023? the ugg classic ultra mini boots, which are highly sought-after and often hard to find in stock \u00e2\u0080\u0094 they\u2019re almost always sold out! if you\u2019ve been lucky enough to snag this viral pair of uggs, you know that the ultra-short shaft height makes them ideal for wearing with jeans, especially baggy and straight-leg styles. for a cute, put-together look, wear your ugg classic ultra mini boots with some mid-rise straight-leg jeans and a slouchy knit. sweaters with zip-up funnel necks are a major trend right now, and this cream quarter-zip sweater is both cozy and stylish. a pair of small, chunky hoop earrings can instantly elevate any outfit and make it look that much more put-together; since the sweater\u2019s zipper is silver, i opted for a silver pair of hoops (is anyone else weirdly particular about matching their metals like i am?) to match. products: onesie, pullover, socks, hair clip, ugg boots. one of the cutest and comfiest ways to wear your uggs is with athleisure looks. can you name a better combo than leggings and uggs?! it\u2019s forever been the go-to. if you want to step it up a notch for 2023 and look super on-trend, swap out your leggings for a onesie. this sleeveless jumpsuit is basically like wearing full-body leggings and makes getting dressed a no-brainer since you won\u2019t have to worry about picking out a top. it\u2019s truly a one-and-done! since it is winter, you can wear a sweatshirt, bolero, or sherpa pullover on top to keep warm. i love the black and white print on this fuzzy sherpa pullover with a stylish half-zip design \u00e2\u0080\u0094 it looks as warm and cozy as the ugg classic ultra mini boots. the key to nailing the athleisure vibe with uggs is to wear a pair of crew socks that comes up above your uggs and over your leggings or onesie. this white pair of ribbed crew socks will help you achieve the look loved by models off-duty like kendall jenner and kaia gerber, who often style their uggs this way. don\u2019t forget to wear a hair claw clip, which is as practical as it is cute. products: pants, cardigan, necklace, tote bag, ugg boots. uggs are one of the best footwear options for school, especially when you are running late for your 8 a.m. class and need to get out the door as quickly as possible! obviously, you could wear any of these outfit ideas to class, but this look, in particular, would be perfect for school (8 a.m. class or not). cargo pants are a major trend currently, and these twill cargo pants with a relaxed fit would look adorable with some ugg classic ultra mini boots for a laid-back vibe. match the gray uggs to this rib knit gray button-front cardigan that can be worn alone or over another top. this cardigan\u2019s shorter length works well with the high rise of the cargo pants. carry your books and school necessities in an eye-catching graphic print tote bag; this tote promotes \u201cgood vibes\u201d and fits with the outfit\u2019s neutral color scheme. a dainty layered gold necklace will make you look extra put-together and adds the perfect amount of shine to the look. products: trench coat, sweatshirt, jeans, sunglasses, socks, ugg boots. channel your inner fashion influencer by styling your ugg classic ultra mini boots with a classically chic trench coat. this unexpected combination looks super fashion-forward for 2023 and perfectly balances comfort with style. this outfit is also a great way to wear your college gear in a non-basic way. suddenly, your printed college sweatshirt looks elevated when styled with a classic trench coat and some dark wash straight-leg ankle jeans. since the jeans cut off at the ankle, you can either wear your ultra mini uggs alone, or throw on some collegiate striped chunky knit socks for added flair (and warmth). complete the ensemble with some brown tortoise aviator sunglasses for a vintage vibe that looks amazing with the trench. products: sweater, skirt, socks, ugg boots. one of the other must-have ugg styles for 2023 is the ugg classic ultra mini platform boot. the platform (slash flatform) heel makes these boots stand out and gives them a retro feel, and they\u2019ve been spotted on the likes of keke palmer, gigi hadid, and bella hadid, in case you needed more proof of the shoes\u2019 trend appeal. take a page from bella\u2019s style book by styling your platform uggs with high, slouchy ribbed crew socks, similar to leg warmers. these work especially well with a preppy-inspired look featuring a plaid box pleat mini skirt with a modern asymmetric waistband and a slouchy, oversized wool-blend crewneck sweater. layer on some cool jewelry, and you\u2019ll be ready to join the cast of hbo max\u2019s gossip girl \u00e2\u0080\u0094 this outfit will have you fit right in on the met steps. products: blazer, jeans, earrings, ugg slippers. supermodel (and one of my top style inspirations) elsa hosk rocked the fashion world when she wore the ugg tazz platform slippers out with an oversized blazer and white denim. suddenly, it was not only acceptable to wear slippers out and about, but they actually looked so cool. this was only emphasized by gigi hadid, who wore the same slippers non-stop during paris fashion week, with baggy jeans, sweatpants, and more. so, rather than relegate your ugg slippers to your home or dorm room only, wear them out for an ultra-trendy and supermodel-approved look. the contrast of a structured, oversized blazer with the casual slippers, along with some \u201990s style loose-fitting jeans, creates a fashion-forward effect. this combo can be worn with a plain t-shirt, graphic print t-shirt, or slouchy sweater \u00e2\u0080\u0094 whatever you\u2019d like. just be sure to add some sleek jewelry, like a pair of gold carabiner hoop earrings, to bring it all together. products: sherpa jacket, hat, flared leggings, belt bag, ugg boots. before the ugg ultra minis, there were the ugg minis. this classic short boot is still a fabulous option, and honestly, these will keep your ankles warmer than the ultra minis will. flared leggings have had a similar comeback to uggs, and they pair perfectly together for the ultimate cozy vibe. wear a fun, printed sherpa zip-up jacket, which adds personality to the outfit while helping to keep you warm. since this sherpa is black and white, add a pop of color with a bright beanie hat, like this green ribbed knit beanie. a belt bag like lululemon\u2019s \u201ceverywhere\u201d bag fits the relaxed feel of this outfit while also being super convenient when you\u2019re on the go (it\u2019s a hot girl walk essential). products: sweatshirt, sweatpants, hat, ugg boots. wearing loungewear with your ugg boots is an obvious choice, but there\u2019s no reason you still can\u2019t look cute and put-together in your sweats! opt for a matching sweat set featuring a sweatshirt and coordinating sweatpants to wear with your ugg classic mini ii boots. i adore the bright blue hue that this \u201cgood feels club\u201d embroidered crewneck and joggers have, which is a total mood booster (even in the dreary wintertime). this set, paired with your uggs, will keep you comfy and cozy. don\u2019t forget a knit beanie hat for extra warmth (and cuteness), like this ribbed faux fur pom beanie hat to complete the outfit. products: jacket, leggings, earmuffs, socks, ugg boots. looking for a cute outfit to wear when it is snowing outside? i would recommend ugg\u2019s adirondack iii boots (which are waterproof) or, for lighter winter weather conditions, the sunburst mini boots. while they aren\u2019t waterproof, these are much sturdier than your regular ugg boots, with a thicker rubber outsole that provides more traction. keep warm in some fleece-lined leggings and a trendy puffer jacket like this, which features high-shine fabric and a short length. it is wind- and water-resistant and it even has fleece-lined pockets to keep your hands warm if you\u2019ve forgotten your gloves. though these boots are lined with sheepskin, you can keep your feet extra toasty with a pair of insulating wool-tech crew socks. plus, these socks will add extra trend appeal to the outfit, since wearing high socks with uggs is totally the move in 2023. for a final trendy touch, wear some faux fur earmuffs that will keep your ears warm while also looking adorable. products: jacket, jeans, hat, ugg boots. another great ugg option for wintertime is the highland hi heritage sneaker, which looks similar to a lace-up hiker boot but with a lightweight sole and a sporty, winterized feel. bundle up in a high-pile fleece puffer jacket that looks similar to ugg\u2019s signature sheepskin for a cohesive look that is seriously on-trend, too. shearling and sherpa detailing are key trends this season you\u2019ll want to incorporate into your winter outfits for a stylish vibe. bring the ensemble together with dark wash straight-leg jeans and a playful beanie hat; this olive green beanie features embroidery that says \u201chappy to be here\u201d with a cute smiley face. need some more outfit inspo for how to style your ugg boots? check out some of our favorite looks from fashion influencers for more ways on how to wear your uggs in 2023. a post shared by phoebe gore | daily outfits (@pheebslfashion). give your ugg ultra mini boots an edgy vibe by styling them with a moto jacket like @pheebslfashion did. she transformed her basic black leggings and gray zip-up hoodie into a full *lewk* by adding a boxy faux leather moto jacket and ultra mini uggs with high crew socks. pheobe also added stylish accessories like trendy sunglasses and a designer purse to elevate her laid-back outfit. a post shared by molly-mae hague (@mollymae). go for a cozy cool look by wearing a moto-style sherpa vest with your uggs. molly-mae hague styled her ugg tazz slippers with an oversized sherpa moto vest, cream-colored hoodie, and relaxed-fitting jeans with slits at the hems \u00e2\u0080\u0094 perfect for showing off her platform slippers, of course! suddenly, jeans and a sweatshirt look more stylish than ever. a post shared by victoria xenia quitzau (@victoriaquitzau). aviator jackets \u00e2\u0080\u0094 leather or suede jackets with shearling or sherpa lining and moto details \u00e2\u0080\u0094 are a significant trend this season, and they pair perfectly with uggs. take a cue from @victoriaquitzau, who wore her uggs with rigid straight-leg jeans, a brown aviator jacket, and a knit beanie hat for a cozy-meets-chic look. a post shared by elianna (@eliannaarvizu). camouflage pants were one of 2022\u2019s most unexpected fashion trends, and they\u2019re still a major player for 2023 \u00e2\u0080\u0094 especially when paired with ugg boots. influencer @eliannaarvizu wore her classic ugg boots with some oversized camo pants, a simple white t-shirt, and an oversized leather jacket for a cool street style-aesthetic look that was absolutely worth documenting for the \u2018gram. her layered necklaces and dark sunglasses also added to her trendy outfit. a post shared by emelie feola (@emeliefeola). yes, flared jeans look great with heels and ankle booties, but what shoes do you wear them with for the daytime? enter: ugg\u2019s platform boots. with their pumped-up platform heel, they\u2019ll give you the boost you need to wear your flares during the daytime minus \u201creal\u201d heels (since other shoe options like sneakers are too flat and will have your flares dragging on the ground). influencer @emeliefeola took advantage of her platform uggs\u2019 heel, styling them with loose-fitting flared jeans, a basic white crop top, and a faux sherpa aviator jacket (plus apple airpods max, which are a fashion accessory in themselves). a post shared by tomar thomas (@tomarthomas). i love how trouser pants have become a part of our casual wardrobes \u00e2\u0080\u0094 they\u2019re not just office attire anymore. trousers have a polished look but can be worn dressed-down with uggs; just look at @tomarthomas, who wore black trouser pants with side slits and platform ugg ultra mini boots. she made sure to match her sherpa aviator jacket to her chestnut-colored uggs for a cohesive look that is so chic and so #ootd-worthy. a post shared by olivia \u00e2\u009e\u00b0 (@_olhirst_). street style extraordinaire @_olhirst_ rocked her platform uggs with knit leg warmers, which are primed to be a trend for 2023. she showed off this cool combination with a leggy look featuring a pleated mini skirt, carhartt zip-up jacket, and a crochet crossbody bag for a super unique vibe. do you wear uggs? which outfit idea with uggs is your favorite? leave a comment and let us know! i have wide feet and uggs are my favorite they cradle my feet so comfy. i say uggs are the flip flop for winter. easy, cute-enough, and warm. could not agree more!! i have 3 pairs and growing to alot more. copyright \u00e2\u00a9 2007-2023 college fashion llc\nprivacy policy \u00e2\u0080\u00a2 terms of service. find the ugg (uk) store nearest you by using your devices location or entering your info below. provide your account email address to receive an email to reset your password. new to ugg rewards?\njoin now. * yes, i want to join the ugg rewards program. by joining ugg rewards, i verify that i am 13 years of age or older and i agree to the terms & condition and privacy policy. already a member?\nlog in. we earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article. the divisive shoe trend is back with a vengeance. along with crop tops, ultra-low-rise jeans and bejewelled, well, everything, ugg boots are an early 2000s trend which most were delighted to see the back of. that is, until they were suddenly everywhere again \u2013 on dua lipa, kendall jenner, kaia gerber, gigi hadid and what seems like half of the fashion world. and with the release of the funky california heritage collection, we're preparing ourselves for a season of seeing the new braided styles on all the most stylish feet around. unlike with other y2k revival brands such as juicy couture, ed hardy and hello kitty, it\u2019s not a hot new collaboration or design overhaul that has got the fashion world leaning into uggs this year. while last year\u2019s molly goddard x ugg flatforms had their deserved time in the limelight, and the fashion crowd went crazy for the silver piercing-covered styles at knwls' ss23 show, curiously enough, it is the classic chestnut bootie of yore that has come back with a vengeance \u2013 albeit with a few 2023-worthy updates. think mega flatform soles, mini below-the-ankle cuts, embroidered tasman slippers and new styles featuring cali-inspired statement braided details. originally worn by aussie surfers in the sixties before becoming the favourite shoe of young hollywood in the early noughties, the ugg is one of the most hotly debated, love-it-or-hate-it shoes in recent history. but unlike its numerous \u2018ugly\u2019 shoe siblings (crocs, yeezys et al), it is not worn in a \u2018subversively cool\u2019 manner, nor to make a big style statement. its resurgence can\u2019t even simply be put down to nostalgia for all things y2k, one of the biggest trends to emerge from the ss22 and aw22 seasons. if anything, we\u2019d much prefer to keep memories of us rocking the ripped denim mini-skirt with knee-high uggs (top rolled down) look safely locked away until the end of time, thank you very much. no, it\u2019s definitely not about \u2018fashion\u2019 in that sense. this new-found obsession with uggs is, in fact, all about comfort \u2013 and more specifically, sartorial defiance in the face of being told constantly that this is the time that we should be \u2018going out-out\u2019 and \u2018dressing up-up\u2019. in contrast, we\u2019re still struggling to drag ourselves away from the comfy loungewear and fluffy slippers that have kept us safe and cosy at home for the past two years. of course, dressing up when we\u2019ve only been able to dress down for as far as we can remember has its appeal \u2013 nothing can make you feel quite as fabulous as a great party dress and sky-high heels. but the rest of the time? since wfh made slouchy, laid-back cali cool a look we can actually and acceptably emulate on a daily basis, we\u2019re not about to give that up anytime soon. and as demonstrated by the slew of off-duty models and style stars taking their favourite sheepskin boots for a real-world spin lately, it is clear that uggs are an essential part of the uniform. the only rules? save the sliders for home and keep outdoor uggs box-fresh at all times: brightly-coloured, plastic 'boot guards' are just \u00a335 and will help keep them pristine while looking cool at the same time. styling-wise, follow the hollywood crew's lead and pair with little white socks and elevated loungewear separates for off-duty days, while for the office, slip the flatforms on under a pair of loose tailored trousers or baggy jeans and keep your head held high. and, most importantly, enjoy every second of 2023\u2019s hottest shoe being one which was specifically designed for comfort and warmth \u2013 and feels like walking on a snuggly, sheepskin cloud. it\u2019s a sign of the times, and we\u2019re loving every second. just steer clear of the slightest hint of rain. how jeans became a pillar of the luxury market. 81 of the best ever celebrity engagement rings. swap out gold for silver jewellery this spring. the best fashion campaigns of winter 2023. why quiet luxury is louder than ever. three women on the wedding dress of their dreams. the 1970s fashions to wear in 2023 and beyond. the prettiest dresses of fashion week. the best bags from fashion week aw23. lfw aw23: drop waist trend. designers are shaking up fashion week. surrealism is back on the catwalk. elle, part of the hearst uk fashion & beauty network. every item on this page was chosen by an elle editor. we may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy. \u00a9hearst uk is the trading name of the national magazine company ltd, 30 panton street, leicester square, london, sw1y 4aj. registered in england. all rights reserved. looking back on the winter of the ultra mini. this fall, campbell puckett, an influencer based in atlanta, spent three weeks calling ugg stores across the country until she found a pair of the brand\u2019s ultra-mini platform boots in her size. \u201ci was even willing to go a size up or down to make it work,\u201d she says. after seeing the new style, which hits just above the ankle, on models bella hadid and elsa hosk in september, she had to have them for herself, she explains. but she was far from alone. after hadid wore the shoes, which cost $150, with scrunched-up white athletic socks and mini shorts while on a walk to get a slice of pizza one afternoon, searches for them increased by 152 percent, according to the brand. no stores could stock them fast enough. \u201csome people loved them, and some people hated them,\u201d puckett says. \u201cbut the people who wanted them really wanted them.\u201d. \u201cwe got calls all the time from customers, but we just didn\u2019t have enough product to meet the demand,\u201d tacey powers, nordstrom\u2019s executive vice president and general merchandise manager for shoes, says of the surge that season. the ultra mini was the retailer\u2019s top footwear style in q3 of 2022, and likely would have been for q4 as well, had there been any left on the shelves. around the holidays, when parents were particularly desperate for a pair, powers says she even got calls on her personal line from friends asking if she had an in. (she couldn\u2019t help them.). since ugg was founded 45 years ago in southern california, the brand has evolved from a surfer favorite to a household name and an unlikely part of fashion history. despite its most iconic style looking like a toasted loaf of bread, it has managed to remain relevant for so long by putting out products that are relatively affordable, extremely comfortable, and worn by just about every celebrity and influencer under the sun, from adam sandler to zendaya. while staying true to its original (and admirably odd) dna, the brand has also consistently evolved its offering with new styles and collaborations. the cropped, elevated ultra minis are a particularly smart combination of newness and nostalgia: they feel far enough away from the 2000s high-tops that the next generation can make them their own, while still being a throwback. their success marks the beginning of yet another wave of ugg mania. in 2000, uggs went from being those boots worn by surfers (and pamela anderson on baywatch) to a mainstream must-have. oprah declared the boots one of her favorite things, kicking off what many see as their heyday, when y2k icons like kate moss, sienna miller, paris hilton, britney spears, and countless others (including men like leonardo dicaprio) made you feel like you were missing out if you didn\u2019t have uggs in your closet. in 2003, the brand introduced sorbet colors, and oprah put them on her list again. that year, sales soared from $121 million to $214 million, and footwear news declared ugg the brand of the year. on celebrities, uggs look aspirationally casual, maybe even cool. (in the aughts, we\u2019d call this look a \u201chot mess.\u201d now it\u2019s more \u201cscumbro.\u201d) the fashion world also found a way to embrace them, sometimes ironically. the late vogue editor andr\u00e9 leon talley was a fan. in 2009, the brand collaborated with jimmy choo, followed by swarovski and then the launch of ugg collection, its \u201chigh fashion\u201d line, which included heels. nordstrom has been an ugg retailer for over a decade. powers says that when they started working together, the shoes were so popular that the store even had a dedicated ugg hotline. in 2012, things took a slight turn. sales for deckers, the brand\u2019s parent company, dropped 31 percent, and uggs were finally declared \u201cover.\u201d (that doesn't mean they disappeared entirely, though: powers says sales have remained consistent at nordstrom, spiking whenever a new look is introduced.) by then, the boots were a reminder of a time many perhaps wanted to forget. some also considered them \u201cbasic\u201d\u2014a word that entered the lexicon around 2014 to describe a preference for things that were arguably too obvious. by 2015, though, uggs had already been resurrected. vogue declared \u201cthe return of the ugg boot,\u201d along with a \u201cbohemian spirit\u201d in general that year, suggesting readers style the boots with fishnets, vintage dresses, and chunky knits. the fashion media has been saying \u201cuggs are back\u201d pretty much ever since, as the brand has introduced new styles and celebrity ambassadors and collaborated with designers like molly goddard and telfar. this moment feels different, though. uggs aren\u2019t just a staple or a fun, ironic accessory; they\u2019re the thing the next generation of paris hiltons feels like they will die if they don\u2019t have. and yes, many of the new fans are discovering the shoes for the first time. on tiktok, where the brand\u2019s account has amassed some three million likes, you\u2019ll find videos of people cutting their high-top uggs with scissors to make them into mangled ultra minis. it\u2019s a level of ugg passion that we arguably haven\u2019t seen in years, since the early 2000s. last quarter, the fashion search engine lyst named ugg one of the top 20 brands for the first time since the index was created in 2017, up there with names like gucci and prada. \u201cour classic mini boots have been in the line as a fan favorite for quite some time, and when the classic ultra-mini boot was introduced in 2020, it became just as covetable\u2014especially in our iconic chestnut colorway,\u201d says anne spangenberg, president of ugg & koolaburra by ugg at deckers. so excitement had been building for some time, and when the brand introduced platforms for the first time this fall, they instantly went viral. how could such a slight variation in silhouette suddenly have such a huge impact? for starters, there\u2019s her impact. (her being bella hadid, of course.) the model\u2019s dollar-slice outfit instantly went down in the uggs hall of fame, next to paris hilton\u2019s juicy tracksuits and ashley tisdale\u2019s denim miniskirt. it reminded us that uggs aren\u2019t just a way to comfortably run to the corner store for a snack; they can be a part of your personal style as well. \u201cas a true and longtime fan of uggs, i have found myself reintroducing and suggesting them in most of my clients\u2019 wardrobes,\u201d says stylist mimi cuttrell, who works with gigi hadid and ariana grande. \u201cgenerally, i have stayed away from styling them with anything too formal, but in some cases that contrast really works. wearing them underneath a tailored suit, or jeans and a long coat, is the direction i would normally take.\u201d. because of their height, the minis can more easily be styled with jeans or pants and offer more to work with in terms of sock choice. they also have what i\u2019d like to call the candlestick effect, in that they make any wearer look like they have legs for days\u2014especially the platforms, which, in addition to height, provide slightly more edge, like a cozy doc marten boot. you can wear these new styles to the deli, to drinks, and even to the office. after so much time spent barefoot or in slippers working from home, uggs feel like a socially acceptable alternative to hard shoes post-lockdown. at social & co, a social-media company based in durham, england, one employee named emily young looked around one day this fall to find herself surrounded by coworkers wearing mini uggs. \u201cit started with a couple of girls wearing them while others waited for the restock, and then it just got to the point where we all had them at the same time,\u201d she recalls. \u201cit became like a cult.\u201d. \u201cwe\u2019re all in our 20s, so we jump on each other\u2019s hypes,\u201d young says. \u201cas soon as one person has one thing, in a couple of weeks everyone will have it.\u201d it got to the point where around seven or eight women in an office of 30 had them on at the same time. but she also adds that uggs weren\u2019t so popular in the office before people started working from home. \u201cthe pandemic definitely had an impact,\u201d she says. \u201cit\u2019s like wearing slippers to the office.\u201d. so the uggs-aissance can be chalked up to a combination of more casual dress codes, a y2k revival, new york becoming los angeles, and the power of social media to convince everyone that they need to do the same thing. it\u2019s also true that people keep coming back to the brand because, unlike much else in life, it is reliable. despite inflation, uggs remain relatively affordable. like with birkenstocks and adidas sambas, customers can also trust that when they put on a pair, they\u2019re going to feel like they always have, which is to say: really, really good. and then they\u2019ll likely never want to take them off. that said, what goes up must come down. \u201cafter that one day in the office, i think we were like, oh, maybe we should pull back a bit. this has gotten a bit ridiculous,\u201d young says of the trend\u2019s inevitable tipping point. \u201cso there has been a little bit of a drop-off. but people have gotten new styles. a few of the girls have black ones, so they\u2019re a bit more discreet. a couple of others have the platforms. they definitely still get worn a lot.\u201d. emilia petrarca is a new york-based writer covering fashion, beauty, culture, travel, and design. her work can be seen in new york magazine, the new york times, the wall street journal, and more. she also started the @sopranosstyle instagram account and took that viral video of larry david at new york fashion week. white sneakers will never go out of style. a guide to wearing sheer clothes irl. the case for wearing tights instead of pants. the 19 best cover-ups for swimsuit season. 14 weekender bags to tote on your summer getaways. 25 high-waisted swimsuits to wear all summer. 65 father's day gifts from amazon he'll love. this is summer 2023's must-have shoe. this easy staple will replace your denim shorts. nice saves: 12 must-have items on sale this week. 15 suit sets for a power dressing moment. 10 silk bedding sets for more luxurious sleep. a part of hearst digital media. every product on this page was chosen by a harper's bazaar editor. we may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. funnily enough, ugg australia classic boot has become an american staple. not my favourite to be honest but ugg boots are admittedly comfortable and durable. known for their warmth and easy attitude, ugg\u2019s are presented as one of the most cozy and snug boots your feet will ever encounter. a trademark round toe, sheepskin upper and lining wick moisture away, keeping feet dry and comfortable in this stylish winter boot. eva outsole offers lightweight comfort. the only bug is that they are available in whole sizes only. this pull-on boot is perfect for the cold seasons to come. do not miss out on uggs! from the ugg\u2019s variety of choice you can pick a fancy pair from classic shearling boots, classic cardy (a crochet boot), cuff boots and many more. a very interesting option is women\u2019s kaia \u2013 the classic ugg\u2019s with a glamorous jimmy choo twist of leopard lamb suede print with grommet and domed studs in an antique finish. it costs $595 but i think it\u2019s worth it. who\u2019s wearing ugg\u2019s then? a-listers like jennifer aniston and lindsay lohan chose classic ugg\u2019s while eva longoria and kate moss prefered the ones with the exposed sheepskin. this year uggs came up with many new styles that make them one of the most common fashion choices among celebrities such as kendal jenner, hailey bieber, bella hadid, gigi hadid, and many others. besides keeping your feet warm, they are also amazingly cute, trendy, and versatile, but more importantly, they are incredibly comfortable to wear. you can wear them with jeans, leggings, sweatpants, skirts, dresses, and whatnot. don\u2019t fear to be creative with your trendy uggs. style them however you like because uggs are not only back, but they are a winter 2022-2023 must-have item for your collection. enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. fashion allure is a fashion blog. we comment on the latest fashion trends in beauty, celebrity style, clothing and accessories, especially shoes and bags. @ 2022 elated themes. all rights reserved. purewow editors select every item that appears on this page, and the company may earn compensation through affiliate links within the story. you can learn more about that process here. look, we know that ugg boots, or at least the classic short booties we all wore in the early aughts, don\u2019t necessarily have a reputation as the most fashionable shoes. but there\u2019s no denying they\u2019re just about the comfiest, coziest things we\u2019ve ever put on our feet. and in recent months, we\u2019ve suddenly started seeing the chunky australian style on inarguably stylish celebs like hailey bieber, jennifer lopez, emily ratajkowski, katie holmes and even rihanna. so we set out to find the absolute best ways to wear our beloved y2k-era classic short ugg boots in 2023 to look cool, chic and not like we just walked out of the mall, orange julius in hand. thanks to the help of stylist, meg gallagher, we now feel fully prepared to rock our shearling-lined booties like the fashionable adults we are. how to clean uggs: 5 easy methods to keep your boots looking as good as new. monochrome outfits are a fabulously easy way to look incredibly posh with minimal effort. and in the case of ugg booties, a single-color \u2018fit can help elevate the casual footwear, especially if you opt for classically elegant silhouettes. think long wool coats, straight or wide-leg trousers, tailored button-up blouses, etc. \u201ca monochromatic look exudes luxury and elegance, even when styled with a traditionally casual boot silhouette,\u201d says gallagher. \u201cthe head-to-toe color is flattering and elongating, whether you choose all gray, black, navy or ivory.\u201d. shop similar styles: ugg classic short boots ($170); theory belted wool coat ($795; $477); jenni kayne cashmere cocoon cardigan ($445); everlane long-sleeve tee ($40); agolde \u201890s pinch waist jeans ($178); cuyana small tote bag ($288). despite the protests of gen z, skinny jeans are still a staple in many of our wardrobes. however, the combination of ugg boots and skinny jeans is one best left in the past for now. \u201cwhether your denim is cropped or puddles on top of your boot, wide-leg stylesover top of your uggs is the way to go,\u201d advises gallagher. we would add that clean washes with no distressing (save maybe a raw hem) are also better than acid wash or holey knees for ensuring you look chic and put together. shop similar styles: ugg classic short boots ($170); asos faux-leather patchwork jacket ($108); madewell northside t-shirt ($19); ae baggy straight jeans ($50; $30). \u201ctraditional sweatpants or matching sweatsuits paired with uggs still reign as a casual fit for every day,\u201d gallagher tells us. \u201cadding an oversize, structured coat and handle bag elevate this outfit from sloppy to fabulous.\u201d you can also swap your gray, cotton sweatshirt for a simple cashmere pullover for a bonus dose of luxury. shop similar styles: ugg classic short boots ($170); reformation downing coat ($368); everlane alpaca turtleneck sweater ($175); buck mason vintage interloop sweatpants ($85); lesportsac small hobo bag ($95). \u201csuede uggs are a natural complement to soft sweater dresses, whether you prefer maxi or mini lengths,\u201d says gallagher. \u201cthe addition of a leather jacket and jumbo scarf take this look to another level in term of layering textures and proportions. and don\u2019t forget the tights!\u201d. shop similar styles: ugg classic short boots ($170); dissh ada knit dress ($160); steve madden quinn faux-leather jacket ($139); asos extra-long scarf ($22). leggings and uggs\u2014two of the comfiest wardrobe staples\u2014are still a great weekend-ready pairing, so long as you finish the look with the right 2023-approved pieces. \u201cstyling neutral colored fitness wear with a double-breasted topcoat, scrunch socks and stylish accessories keep this pre-/post-workout look feeling fresh and sharp,\u201d says gallagher. so go ahead and swap that belt bag for a leather crossbody and your puffer for a long, wool coat instead. shop similar styles: ugg classic short boots ($170); maje double-face coat ($795; $398); athleta get set sweatshirt ($109); alo airbrush leggings ($98); tory burch mcgraw camera bag ($298). i\u2019m a millennial addicted to skinny jeans. here\u2019s how i make them look cool & modern. want to know which buzzy products are *really* worth buying? sign up for our shopping newsletter to uncover our favorite finds. love them or hate them, there are few shoes as emblematic of the 2000s as ugg boots. that sentence alone may have conjured an image of paris hilton and nicole richie wearing their uggs with low-rise juicy couture velour tracksuits and massive sunglasses. ugg boots, the world\u2019s famous sheepskin boots, are making a major comeback in the fashion scene with the re-emergence of y2k trends (credit: eqroy / shutterstock). ugg boots definitely have a nostalgic feel to them, but are they truly a relic of the past? fashion is cyclical, and y2k trends have made a comeback in recent years. discover the potentially shocking answer below as we discuss the relevance of ugg boots for 2023. call it perfect timing or the perfect storm, but as we enter 2023 it looks like uggs are definitely back. we\u2019re in the peak of the \u201cugly shoe\u201d era, and y2k trends are reigning supreme in the fashion world. now that birkenstocks and crocs have officially been deemed cool, it only makes sense that uggs are trending again. addison rae, sofia boutella, kaia gerber, and emily ratajkowski show different ways to wear ugg boots (credit: bauergriffin / jose perez / instarimages / cover images). the iconic (or infamous?) sheepskin boot has become an it girl shoe again. once a must-have for 2000s style icons like lindsay lohan and kate moss, uggs are now an off-duty staple of models like the hadid sisters, kendall jenner, hailey bieber, kaia gerber, and irina shayk. recent street style shots of these trendsetters have even caused ugg boots to sell out \u2013 the brand\u2019s classic ultra mini boot has joined many a fashion lover\u2019s wait list this fall. with their new a-list fanbase and impressive sales stats, it\u2019s clear to see that uggs have revived their former glory in the fashion world. what is it about ugg boots that the fashion world can\u2019t get enough of? they were a polarizing shoe even at the peak of their 2000s popularity. let\u2019s face it; the bulky design isn\u2019t exactly flattering. they may not be the prettiest shoes to look at, but uggs are undeniably comfortable and warm. many fans say that wearing uggs is like walking on a cloud. ugg boots are considered special because of their sheepskin outer layer and fleece lining that make them warm and comfy. distinguished by their sheepskin outer layer and fleece lining, uggs are definitely some of the best winter boots out there. their combination of materials keeps feet cozy while wicking moisture away. however, it\u2019s important to note that even though their primary purpose is keeping feet warm and dry, uggs are not actually waterproof. they are technically made of suede, so they shouldn\u2019t be treated as rain boots. uggs can be considered water resistant, but most manufacturers recommend treating them with a waterproofing spray for protection. the exact origins of ugg boots are unclear, but they can be traced back to australia and new zealand in the early 20th century. some believe they originated from the \u201cfug boots\u201d worn by royal air force pilots in wwi, while others think they come from australian sheepherders in the 1920s and 1930s. the first mention of the name ugg can be linked to frank mortel, an australian shoemaker who owned the blue mountains ugg boots of new south wales company in the 1930s. mortel\u2019s wife allegedly called the boots ugly, which is where the name is said to derive from. another australian, surfer shane stedman, claims that he invented the boot after trademarking the name ugh-boots in 1971. in 1978, australian surfer brian smith founded the ugg boot that we know today (credit: briansmithspeaker). the ugg brand that most people are familiar with today was created by yet another australian surfer, brian smith, in 1978. smith had moved to california and wanted to bring the quintessentially australian boots to american surfers. the cozy boots quickly gained traction in the californian surfing community throughout the \u201970s and \u201980s, becoming the go-to boot for warming up cold, numb feet. ugg boots remained a niche surfer style for a few decades, but their popularity surged in the 2000s after being spotted on hollywood starlets. ugg\u2019s collaboration with swarovski and jimmy choo cemented its status as fashion footwear. by the late 2000s, uggs officially made the transition from surfer boots to fashion shoes. the brand underwent a massive global expansion, opening boutiques in europe and asia. their fashion status was cemented after successful collaborations with jimmy choo and swarovski in 2009 and 2010. not a bad transformation for a self-proclaimed ugly shoe! so, how can you wear ugg boots without feeling dated? just stay far away from tracksuits and bootcut jeans! ugg has been expanding its collections in recent years, which means there are more designs to choose from than ever. look to the stars for inspiration and opt for newer, low-rise styles like the ugg mini, fluff yeah slides, classic mini platforms, and tazz mules rather than the old-school calf-length uggs. here are some celebrity-approved styling tricks for uggs in 2023:. take a leaf out of bella hadid and hailey bieber\u2019s books by making uggs even cozier with slouchy white socks. this look works best when you\u2019re styling uggs with short hemlines and bare legs \u2013 perfect for transitional times. 1. bdg urban outfitters national park crop graphic tee, $39 at nordstrom; 2. all access run shorts, $78 at shopbop; 3. ugg classic ultra mini, $139.95 at zappos; 4. american made store heavy slouch cotton socks, $10.99 on amazon. most people wore beige uggs in the 2000s, so choosing a colorful variety makes them look fresh in the 2020s. could you have guessed hailey bieber\u2019s periwinkle blue slides were uggs? nowadays, uggs are available in a wide variety of colors, from soft pastels to more vibrant shades and alternative neutrals \u2013 the sage green looks very chic! you can find several eye-catching uggs at zappos. 1. ugg fluff yeah slide, $109.95; 2.ugg mini bailey bow ii, $159.95; 3. ugg disco cross slide, $119.95; 4. ugg classic ultra mini, $139.95. influencers and celebrities are big fans of using uggs to create a high-low feel. while uggs were treated as purely casual shoes in the 2000s, modern ones are being used to dress down formal pieces like blazers, suits, and tailored jackets. you can mix and match your look with other casual pieces like hoodies and jeans. 1. yves saint laurent double-breasted wool blazer minidress, $3,590 at nordstrom; 2. eurosock slam cool crew socks, $33 at zappos; 3. ugg fluff yeah slingback sandal, $139 at farfetch; 4. wardrobe.nyc hb knit sweater, $1,200 at shopbop; 5. victoria beckham alina wide-leg jeans, $490 at mytheresa; 6. ugg classic mini, $149.95 at zappos. we\u2019ve all pretty much become experts in loungewear after the pandemic. uggs are excellent shoes to wear with cute knitted sets, whether it\u2019s a hoodie and wide-leg pants or a slouchy cardigan and midi skirt. 1. msgm logo-print drawstring hoodie, $265 at farfetch; 2. msgm embroidered logo sweatpants, $235 at farfetch; 3. ugg classic mini ii, $149.95 at zappos; 4. karen kane crewneck cable stitch sweater, $128 at nordstrom; 5. xirena sera tiered floral a-line skirt, $340 at saks fifth avenue; 6. ugg classic mini ii, $149.95 at zappos. if you were always team ugg, we\u2019re sure you\u2019re rejoicing. for those on the fence, will you dare to wear uggs in 2023? do you love shoes? win free shoes, organize your shoe closet, see the latest styles + more. about\u2022\ncontact us\u2022\nadvertise \u2022\nprivacy policy. brands\u2022\ncelebrities\u2022\nstyles\u2022\nsubscribe\u2022\nshopping guide\u2022\nshoes accessories. the only people who make ugg boots are ugg.https://uggaustralia.com.au/ emu australia make an ugg boot. they are pricey but mine have lasted 15 years.  ugg boots to wear down to beach? guys i think we're being trolled. https://uggaustralia.com.authey are expensive but should hopefully last for years. i had a pair of slippers that lasted for 10 years or so.  this post has been marked as non-political. please respect this by keeping the discussion on topic, and devoid of any political material. *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/australia) if you have any questions or concerns.* bluesheep http://www.uggbootlady.com.au i got mine from blue mountains boots https://www.bluemountainsboots.com/catalogue/whole-boot-range/ ugg boots are slippers. wearing them outdoors is totally gross.  bindoon boots are great. made in australia. i went in and got my foot measured and they had them made up for me within a few days (i have big feet). i feel ugg about them ugg boots are made incredibly cheaply. shearling slippers are pretty great in general though.  i\u2019d also recommend shearling insoles for boots, just a really great upgrade form fitting and super comfy. do your research before you buy, most ugg boots you buy outside of australia are absolutely terrible and won't last long, buy from an australian company and get them shipped overseas, i highly recommend ugg since 1974 but there are loads of other australian made ones. lmfao, they were trendy from like 2005-2010 maybe? that\u2019s it if you're still in the beach towns of california, its really not necessary.  not made for any serious walking and more like a lounger imho. goral makes a boot called the muggs, or \u201cmanly uggs\u201din collaboration with rosexanvil ( a youtuber who\u2019s channel reviews the potential longevity of leather boots and shoes, amongst other things.) they look fantastic, and since they were made by goral they can be resoled for an increased life span of use. https://www.goral-shoes.co.uk/products/muggs-horween-black?variant=43920363487484 past 10 years? in the past 10 years uggs went from trendy to being universally made fun of as white sorority girl shoes. they were *actually* popular 15-20 years ago. at least where i live. i think i would agree. i got a pair secondhand and have had them for 3 years. i don't think there's any more damage than when i bought them. the big caveat though is \"if you treat them right.\" sometimes rain or snow is unexpected, and it sucks that the top and sides of the shoe are so vulnerable to water. mine are pretty blotchy and discolored in spots. but still extremely warm and with good tread, which is what they're for! hello /u/ladyhappy! thank you for your submission! the automod thought that your post might be a request type post and has changed the flair accordingly, but if this was wrong feel free to change it back!*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/buyitforlife) if you have any questions or concerns.* honestly i got a pair of knockoffs off amazon 8+ years ago and they\u2019re still kicking. they somehow magically still fit my feet after they went up a size due to pregnancy too. my \u201cgo to\u201d outfit is black pants and a solid color t-shirt with a neutral cardigan or a neutral sweater.my black pants are basically leggings. not workout style, but nice enough that i can wear to work (even though i wfh)and my sweaters/cardigans are always soft. even though i look put together enough, i\u2019m still super comfy actually, uggs are coming back. the short kind are super trendy right now source: i\u2019m a college student girl uggs have been making a comeback and leggings will always be in style\u2026athleisure is the new new since covid started\u2026also, wear whatever makes you feel comfortable, you shouldn\u2019t worry too much about looking \u201coutdated\u201d as long as your confident in what you\u2019re wearing, you\u2019re gonna rock it and everyone is going to think you look great, even if it\u2019s something silly.edit: watch a few fashion tik tok compilations on youtube, you\u2019ll definitely find some inspiration my go to is a flannel and leggings with a vest. pretty common out here in colorado lulu has a pair of pants that look more professional than jeans but are soooo comfy like leggings. i got mine secondhand so they don\u2019t have a tag but if i had to guess i would say they\u2019re the stretch high-rise pant! i guess am basic then \ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2640\ufe0f\ud83e\udd2d. i most wear these or matching sets but if am leaving the house to run errands it's yoga pants and an exercise top with jacket. my go to \u201cstylish but comfy\u201d fit is an oversized t-shirt over a turtleneck with loose jeans or sweats. or an oversized sweatshirt over turtleneck. i think we are wearing like wide leg or at least reg leg pants\u2026 demins\u2026. neutrals\u2026 natural fibers.\u2026 sweaters ( not oversized though, fitted ). some people are trying really hard to bring back overalls not sure about it though. also some how crop tops are in there somewhere. think like the 90s if were all about the color beige and natural fibers?also a beanie though i don\u2019t wear in the summer. with a few modifications you can still wear this!the baggy sweater or t shirt should end around the belly button or tuck in the back or front. yoga pants are still in (though flares are making a comeback) and short uggs are in. i've seen the suede birkenstock clogs with the fuzz inside all over tiktok but haven't seen them in person yet. most wear these with thick socks bunched the ankle. leather moccassins/loafers are coming back in as well.otherwise loose and faded wide or straight legged jeans (midsize is coming in now) that end at the ankle with a baggy cropped top (hits around belly button) or wear a tighter crop top and an oversized tee over it like a cardigan. i've seen the clogs with this on tiktok (not in real life but i'm watching this bc i love these clogs) but sneakers work well. uggs are back in style australian ugg boots are the fake brand, originally you couldn't trademark ugg in australia as it's a generic term referring to the style, so some cheeky american bastard claimed the name australian ugg from under the nose of the real company.original ugg boots, are the real deal, they have a factory outlet down near cheltenham can also try emu australia (based outside geelong) can be found number of places. https://uggaustralia.com.au/pages/melbourne-factory-shop i'm pretty sure the original ugg boot company whoever that is, never trademarked the name which is why so many businesses use that name. at least that's what i heard, best of luck finding the originals! braeside, question has been asked before. https://originaluggboots.com.au/ black sheep aust at eastland if you want to get amazing ones, look up jassi in denmark west australia. you send outlines of your feet to them and they make them just for you. hands down the best quality i've seen anywhere. check out [this company.](https://everythingaustralian.com.au/shop-by-brands/mozzie.html)i got mine from there. picked them up from the warehouse shop in moorabbin, and the staff were really good. got an australian made leather hat while i was there too. real ugg boots are bought out of the back of some dodgy looking van at a country market i didn\u2019t know anything about the whole ugg story until it was too late and i\u2019d already purchased what i thought was an original pair from this company https://theuggshop.com.au/?gclid=cj0kcqjwwfiabhc7arisagvcpe7vxhrgnul7tk2ezjeocl9xdmkkzpu7xb3eida8rz4kqwwbwy0zyncaav1yealw_wcbturns out they are a melbourne company but not original but i love my moccasins they served me well through this last winter.really good price to quality ratio too https://www.nytimes.com/2021/05/10/business/uggs-lawsuit-australia.htmlmight explain something. i need a new pair myself, just glued the sole back on for the umpteenth time and the inside is so compressed it's starting to feel like i'm walking on concrete.still, 15 years isn't to bad a run. i get mine from https://www.mortels.com.au/ whatever you do do not buy ugg brand boots.those fucking yanks stole our ip and decker owns that brand.however all sheepskin boots made in oz are ugg boots.i recommend brands blue mountains or mortels. mortels make great reinforced boots and blue mountain uggs are warm as.do not fall for imposters. buy australian. fuck you you thieving yankee bastards! my very first job was at [pacific sheepskin](http://pacificsheepskins.com.au/index.php?route=common/home). i worked my up from sweeping the floors to the lofty position of sole cutter. it taught me that in my future life of work, i wanted 3 things in a job;1. to sit down all day2. have air conditioning3. come home cleanthing that always got me was the extra qa we had to do for anything going to the american market - was leaps and bounds above the regular stuff. [blue mountains ugg boots](https://uggboots.com.au/) at faulconbridge in the blue mountains have been making ugg boots since the 1930's. family owned for 4 generations (since opening). believed to be the original manufacturers of ugg boots. highly recommended. mortels classic boots are made in the hunter valley (some of the \u201cfashion\u201d ones are made os) and are excellent. i have one pair for nearly ten years, and more importantly a three year old pair also holding up well. i was looking into them as well a couple months ago, there\u2019s even cheap knock offs from china that include the \u201caustralian made\u201d label in part of the knock off. got ours from https://uggaustralia.com.au/ if you want a good pair of boots like ugg boots that are australian made, buy a pair of emu boots.  i love mine. are you going to be using these indoors or outdoors? if outdoors, what kind of weather are you going to be using these shoes in? if you deal with snow or any bit of ice, i would not recommend uggs with the treadlite/foam sole. these have absolutely no traction. i don't have experience with the rubber-soled uggs, so can't comment on those i\u2019ve been seeing online that the mini or ultra-mini ones are trendy now, but where i live, everyone\u2019s just still wearing the classic short or tall ones. i vote for the classic short personally, i have them in black and brown! the expensive ones are made with actual wool and leather not plastic that has been made to look like wool and leather. i'd like to introduce you to an amazing piece of commentary on economics and the social condition. it's the samuel vimes 'boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness. https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/72745-the-reason-that-the-rich-were-so-rich-vimes-reasoned yes. cheap ones stink in about five minutes. good ones will last for years and years. if you\u2019re going to splurge, try to buy an actual australian small business ugg boot. the ugg boot company is american. yes. the more expensive ones will have wool not synthetic fibre and won't stink or go \"flat\" after ten minutes. from a similar post recently:i wanted to upgrade from cheap uggs to some decent ones. i\u2019ve now bought three pairs from [eddie at australian leather](https://www.australianleather.com.au). my wife and i can\u2019t recommend them enough, high quality, comfortable uggs.my first pair are still good 5 years later, and i brought a second pair this winter whilst i\u2019m working from hone.also, fuck decker (ugg australia) and their [lawsuit over other companies selling uggs.](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2021-05-05/trademark-battle-for-australian-ugg-boots-back-in-us-court/100114174) i have a pair that i bought nearly ten years ago, these could last me another 10 years. i sprayed them with scotch guard when i got them and did them again this year. suede is not waterproof so i try to keep them off dewy grass and definitely avoid going out in the rain in them. if i got a new pair of sweat shop kmart slippers every other year, that\u2019s $150. my real boots are made less 50km from where i live and cost $130.eta the slippers are $85 if going for an expensive kind, look for the ones where the insole can be removed. i buy a new, replacement insole every 12-18 months for my boots and it lets me get a lot of wear from one pair of boots.also, recommend owning an indoor pair and an outdoor pair. when the outdoor ones get too destroyed, rotate the indoor pair in as the new outdoor pair. i've had a pair from a store in denmark wa for about 10 years. they're amazing. you can trace an outline of your feet and send it to them and they custom make a pair for you. the company is called jassi when looking for ugg boots you are looking for a made in australia label. you feel a distinct difference in quality of the fleese especially if you wear them with bare feet. also i own 2 pairs that have little wear after 4 years you can try [mortals](http://www.mortels.com.au/shop/home.php), they still manufacture in australia using aussie sheepskin. if there is [that green triangle logo with a yellow kangaroo](http://www.australianmade.com.au/umbraco/imagegen.ashx?image=/media/22137/about-logo.jpg&width=300&height=300&constrain=true) attached to the ugg boots, it is sourced and manufactured in australia. they are usually ~$50 more expensive than the chinese-made ones, so whether to go for them is your choice./u/slowblowfuse is actually wrong on one point. although \"ugg\" is a trademark elsewhere in the world, in australia and new zealand it is not recognised as such. instead, \"ugg\" is categorised as a generic word, and any company manufacturing sheepskin boots can use it. not sue but i bought a pair from here a few months back. they are australian made.www.uggsavenue.com.au hey dude i received such good customer service from mortels that i feel i should recommend them. someone has provided a link for mortals below which is the store. they are awesome, comfy aussie uggs. never forget they were ours first and we make the best ones. peace out. aussie joke.how do you tell a new zealander in a shopping mall?he's the guy standing in front of the ugg boot shop with a hard on. :) even the ones you buy in australian stores in the middle of farming areas are made in china. pretty sure it's australian sheepskin, but i can't be sure. there is no real one as such, 'ugg boots' is just the generic name for a type of slipper.  a us company came along and tried to/did trademark the name 'ugg', but they are not 'genuine' because they aren't australian made from australian products.anything that is made in australia, from australian materials is about as genuine as you can get. i live in midland wa and here uggies are formal attire. (think redfern you eastern states piles of wombat snott.) be carefull that you only buy actual wool uggs. the inside pile of your genuine ugg should be looped and not loose like the fibre crap ones that rivers and kmart sell because your feet will start to stink. one night you will slip them off and get into bed. where your sense of smell will be assaulted by something. you will believe a kiwi snuck into your bedroom and left a dead fush under your pillow. never buy the cheap uggs.if you're a guy then you aren't allowed to wear knee high uggs unless you are transitioning. you must display your frozen shins as a warning to all other males to stay away from your patch. here in middo female winter erotic wear is knee high uggs, frozen thighs, ripped denim shorts and a sequined roxy hoody.  oh i forgot the muffin top but thats more of a rockingham beach trend.( i can't give you the eastern states equivalent of rocko because it only exists here.)seriously i have a pair of uggs i bought 5 years ago from jumbo ugg and they are really holding up well. pity they don't make steel capped ones in hi-vis for work. i buy all my ugg boots from mortel's  [https://www.mortels.com.au/](https://www.mortels.com.au/) .  good quality and often you can get boots made from offcuts so they're all different colours but are much cheaper. i'm a little biased because they're local to me and the hunter region, but mortels are amazing. they make them in house and even have a giant pair of uggs out the front of their factory, nothing more aussie than a big thing. i bought mine from eagle wools in freo (used to be in coogee, that\u2019s \u201ccoo-gee\u201d not cuji).i asked for them to sew on toe and heel re-inforcement and custom size and they were happy to do so. they are as comfy as you could wish for.also asked if i could get them re-soled when worn and they said that\u2019s not a problem either.i\u2019m looking forward to owning the same pair of uggies for the rest of my life, with new tyres now and then, and still supporting local manufacturers, albeit in a small way.. mortels in newcastle and blue mountains ugg boots (the little roadside place) are my go-to's.   fantastic thing is if your boots dont feel as 'fluffy' anymore, you can get slip-in uggboot soles to give them a refresh every year or so i just got a pair of ugg slippers from ausboots 1 week ago.  they seem like good quality and are very comfortable. canberra tannery makes some awesome uggboots. ive had mine for 5 years and wear them almost daily around the house. still in great condition. https://twosheep.com.au/these ones are made in dubbo nsw by residents/clients (?) of westhaven :) this post has been marked as non-political. please respect this by keeping the discussion on topic, and devoid of any political material. *i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/australia) if you have any questions or concerns.*"

----------

"versatility and utility are two crucial components of any wardrobe filled with men\u2019s style essentials, as we love to talk about at werd. after all, it\u2019s not as much fun to get dressed (and yes, it can definitely be fun!) if you\u2019re sifting through a closet packed with items that are just a bit too similar to each other. that certainly goes for your rotation of men\u2019s sweaters, especially when the best half and quarter-zip pullovers are yours for the taking. quarter and half-zip pullovers check a couple critical boxes in your fall and winter sweater game. the zip design is both a way to incorporate more cold-weather protection into your wardrobe, as they feature a taller design at the neck. the silhouette also functions as a unique layering piece, plain and simple. unlike, say, a crewneck sweater, a stylish quarter zip or half-zip sweater makes it easier to show off the buttondown shirt or henley you might be wearing underneath. the best half and quarter-zip sweaters are also a visually interesting, casual layering piece \u2013 feel free to wear one beneath anything and everything from a field jacket to a leather flight jacket for a touch of extra coverage and style. best of all is the fact that half and quarter-zip sweaters are both a performance-minded move as well as a stylish one. many are made out of soft cotton or cotton blends, but some incorporate moisture-wicking fabrics or soft fleece \u2013 we say avoid the sporty logos of athletic brands and instead look to trusted retailers to find a stylish pullover. these are our favorites at the moment. remember what we said about the right blend of performance and style?  relwen\u2019s rugged take on the quarter-zip nails that balance correctly, with stretch fabric and a tough, double-layer stand-up collar for plenty of added protection from the elements. leave it to heritage menswear purveyors flint and tinder, via huckberry, to deliver on an heirloom-quality zip sweater with all the right bells and whistles. the lambswool-nylon blend is sturdy yet stretchy, while the waxed cotton elbow patches are tough as can be. buck mason\u2019s quest to take over your wardrobe continues, with this suitably casual, well-made quarter zip. the brushed-back french terry cotton should prove super-soft, while the ribbed wrist cuffs and hem give it a feel similar to a more classed-up, cooler crewneck sweatshirt. bonus points for cool touches like a brushed nickel zipper and crisp color options. recall what we said about quarter and half-zip sweaters as a sort of performance and style hybrid? well, this everlane version, with moisture-wicking, anti-microbial merino fabric and a minimal look and feel, is a perfect example of how cool the style can get. sometimes, you just want a cozy sweater you can throw on and not think about too much, like a reliable fleece made in sustainable fashion. patagonia delivers on all fronts, and they\u2019ve even incorporated some eye-catching retro pattern options into the mix with this stylish quarter-zip, just like the old days. it doesn\u2019t get much more luxe than cashmere, which is ideal as a mid-layer or as a standalone sweater on breezy (but not insanely chilly) days. it also doesn\u2019t get much more accessible than this version from huckberry. you know that trusty sweater you keep close at hand for lounging by the fireplace? make sure it\u2019s as good as this l.l. bean number, which blends cotton with luxe cashmere for a premium, laidback winter style staple. all that\u2019s missing is a roaring fire and a fresh pot of coffee. if you\u2019re searching for a serious upgrade to your sweater rotation, it\u2019s best to look closely at what j.crew has in the works. cashmere is the way to go with this ultra-comfortable, super-soft, stylish half-zip sweater for men, especially in classic colors like navy. barbour has long specialized in making hard-wearing, road-ready waxed jackets, so it makes perfect sense that they\u2019d complement that approach with the perfect layering piece: a half-zip sweater. use the front-zip design as you please to get maximum coverage on the road. perhaps best known as both a heritage british retailer and the maker of james bond\u2019s favorite polo, sunspel offers a decidedly premium take on the quarter-zip sweater. merino wool should prove exceptionally comfortable whether layered over a cotton tee or sunspel\u2019s riviera polo. brushed cotton makes this quarter-zip pullover soft to the touch and ever-so-slightly breathable when worn atop a cotton ralph lauren tee or a lightweight flannel shirt. better still is the even-vented hem for a comfortable fit and ease of movement. some of the best, softest fabric on the market is a hallmark of new york\u2019s faherty, whether used in garment-dyed chinos, flannel shirts or this handsome quarter-zip sweater. the blend of cotton, nylon and other fibers makes this sweater warm, stretchy and durable, able to bounce back with ease after repeated wear. facebook\n\n\n\nshare\n\n\n\n\ntwitter\n\n\n\ntweet\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\npin\n\n\n\n\n\nflip. get the best gear, latest gadgets, menswear recommendations, new books & deals sent to your inbox. keep up on the latest gear and deals. up to 50% off + free logo & free shipping on $5,000+ orders*. up to 50% off + free logo & free shipping on $5,000+ orders*. there might not be a garment of clothing more fitting for the modern workplace than a custom quarter zip.\u00a0corporate logo-branded\u00a0quarter zips and custom pullovers truly are business casual embodied, especially when you add your embroidered company logo. that being said, with so many options it's hard to know which quarter zip sweaters are the best to promote your business. we've narrowed it down to ten of our favorite custom logo quarter zips! checking in at the top spot of our list is the iconic custom better sweater quarter zip from patagonia. these warm and cozy fleece pullovers are perfect for a chilly office or outdoors during the cooler months of the year. corporate branded patagonia better sweaters look fantastic with your custom embroidered logo showing your company's style and making them one of the most popular sweatshirts that we offer! the custom zusa influencer 1/4 zip might just be the softest and smoothest quarter zip on the market. it's made from moisture-wicking performance fabric with a dash of spandex for added stretch. plus, these are sustainably made quarter zips too! each influencer quarter zip is constructed using 36 recycled plastic bottles! the latest model in under armour's corporate hybrid collection lives up to the hype. these custom ua quarter zips are made with signature under armour coldgear technology to keep you warm and dry while remaining lightweight. you'll notice that the under armour logo is stitched on the sleeve of the garment too, leaving room for your company logo to shine. no list of personalized pullover would be complete without a mention of nike. as you may have guessed by the product name, these custom nike quarter zips stretch with your movements rather than constricting. the use of nike's signature dri-fit performance fabric makes all of this possible. this custom fleece quarter zip is the ultimate business casual layering option for the office and beyond. the zusa chilly fleece looks great at first glance, but the best part is actually hidden inside. on the interior you'll find incredibly soft and comfy brushed fleece that feels like a warm hug. it shouldn't come as a surprise that the north face, a brand respected for their outerwear, makes one of the best quarter zips around. these custom north face zip ups are warm, comfortable, stretchy, and look amazing with an embroidered corporate logo. plus, they've got quick-dry sleeves that are perfect for a weekend fishing trip! if you're not familiar with peter millar by now then you're missing out on some serious comfort. these men's custom peter millar quarter zips are made using super soft modal fabric and cotton for a level of softness that you'd have to feel to believe. just add your embroidered logo to make these custom pullovers the perfect addition to your corporate apparel collection. do you know the difference between fleece and microfleece? there's many different kinds of fleece, but custom patagonia microfleece is the thinnest and most flexible fleece of all. that's what makes these corporate patagonia micro d fleeces so special. you get the warmth of a traditional fleece without the added bulkiness! it's the best of both worlds. vineyard vines brings class and distinction to every garment they make, and these men's custom quarter zips are no exception. the collegiate shep quarter zip is made from 100% cotton that's garment washed for added softness. all that's missing now is your custom embroidered company logo! the quality and performance of these custom quarter zips make it easy to see why new balance is experiencing a reassurance as a brand. they're made from stretch performance fleece with an athletic cut, making them perfect for exercising outdoors in cooler temperatures. they're also ideal for the office when you add your embroidered logo to the chest or sleeve! \u00a92023 merchology.com all rights reserved. \u00a92023 merchology.com all rights reserved. 3000 niagara ln n plymouth, mn 55447. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. check out some of our favorite quarter zip golf tops that you can buy right now! best golf quarter zips. the golf quarter zip should be a staple clothing item in any golfer's wardrobe. delivering warmth, comfort and style, quarter zips can be worn all-year-round for any kind of temperatures. from those sub-zero days on the course, for that chilly twilight round in the spring; having a good quarter zip can help you both look good and feel good on the golf course. akin to some of the best golf tops (opens in new tab) or best golf sweaters (opens in new tab) most quarter zips are also versatile enough that they can be worn off the golf course in social settings, adding either a sporty or a smart look to any outfit. particularly in colder conditions though, these mid layers can deliver a very handy extra layer of warmth that'll keep you feeling comfortable on the course. additionally they also work well on those days when it is too hot for a thicker sweater, and too cold to just wear a polo. here at golf monthly, we've been lucky enough to test out a few of the best quarter zips on the market and in this guide we'll be bringing you a list of some of the top models you can buy right now. if you're in the market for some new warm golf gear though, you should also be sure to take a look at our guides on the best golf beanies (opens in new tab) and best golf base layers (opens in new tab). why you can trust golf monthly \n\n\nour expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. find out more about how we test. sizes: s-xxl\ncolors: 6 (black, gray, navy, petrol blue, blue, red). + supremely comfortable\n+ great styling\n- zip pocket difficult to open. this is easily one of under armour\u2019s most impressive and stylish products. the storm sweaterfleece offers up supreme comfort with a soft, stretchy fit in all areas that really is a joy to wear both on the course and away from it. once you try it on, you\u2019ll not want to take it off. it\u2019s packed with technology too - surprisingly it repels water, which you wouldn\u2019t think when you see it and put it on, considering the fabric material it's made of. we love the styling with the two-tone colorway and the zipped chest pocket is a very handy addition, although it is nigh-on impossible to open with one hand due to the material folding in on you. it also comes in five different colorways, so golfers who enjoy this can purchase multiple variants that all look great and different from each other. sizes: s-xxxl\ncolors: 4 (black, stormcloud, quarry, blue). + very warm and water resistant\n+ cool styling\n- no pockets. the marshall mid layer from ping will keep you nice and warm on all but the coldest days and it's also been engineered to be water resistant, too. the fit is perhaps on the snug side so if you like a looser-fitting garment then we\u2019d recommend sizing up. but on the whole it does fit well thanks to it's stretchy material which helps it feel very easy to flex in when hitting shots. the bottom cuff can be adjusted tighter around your waist, which is a nice touch. we also loved the texture of the polyester print and the added detailing around the wrists, which matches the zip and colors on the collar. overall, the marshall comes in four colors with black, gray and two blue options. there are no pockets to speak of unfortunately, one of the only real drawback of this excellent golf quarter zip . sizes: s-xxl\ncolors: 2 (navy, grey). + classic premium styling with a twist\n+ performance fabric offers warmth and is easy care\n- more color options would be welcome. g/fore is perhaps best known for its eye-catching designs with attitude and while this midlayer has a lot of style it\u2019s at the more understated end of the brand\u2019s collection and will appeal to a wider range of golfers. there\u2019s still touches of flair though - notably the brand\u2019s signature 'daytona' tricolor stripe details on the zippers and the rubberized circle gs logo on the neck. even though this is a low key design with some fantastic detailing that shows it's quality, it is an exceptional technical garment. the super stretchy material allows total freedom in your swing and it also offers a lot of warmth thanks to the luxurious \u2018mossed\u2019 interior. also worth highlighting is the perfect arm and body length. sizes: s-xxl\ncolors: 3 (yellow, red, purple). + extremely mobile\n+ surprisingly warm\n- no safe color options. if you\u2019re looking to stand out on the course this off-season while attempting to play your best, then look no further than the methis half zip. it comes in three bold color options but this top is by no means style and no substance. it\u2019s one of the most stretchy mid layers you\u2019ll ever try, which means it doesn\u2019t matter that the fit is more snug than most too. it really moves with you as you swing while keeping the majority of the cold temperatures at bay. on very chilly outings, you\u2019ll need to add a base layer or sweater but the methis combined with a polo shirt will suffice on most days. as well as being super stretchy, it\u2019s also very stylish. sizes:\u00a0s-xxl\ncolors:\u00a04 (dark navy, black heather, mazarine blue, dark lichen). + good thermal protection\n+ multiple color options\n- no side pockets. this sweater is packed with technology. it\u2019s extremely lightweight, yet a thermal layer helps keep you warm in testing conditions. it features opti-dri which is designed to wick away moisture to keep you dry and it also showcases callaway\u2019s swing tech which provides reduced restriction and extra stretch to allow you to swing freely. it's a stylish sweater with eye-catching heather stripe. the soft, thermal layer makes it very comfortable if you wear with just a polo, but room to move means it will also work well as a mid-layer with a base layer or lightweight sweater underneath. sizes: s-3xl\ncolors: 3 (black, french navy, slate grey). + breathable\n+ lightweight\n- not very fashionable for off course. stuburt continues to work to make its products more fashionable, and this mid-layer is no exception, with a contrast chest and back panel that gives the product an almost camo feel. the reflective stuburt badge is something that will not appeal to everyone, but it is a standout feature. this mid-layer is clearly a golf product and not one that you would think would be worn out to the pub. however it is a very solid performer, with thermal and windproof properties, and it easily fits over thin or thick polo shirts, while also being quite comfortable under a waterproof jacket. the price of the product is also one that will appeal to many. sizes: s-xxl\ncolors: 3 (grey/stone, charcoal/grey, navy/slate). + very lightweight\n+ moves in tune with the golf swing\n- would have to be worn with multiple layers on a cold day. this is a stylish, half-zip mid-layer which works well during the changing seasons. it is easily light enough to store in your golf bag without adding any real extra weight and the half zip design makes it easy to put on/take off during the round. we really liked the modern dotted styling which looks great in all three available color options. the grey and stone version (pictured here) works particularly well with navy trousers creating a smart, modern look for the course. sizes: s-2xl\ncolors: 1 (blue). + classic quarter zip but with an eye-catching print\n+ very versatile - looks great on and off course \n- skulls print design won't be for everyone. the perth quarter zip has been a stable best seller in the peter millar range for many years and is one of, if not the best, performance quarter zips on the market. the reason we really like this variation is the custom skull print that has been hand-designed in the brand\u2019s pilot mill studio. the cool design which is noticeable but not too prominent gives it an stylish edge and makes this a genuine off course garment. perth quarter zips offer warmth but they are also moisture-wicking to help you stay cool when the temperature tick up a few notches. you also get benefits of this being easy-care benefits so all you need to do is wash and hang up to dry. sizes: s-3xl\ncolors: 2 (grey melange, navy melange). + very comfortable and looks great\n+ can be worn off the course\n- need to take care when washing. this is not a garment we would immediately associate with galvin green; rather, it\u2019s more of an old-school sweater that adds terrific variety to the brand\u2019s apparel line-up. the chester is made with sustainable merino wool that feels premium as soon as you put it on. it\u2019s not a full zip top but delivers lots of stretch to move with your body as you move, whatever the activity. despite being quite a lightweight product, when on the course, it provides enough warmth as temperatures drop. the fit is also natural but that doesn\u2019t mean to say it is baggy in any way. sizes: s-xxxl\ncolors: 4 (china blue, electric, black, navy). + trendy design\n+ stretchy material helps with fit\n- anyone with a thick polo shirt or similar will find the close fit uncomfortable. an attractive mid-layer that has plenty of tech to help you feel comfortable out on the course. \u00a0the garment is made from 76% recycled plastic and 24% elastane blend, which means it is very stretchy. when testing it combined well with a polyester-style polo shirt, a thicker polo or undershirt would be too bulky and would impact how this product would look. the jacquard chest panel is a very interesting design choice, as it is an almost net-like structure that would let cold air within but also allow sweat to escape. this will clearly catch the eye of anyone looking for a high-quality mid-layer at this price point. sizes: s-xxl\ncolors: 3 (grey, blue, red). + extremely soft and comfy\n+ made from recycled materials\n- slim fit may not suit every golfer. oceantee's slim fit manta mid layers are made from 100 percent merino wool which is firstly naturally biodegradable but is also one of the most comfy materials you can wear on the course. and having worn this product ourselves, we can certainly vouch for that. the material is soft and warming and stretches to the movements of your swing. while this is a slim fit fleece, it may not be the best fit for every golfer, but it delivers a very smart aesthetic, thanks to the exceptional detailing on the fleece, with its zipper boasting a very cool florescent yellow color. it\u2019s also 100 percent plastic free, and is a great option for any player conscious about reducing their carbon footprint. sizes: s-xxl \ncolors: 4 (grey, blue, purple, green). + smart look and feel\n+ flexible and good for all seasons\n- lack of elastic at base of body can lead to a loose/shapeless look. as a winter top, this comfortable \u00bc-zip has a surprisingly thin feel to the material but still offers warmth and comfort. it is distinguished by the black back and upper sleeves which go well with the choice of four main colors for the front. the un-elasticated cuff and base offer a relaxed fit, and this contrasts well with the more athletic fit round the torso. there is a subtle mizuno logo front and back, and i found that despite the snug upper-body fit, there was no hindrance on my swing. the styling drew compliments from my playing partners, and the thinness of the material means it can easily be teamed with a combination of base-layer, shirt and/or over-top. sizes:\u00a0xs-xxl\ncolors:\u00a03 (peacoat, azure, mist). + soft and stretchy fabric\n+ snug, tailored fit\n- bold styling. this soft and stretchy mid layer has clearly been designed with the golfer in mind. the fit is snug yet the material has a substantial amount of give in it, so as to not impede your range of movement in any way. it\u2019s comfortable thanks to the ergonomic rib collar and the fabric has an element of water resistance to it, meaning you won\u2019t have to reach for the waterproofs during a light shower. the castore graphic across the chest is bold and won\u2019t be to everyone\u2019s taste, although we quite like it as a point of difference in the market. this is a highly appealing mid layer at a great price from a new brand that is not just taking the sports world by storm but the golf world too! we test golf quarter zips (opens in new tab) in the same manner as we do all other pieces of golf apparel and equipment - comprehensively. in relation to the apparel, we put products to the test out on the golf course to see if the design works as it should when having to play in different conditions and play different shots. this is a good way of seeing if a model interferes with the swing at any point too. we then try and use the top off the course as well to see if they are versatile enough to be worn in a social setting. the final point we wanted to mention here is no manufacturer can pay for a good review because our thorough testing team tells it how it is. what are some of the things to consider when buying a golf quarter zip? let's take a look. depending on your style preferences, there are a range of different kinds of quarter zips available to you! perhaps you might want a sporty option that will expand and stretch as you play, or why not get yourself a smarter option, that you may also want to wear in social situations. there are a variety of kinds of mid layers available, each offering different attributes - so pick the right one for you! linking with the above point, knowing what you are after will help you decide what material to go for. the fleece models above will keep the cold at bay whilst ones with more spandex in them will help you move easier and won't restrict the golf swing in any way. additionally we have found the models with cotton in them are often the best for wearing out and about as well, and they are very easy to wash. ultimately this comes down to making sure you get the right size because you don't want something that is too baggy which could catch your hands during the swing, and you don't want something too tight either because that will restrict the swing. as such, we would recommend trying on models and taking swings in them to see if you still offer the same range of movement. this is an important factor to consider. do you want to stand out or just have a more understated look? we think there is something for everyone above. this is another important thing to consider. do you want to use the quarter zip just on the golf course, or be able to use it anywhere? many of the models above can do both which is a good way of getting more for your money. finally be aware of your budget so you can find a top that fits into it nicely. importantly there are models above which come with premium, and value price points so there is something for everyone. quarter zips need to offer warmth and mobility by not being too constricting on your golf swing. the best mid layers will act as a great layer that you can pack under a lightweight golf jacket for example and add an extra level of warmth for those colder days on the course. that depends on the fit you're looking for. ideally, a golf mid-layer should offer ample stretch to allow you to comfortably swing the golf club. most manufacturers build their mid-layers out of a stretchy polyester material that can offer a tight fitting look. that comes down to your preference as a golfer and there are positives and negatives to each. cotton is a much warmer material than most and offers a very smart style - yet when it gets wet it can be hard to dry again and will leave you feeling cold on the course. synthetic materials do the opposite, more often than not they come with moisture wicking technology that will dry quickly, and can be a little more comfortable than cotton. for more apparel buying advice, why not check out our guides on the best golf hoodies (opens in new tab), best golf vests (opens in new tab) or the best golf windbreaker (opens in new tab). a golfer for most of his life, sam is a senior staff writer for golf monthly. working with golf gear and equipment over the last five years, sam has quickly built outstanding knowledge and expertise on golf products ranging from drivers, to balls, to shoes. he also loves to test golf apparel especially if it a piece that can be used just about anywhere! as a result he has always been the one family and friends come to for buying advice and tips. he is a graduate of swansea university where he studied history and american studies, and he has been a part of the golf monthly team since december 2017. he also previously worked for world soccer and rugby world magazines. sam now spends most of his time testing and looking after golf gear content for the website. he also oversees all tour player content as well. unfortunately, sam is not a member of any club at the moment but regularly gets out on the golf course to keep up the facade of having a handicap of five. louise uma landgraf secured the terre blanche ladies open on the let access series, coming through a three-way playoff. by matt cradock\n\u2022\n\npublished 16 april 23. the crowded leaderboard at the rbc heritage offers the potential for an intriguing sunday round featuring some of the game\u2019s best golfers. trent pruitt breaks down the live odds from hilton head and gives us his favorite betting picks. by trent pruitt\n\u2022\n\npublished 16 april 23. golf monthly is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher.  visit our corporate site.\n\u00a9\nfuture publishing limited quay house, the ambury,\nbath\nba1 1ua. all rights reserved. england and wales company registration number 2008885. the humble zipper may not seem like a miracle of the modern age\u2014but prior to its invention in 1851 and popularization in the early 1900s, adjusting just about any piece of clothing could be quite a chore. that goes doubly for bags and camping gear, where water-resistant zippers have revolutionized the industry. so if you want to make it fast and easy to adjust your comfort and temperature levels with your outdoor gear and clothing, look to the zipper. this curated list of a dozen of the best men\u2019s quarter-zip sweaters will have you looking great, and feeling even better this fall and winter. live in mongolia for more than about two days, and you would see exactly why it\u2019s become the cashmere capital of the world\u2014i.e., it\u2019s cold as heck, and the temperatures can change in a heartbeat. so when you need the best protection possible alongside a stylish look and ultra comfortable feel, cashmere is the way to go. and the wills classic cashmere quarter-zip sweater is perhaps the best we\u2019ve seen yet, with a mid-weight design and ribbed cuffs and waistline hem that make it a beautiful choice for shoulder season wear. the world famous faherty brand isn\u2019t hyperbolizing when they call their quarter zip sweater the legend, because there\u2019s no detail they haven\u2019t attended to. a relaxed fit through the body makes it a perfect layering piece, while tapered sleeves and a stand collar give it a polished look for professional settings. and its banded cuffs and waistline hem combine with a finely tuned material blend (cotton, polyester, viscose, and elastane) to help the garment keep its shape wear after wear, all while staying comfortably breathable and adjusting to your every movement. for a sweater that\u2019s presentable anytime, anywhere, look towards mizzen + main\u2019s proflex quarter zip. it uses a unique rayon, nylon, and spandex fabric blend to create a sweater with a flattering professional fit\u2014but more importantly, one that resists wrinkles like a champ. that makes it an excellent layering piece to stuff into your bag before heading to work on an unpredictable fall day. and thanks to its midweight warmth and excellent four-way stretch, the proflex does a fine job of accommodating all those heavy holiday season meals, too. made from sustainably produced wool, orvis\u2019s merino wool quarter-zip sweater 2.0 is a big step up in comfort, durability, and breathability. it\u2019s one of those layers that you\u2019ll want to wear all day, every day throughout the fall, thanks to merino wool\u2019s natural temperature regulating abilities\u2014it\u2019ll keep you at just the right comfort levels no matter whether it\u2019s warm or cold outside. but beyond that, this orvis sweater is quite handsome as well. a trim but athletic fit is paired with suede detailing at the zipper to give it an attractive professional look and feel, and the rib-knit trim at the collar, hem, and cuffs ensures it won\u2019t be stretching out of shape anytime soon. there was a time not long ago that the united states was a major\u2014and majorly respected\u2014producer of high quality clothing. and while much of that production may have gone offshore, there are still a handful of brands doing things the old fashioned way right here in the usa. flint and tinder is one of those, and their 10-year quarter zip is a fine example of what american-made clothing should look and feel like. crafted from a heavy duty 23 ounce south carolina cotton, it\u2019s then accented with pieces from georgia and philadelphia before being sent to los angeles for final construction. and true to its name, this is the sort of sweater that will last at least a decade\u2014and that\u2019s backed up by a 10 year guarantee. this is out of stock. try peter millar\u2019s perth m\u00e9lange performance quarter-zip instead. modal is a material that you may not have heard of yet\u2014but it\u2019s a big part of what makes peter millar\u2019s crown comfort interlock quarter-zip so buttery soft and good-looking. made from the cellulose of beech trees, modal has a good degree of stretch alongside odor blocking properties and a comfortable lay-flat feel. combine that with just enough cotton and polyester for breathability and durability, and you get one heck of a sweater. it\u2019s as comfortable as your favorite hoodie, but with a look that\u2019s ready to head to the office. the rhone brand has a masterful command over creating workout-ready clothes. and for their more upscale, professional designs, they still carry over a lot of that technical expertise\u2014crafting great looking pieces with performance to match, like their commuter \u00bc zip. designed to be worn over their ever-popular commuter shirt, it\u2019s made with a knit fabric for comfort and warmth, and a tailored fit that\u2019s best for athletic builds. we like the interior chin guard on the collar too, as it will keep the zipper from bothering you when it\u2019s fully up. just because it\u2019s fall doesn\u2019t mean you have to put your beach-ready style away entirely. in fact, with pieces like johnnie-o\u2019s sully \u00bc zip pullover, you can carry the calm of the sand and the waves with you all the way through the cold season. made from a cotton and viscose blend (with just enough polyester for durability), it lays smoothly and snugly without ever feeling constricting. two details really set it apart from other sweaters, though: a contrast-colored inside collar that looks great when layered with a polo or button down, and a leather zipper pull for the finishing touch. some guys may accuse kuhl of being overbuilt, what with their dozens of proprietary fabrics and constant addition of details you won\u2019t find in any similar garments. but as far as we\u2019re concerned, there\u2019s definitely a place from kuhl\u2019s clothes in our closets\u2014because in addition to their crisp looks, each piece of kuhl clothing performs with amazing reliability in a wide variety of activities and weather conditions. their intercept \u00bc zip is true to this rule, with a performance fleece fabric that\u2019s both incredibly warm and always breathable, articulated sleeves for great range of motion, and specialized stitching for low-bulk seams and a slimmer look and feel. l.l. bean is pretty close to being the original american outdoor wear company, and their outerwear continues to impress year after year. their organic cotton quarter zip sweater follows suit\u2014and it\u2019s the heaviest weight zip sweater on this list. a thick waffle-knit structure provides year-round warmth and top notch durability, and the ribbed collar, cuffs, and hem ensure that it will keep its shape admirably. better yet, it\u2019s one of the few sweaters on this list that\u2019s entirely machine washable, too. you know what\u2019s always great to have in your shoulder season wardrobe? options. that means choosing a variety of layers for different weather conditions, but it also means making sure that you have a great range of colors and textures that complement each other. johnston & murphy reversible solid quarter-zip fits both criteria, with a mid-weight cotton and polyester blend fabric that\u2019s perfect for layering and two distinct colors in each sweater. it\u2019s a real team player in any guy\u2019s fall wardrobe. we\u2019ve saved the better for last. and lest you think that patagonia\u2019s being overly confident in naming their better sweater \u00bc-zip fleece, one day of wearing it will change your mind. you\u2019ll find these cult classic fleece sweaters everywhere that people love the great outdoors, thanks to their finely tuned blend of comfort, style, warmth, and durability. and since this sweater is made entirely from recycled polyester in fair trade certified factories, it\u2019s not just better for you\u2014it\u2019s also better for the environment, and for the people who make your clothes. disclosure: clicking on these links and making a purchase may earn us a small referral fee, at no extra cost to you. learn more here. harbour town golf links. there are two very opposite trends in the golf fashion world right now. on one end of the spectrum, neutral colors have been on-trend for a while with beige, brown, gray and other quiet tones having a major moment. these pieces are easy to pair with, create refined outfits and may even be able to help you become a more consistent golfer. the second color trend many golfers choose to express themselves on the golf course is bold, bright, head-turning color palettes that are designed to make a statement. bright colors started to creep back into the golf fashion world when g/fore\u2019s colorful golf gloves hit the map in the late 2010s, but the colorful trend is now an unmistakable part of golf fashion, head-to-toe. it\u2019s a bold look that requires a little more thoughtfulness in pairing and layering, but with the right pieces will create a stylish, modern and energizing look your playing partners won\u2019t soon forget. as early-spring golf rounds start to become more and more feasible for golfers in colder climates, we\u2019ve rounded up the best layering options for both types of golfers\u2014and even a few options that combine the two. related: our favorite puffer vests for golf. both of these men\u2019s pullovers from adidas are weather-ready, have banded sleeves that will stay put while adding warmth and each have front pockets. this neutral pullover\u2019s earthy brown shade can be paired with lighter or darker shades of brown, cream colors or even some green trouser options, if you\u2019re feeling adventurous. off the course, you can wear this pullover with black athletic jogger pants, or it\u2019d even look great over jeans. the adicross half zip anorak features a range of highlighter-esque colors in a stylish colorblocked pattern. it\u2019s a bold and bright windbreaker that\u2019ll add hard-to-miss personality to any layering outfit. it's a great shell to layer with and the deep zip opening makes it easy to ventilate or take off mid-round as things warm up. seersucker is a stylish, textured fabric that looks great in soft, neutral tones. this lightweight taupe quarter-zip from adidas will require insulated base layers if you want to wear it in the shoulder season, but it will pair well with almost anything you have in your closet. pair with brown or white tones for a neutral ensemble, or spice it up with bright pinks or turquoises for a balanced-yet-bold look. showing how well brights and neutrals work together, the adidas by stella mccartney half-zip has a modern athletic design to push style boundaries without going overboard. it\u2019s designed to hold up against the wind and light rain showers, is made with 100 percent recycled materials and has a bungee-adjustable hem to find the perfect fit among your layering options. with turquoise lining and placket details, this oat-colored snap pullover gets transformed from a quiet sweater-like layer into a retro, 90\u2019s-feeling statement piece. the blend of neutrals and brights creates an athletic and energized look, while the mock-neck finish makes it golf-ready. it's also currently discounted $90-off the original price. for a more traditional sweater look, but with a touch of color, this cotton-cashmere blend pullover from bonobos will add an upscale finish to any golf look. designed to transition into off-course looks with ease, the green shade is slightly heathered, so it\u2019ll pair well with neutrals like brown or beige to create a refined-yet-fashionable ensemble. sherpa is a fun trend to spice up neutral tones and stay warm. this cream pullover from tuckernuck has hints of colors that add athletic styling and versatility to the piece. the stand collar is a great way to add warmth when the wind is at your back, but can be folded down when you need a little extra ventilation. funnel neck pullovers are a great option for golfers looking to add warmth to their shoulder season outfits, without sacrificing style. this quilted option is designed with a drop shoulder for full mobility in the golf swing and slimmer arms to prevent the garment from moving around or excess sleeve fabric from getting in the way. this thick half-zip pullover from lululemon is made with a soft and breathable cotton fabric, has an oversized fit that is great for layering on the golf course and comes in a variety of color options to match any look. the simple design of this pullover makes it easy to dress up or down, regardless of what color you choose. this greenish shade could go from the gym to the course to post-round drinks, enhancing each look with the clean silhouette and heavy fabrication. kjus is a great place to find quality layering piece with unique designs. this women\u2019s half-zip comes in five color options and features a subtle embossed braided cable design. in pink, the design breaks up the eye-catching base color to make it more approachable. this uv-protective top would look great under a black or white vest for a sporty-yet-feminine on-course look. in gray, the embossed pattern on this half-zip has a more camo or tie-dye appearance, giving the simple tone a splash of excitement. it\u2019s a lightweight layering piece with a focus on sun protection and breathability, but will add a touch of warmth when layered properly. cotopaxi is known for unique and personality-driven fleece pieces, and this orange-yellow pullover is no different. it\u2019s easy to layer over or under, has elastic binding at cuffs and hem, and can be paired with gray, black, khaki or blue trousers easily (and with a little courage). playing with deep neutral shades and pops of bright colors, this fleece half-zip is a great way to test out some color without too much risk. it\u2019s a more fitted silhouette that won\u2019t move around during the golf swing and is made with a technical fleece designed for cooler temperatures. this wind- and water-repellant pullover is packed with a lightweight insulation with changing weather in mind. it\u2019s made to trap heat to regulate body temperature with fibers that stretch and move with you. with a puffer-like style, it\u2019s a unique look to mix up your typical cold weather golf jacket options. it has a slimmer fit to optimize warmth and mobility, so if you plan on wearing this over a few layers, you may want to consider sizing up. another strong option for testing out colors, this stretchy knit quarter-zip from redvanly is primarily navy with two stripes of color at the arm cuffs. the soft fabric has a slightly weighted feel and engineered to add warmth without impeding mobility. a similar safe-yet-fun option, the fulton quarter zip from redvanly has a touch of orange on the primarily blue pullover. it also features the brand\u2019s poly-spandex fabrication that has an upscale look and feel, four-way stretch and moisture-wicking properties. currently 40 percent off, this half-zip from wilson is a versatile and stylish neutral women\u2019s layering option. the corduroy pattern gives the oversized sweatshirt a more refined look and feel while the adjustable draw cord at the waist allows for a customizable fit that won\u2019t move around during the golf swing. with a slightly cropped fit, this bold pullover is designed with a stretch fabric that won\u2019t lose its shape after a few wears. it\u2019s a more casual option with a hooded design and graphic lettering on the arm that\u2019s great for brightening up chilly range sessions. know for quality and upscale quarter-zips, peter millar has become a staple in most golfer\u2019s layering rotas. the classic perth m\u00e9lange performance quarter-zip comes in 11 color options ranging from this simple gray to brighter greens, pinks and even a cool neon yellow. with four-way stretch and moisture-wicking properties, it\u2019s a performance pullover disguised as a refined outfit topper. it\u2019ll transition easily off the course and into dinner or office looks. take a hint from the contrasting zipper pull as to which shades will pair well with this energetic shade. this g/fore quarter-zip may be in a neutral color, but the message is anything but. with the phrase \u201ci hate golf\u201d cheekily embroidered at the chest in a multicolored design, it\u2019s a feeling we\u2019ve all had, struggling to shake the rust off after the long winter. the relaxed boxy pullover is warm and cozy to keep things comfortable temperature-wise, even if your game is a little less comfy. remixing the classic floral look, this feminine g/fore pattern is almost camo-like in design. it\u2019s a multicolored pink layer made with a stretchy tech fabric and a slim fit that is great to layer over, or can be worn alone. try pairing this top with a neutral-colored vest or oversized jacket to let the pattern shine. currently on sale, this pullover is simple, has a regular fit silhouette for room to layer under and is made with a warm technical fleece fabric. the beige colorway instantly gives the staple piece a high-fashion feel. pair with gray or navy joggers and low profile white golf shoes for a understated-yet-stylish golf look. with a bit more of a technical look and feel, this half-zip is made with a soft poly-spandex, is moisture-wicking and has anti-odor properties. it\u2019s a unique yellow-brown heathered colorway that can be paired with black, brown or blue\u2014making it a surprisingly versatile shade. use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our\u00a0visitor agreement\u00a0(updated 1/6/23),\u00a0privacy and cookies notice\u00a0(updated 1/4/23) and\u00a0california privacy notice. golf digest may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our affiliate partnerships with retailers. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of discovery golf, inc. \u00a9 2023  discovery golf, inc. all rights reserved. quarter-zips are the most versatile of fall and spring golf apparel. is it 50 degrees? throw on a base layer, polo and quarter-zip to stay warm and flexible throughout your round. is it 70 degrees? lose the base layer and throw on some shorts for the perfect balance of comfort. quarter-zips are even great for the office. paired with slacks and a button-up, quarter-zips let your boss know you\u2019re going to finish your work before you leave a little early to get an emergency nine as the sun sets. with quarter-zip season just around the corner, let\u2019s take a look at some of the best out there that might well become your fall golf essential. the cloud 2.0 quarter-zip (travismathew). why we like it: travis mathew continues to produce high-quality products. this quarter-zip is a great get for the golfer in your life if you\u2019re already looking for holiday presents. honorable mention: the blue blanket quarter-zip. hudson quarter-zip (stitch golf). why we like it: stitch\u2019s lineup of quarter-zips is as good as it gets. add a splash of blue to your fall wardrobe with this one. honorable mention: the scout quarter-zip. cutter & buck \u2013 tour championship quarter-zip (fanatics). price: $78.74 (down from $104.99, save 25%). why we like it: this heathered look from cutter & buck is brilliant. unfortunately, this does not come with a pass to play east lake, but you can try. honorable mention: solheim cup quarter zip. nike dri-fit adv vapor quarter-zip (pga tour superstore). why we like it: a thinner version of our honorable mention therma-fit 1/4 zip, this nike pullover is great for those days that start cool and end up a touch warm. honorable mention: therma-fit victory quarter-zip. the wine quarter-zip (rhoback). why we like it: a deep red makes this rhoback a perfect fall quarter-zip. if you choose to go with our honorable mention, you can channel your inner adam scott. honorable mention: the golden eagle quarter-zip. retro solid performance quarter-zip (swingjuice). why we like it: this performance quarter-zip is a great grab. embroidered with our favorite analogy for on-course beverages, you\u2019ll be in a groove while wearing this. honorable mention: camo performance quarter-zip. fleece anorak quarter-zip (adidas). why we like it: can\u2019t decide if you want to push the limits of old, unwritten rules? this adidas fleece quarter-zip isn\u2019t technically a hoodie, but it\u2019s also not not a hoodie. honorable mention: quarter zip pullover. footjoy \u2013 2022 presidents cup quarter-zip (pga tour superstore). why we like it: the presidents cup is next week. this footjoy quarter-zip is almost as soft as the international team record against the united states. honorable mention: 2022 u.s. open quarter zip. under armour playoff quarter-zip (pga tour superstore). why we like it: this tour-esque look will have you look like jordan spieth regardless of if you play like jordan spieth. whether in the trees on the right or the bunkers on the left, you\u2019ll be there in style. honorable mention: rush quarter-zip. we occasionally recommend interesting products, services, and gaming opportunities. if you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. golfweek operates independently, though, and this doesn\u2019t influence our coverage. check out these up-and-coming golf brands to stay ahead of the trends in 2023. the wait is almost over, sneakerheads. keep the augusta vibes going with our list of best masters-themed items in 2023. \u00a9 copyright golfweek 2023. powered by wordpress.com vip.  the unassuming top is a wardrobe staple for a reason. you\u2019ve definitely seen it in the wild, perhaps as recently as today. chances are, there\u2019s at least one or two hanging in your closet. hell, maybe you\u2019re wearing one right now: the quarter-zip sweater. is there a garment that better epitomizes dressing as a father? probably not. thank wardrobe stylists who dressed stick-in-the-mud dad characters in them. but who cares? because the best quarter-zip sweaters and pullovers for men are smart, wear-anywhere staples that stand the test of time. a hybrid sweater with a stand-up zip collar, the quarter-zip pullover is made to move around in, a bit more cleaned up than a crewneck sweatshirt, and more office-ready than a hoodie. it\u2019s also a useful piece to have in your transitional wardrobe: the best quarter-zip pullovers are often softer and lighter than standard winter sweaters, making them easy to layer over a button-down shirt or t-shirt. they\u2019re also a great mid-layer beneath a blazer or a quilted field coat. the style first came to prominence as fleece found its way into more wardrobes in the \u201870s, but zip sweaters were also prized by adventurers and mariners for the extra coverage the stand-up collar provided. it\u2019s still a popular style on the golf course or as a running top, too, especially when it\u2019s made of moisture-wicking material. here, we\u2019re concerned with the more casual offerings. and these eight quarter quarter-zip pullovers, each made with ultra-soft fabric and seasonally friendly colors, are our favorites. we only include products that have been independently selected by fatherly\u2019s editorial team. however, we may receive a portion of sales if you purchase a product through a link in this article. marine layer bills this pullover as a blend of a sweatshirt and a thermal shirt, judging by the close-knit waffle weave for both durability and lightweight-yet-warming comfort. organic cotton is a nice sustainable touch you can feel good about wearing, while ribbing at the cuffs and waists helps the sweater stay in place as you move \u2013 it won\u2019t ride up or expose your midriff. the quarter-zip pullover, long before it became an easy-to-wear piece for guys on land, was trusted at sea and made with rugged quality by french outfitter armor-lux. the company helped outfit the french navy, and this aptly named sweater is a prime example of its utility in the wild, from the bold and easily visible stripes to the thick 100-percent wool construction. the zip placket is also shorter than other quarter-zip sweaters, providing more coverage around the neck in blustery weather. faherty has a magical formula on its hands with its legend collection: the fabric itself, whether in sweater form or as a stretch flannel shirt jacket, is ridiculously soft and wildly comfortable. it\u2019s all wrapped up in one \u201cthrow on and go\u201d package with the neutral, versatile navy twill quarter zip. the relaxed fit through the body makes it easy to layer over a henley or a soft-washed buttondown. tapered sleeves provide a snug fit and a bit of insulation from the cold. this quarter-zip sweater features a burly but not-too-heavy cotton-blend build and sherpa lining for plenty of warmth. the end result is a speckled fleece pullover that looks like you unearthed it at a surplus store. it\u2019s never a bad casual style move to wear a piece like this alongside broken-in denim with rugged leather boots on a cold night. out of all the brands on this list, peter millar makes the widest variety of quarter-zip pullovers in enough fabrics and colors to please even the pickiest shopper. the stealth performance quarter zip is the pullover you should choose if you want a more active-minded version for golf or day hikes: the 92 percent polyester, 8 percent spandex blend is super-stretchy and made to move around in. note the tailored fit and four-way stretch fabric, which is well-suited to wear over a lightweight, moisture-wicking polo. bonus: upf 50+ sun protection is baked into the fabric. the quarter-zip pullover makes plenty of sense as a functional and surprisingly rugged layer, and few companies are better suited to bring the style into the great outdoors than scandinavian outfitter fjallraven. made from super-warm lambswool, the durability of this sweater is amped up even further thanks to abrasion-resistant elbow- and shoulder- patches made using fjallraven\u2019s famously weather-ready g-1000\u00ae fabric. the taller ribbed collar is designed for outstanding warmth and wind protection in blustery conditions, and even the reinforced chest pocket is designed with g-1000 fabric reinforcements to safely stow your edc. searching for a quarter-zip sweater polished enough to handle zoom calls and face-to-face meetings? this is a great choice. it\u2019s made from 100 percent cashmere (take it to the dry cleaners if you run into any pitfalls) for a remarkably soft-to-the-touch finish. the color choices also give you some leeway in terms of style \u2013 go bold and fresh with blue haze, or sleek and sharp with the \u201cblack caviar\u201d option. fashioned from polyester and yet looking more polished than sporty, this is a helpful stretch pullover you can throw on at a moment\u2019s notice without missing a beat. think of it as a laidback layer to throw on when you need to catch a train on a cool day but don\u2019t want the added bulk of a thick puffer jacket. this article was originally published on march 23, 2022. john lewis says it has sold 62% more quarter-zips than crewnecks since the start of the year. what do david beckham, rishi sunak and fendi models have in common? they\u2019re all big fans of a quarter-zipper. polo necks with a little zip that runs from neck to chest have become the new status symbol of men of a certain position as they ditch the shirt and tie aesthetic. john lewis, which acts as an unofficial british barometer of what the average person is buying, says it has sold 62% more quarter-zips than crewnecks since the start of the year. among customers a \u00a355 navy cotton version with a silver zip is proving most popular. at gant, 10% of sales last december were quarter-zip jumpers. demand for a ribbed version with two-tone collar continues to be high. on the sidelines, arsenal\u2019s mikel arteta wears a quarter zipper under a puffer jacket, while england manager gareth southgate ditched his signature navy waistcoat for a neat white knitted zipper from m&s at the 2022 world cup. meanwhile, in london, the square mile and canary wharf\u2019s tower blocks are peppered with investment bankers in patagonia quarter zip vests. even street style favourites such as jw anderson, coperni and stone island all feature quarter-zippers in their latest collections. british gq\u2019s fashion editor angelo mitakos says the popularisation of quarter zippers is similar to how crocs were once reviled but are now worn by stars including justin bieber. mitakos prefers a zip to a crewneck which he says \u2018can often feel and look stuffy and dated. the quarter zip feels modern and has more style credentials.\u2019. recently on instagram, beckham endorsed the genre by wearing a \u00a31400 loro piana navy baby cashmere version while tossing his pancakes. the unbranded italian luxury label is a favourite among the 1% who champion the idea of stealth wealth dressing \u2013 the act of whispering your wealth rather than flaunting it. it\u2019s a dressing technique employed by both the duke of sussex and rishi sunak who regularly wear quarter-zippers over white shirts and jeans. prince harry\u2019s jumper of choice is from the british cashmere brand n.peal (from \u00a3345) while sunak favours ralph lauren (from \u00a3179). when the fourth series of succession drops this month, logan roy will no doubt be wearing his grey loro piana version. in fleishman is in trouble, the new tv adaptation of taffy brodesser-akner\u2019s novel which has been greeted with rave reviews, protagonist toby fleishman, played by jesse eisenberg, wears one for a key new year\u2019s eve party. usually a fan of polo necks and checked shirts, this act of wealth cosplay reads like an attempt to fit in with the other husbands\u2019 upper east side chic. but in the real world, they also tap into a wider casualisation trend, accelerated by the pandemic but seemingly here to stay. as more and more people try to navigate what workwear looks like in their new half office, half zoom world, it\u2019s not surprising this hybrid top is the preferred option. it\u2019s corporate, casual and sometimes both. sign up to fashion statement. style, with substance: what's really trending this week, a roundup of the best fashion journalism and your wardrobe dilemmas solved. after newsletter promotion. \u2018a shirt and tie just look stuffy on zoom whatever the location,\u2019 says the menswear writer nick carvell. he compares it to polo shirts and smart sneakers which men in the city frequently wear \u2018whether it\u2019s casual friday or not\u2019 \u2018perhaps there is an appeal to knowing you don\u2019t have to get up in the morning and iron a dress shirt at 6am \u2013 there certainly is for me,\u2019 he adds. with news that the bbc is set to relax its formal dress code, the quarter zip has the potential to infiltrate wardrobes on a mass level. last week, deadline reported that, in an effort to reflect more authentic reporting as it merges its domestic and international news channels, staff have been told to dress down. its director of digital, naja nielsen, is said to have told staff: \u201cit\u2019s a bit like, be as sweaty and dirty as when we\u2019re in the field is actually more trustworthy than if we look like we\u2019ve just stepped out of an awards ceremony or a fine dinner party.\u201d. zips first began appearing in the 1930s when the talon zipper company mastered the modern zipper. the concept of quarter-zipped fleeces quickly became popular in the sportswear industry as it allowed wearers to self-regulate their temperature by opening and closing the neckline. during the 1970s zips began to appear on jumpers but were mainly reserved for weekend wear. the streetwear aesthetic has regularly championed quarter zip detailing, but it\u2019s only more recently that it has begun merging a high/low zipped aesthetic. at the 2019 met gala, the singer frank ocean wore a formal prada suit with a quarter-zip jacket \u2013 purposefully unzipped to reveal a traditional white shirt and black tie underneath. perhaps food for thought for the bbc as it grapples with its new dress code guidelines. the first picture\u2019s caption was amended on 6 march 2023 because an earlier version referred to rishi sunak\u2019s home being in the yorkshire dales. sunak\u2019s constituency home is in the north yorkshire village of kirby sigston. excellent layering pieces, our z500 1/4 zips combine sleek and soft with functional trims. tech layers with incredible mileage, the z500 series will carry you from the gym, to the coffee shop, to work, and wherever else the day takes you. **please note these images are for mock up only. appearance may differ slightly when design is\u00a0sewn on actual garment. *please note embroidered items take 7-10 days to ship*. *2023 u.s. open logo will be featured on this item as an embroidery. this item cannot be returned or exchanged. if you have questions about your sizing please contact\u00a0customer service. john lewis says it has sold 62% more quarter-zips than crewnecks since the start of the year. what do david beckham, rishi sunak and fendi models have in common? they\u2019re all big fans of a quarter-zipper. polo necks with a little zip that runs from neck to chest have become the new status symbol of men of a certain position as they ditch the shirt and tie aesthetic. john lewis, which acts as an unofficial british barometer of what the average person is buying, says it has sold 62% more quarter-zips than crewnecks since the start of the year. among customers a \u00a355 navy cotton version with a silver zip is proving most popular. at gant, 10% of sales last december were quarter-zip jumpers. demand for a ribbed version with two-tone collar continues to be high. on the sidelines, arsenal\u2019s mikel arteta wears a quarter zipper under a puffer jacket, while england manager gareth southgate ditched his signature navy waistcoat for a neat white knitted zipper from m&s at the 2022 world cup. meanwhile, in london, the square mile and canary wharf\u2019s tower blocks are peppered with investment bankers in patagonia quarter zip vests. even street style favourites such as jw anderson, coperni and stone island all feature quarter-zippers in their latest collections. british gq\u2019s fashion editor angelo mitakos says the popularisation of quarter zippers is similar to how crocs were once reviled but are now worn by stars including justin bieber. mitakos prefers a zip to a crewneck which he says \u2018can often feel and look stuffy and dated. the quarter zip feels modern and has more style credentials.\u2019. recently on instagram, beckham endorsed the genre by wearing a \u00a31400 loro piana navy baby cashmere version while tossing his pancakes. the unbranded italian luxury label is a favourite among the 1% who champion the idea of stealth wealth dressing \u2013 the act of whispering your wealth rather than flaunting it. it\u2019s a dressing technique employed by both the duke of sussex and rishi sunak who regularly wear quarter-zippers over white shirts and jeans. prince harry\u2019s jumper of choice is from the british cashmere brand n.peal (from \u00a3345) while sunak favours ralph lauren (from \u00a3179). when the fourth series of succession drops this month, logan roy will no doubt be wearing his grey loro piana version. in fleishman is in trouble, the new tv adaptation of taffy brodesser-akner\u2019s novel which has been greeted with rave reviews, protagonist toby fleishman, played by jesse eisenberg, wears one for a key new year\u2019s eve party. usually a fan of polo necks and checked shirts, this act of wealth cosplay reads like an attempt to fit in with the other husbands\u2019 upper east side chic. but in the real world, they also tap into a wider casualisation trend, accelerated by the pandemic but seemingly here to stay. as more and more people try to navigate what workwear looks like in their new half office, half zoom world, it\u2019s not surprising this hybrid top is the preferred option. it\u2019s corporate, casual and sometimes both. sign up to fashion statement. style, with substance: what's really trending this week, a roundup of the best fashion journalism and your wardrobe dilemmas solved. after newsletter promotion. \u2018a shirt and tie just look stuffy on zoom whatever the location,\u2019 says the menswear writer nick carvell. he compares it to polo shirts and smart sneakers which men in the city frequently wear \u2018whether it\u2019s casual friday or not\u2019 \u2018perhaps there is an appeal to knowing you don\u2019t have to get up in the morning and iron a dress shirt at 6am \u2013 there certainly is for me,\u2019 he adds. with news that the bbc is set to relax its formal dress code, the quarter zip has the potential to infiltrate wardrobes on a mass level. last week, deadline reported that, in an effort to reflect more authentic reporting as it merges its domestic and international news channels, staff have been told to dress down. its director of digital, naja nielsen, is said to have told staff: \u201cit\u2019s a bit like, be as sweaty and dirty as when we\u2019re in the field is actually more trustworthy than if we look like we\u2019ve just stepped out of an awards ceremony or a fine dinner party.\u201d. zips first began appearing in the 1930s when the talon zipper company mastered the modern zipper. the concept of quarter-zipped fleeces quickly became popular in the sportswear industry as it allowed wearers to self-regulate their temperature by opening and closing the neckline. during the 1970s zips began to appear on jumpers but were mainly reserved for weekend wear. the streetwear aesthetic has regularly championed quarter zip detailing, but it\u2019s only more recently that it has begun merging a high/low zipped aesthetic. at the 2019 met gala, the singer frank ocean wore a formal prada suit with a quarter-zip jacket \u2013 purposefully unzipped to reveal a traditional white shirt and black tie underneath. perhaps food for thought for the bbc as it grapples with its new dress code guidelines. the first picture\u2019s caption was amended on 6 march 2023 because an earlier version referred to rishi sunak\u2019s home being in the yorkshire dales. sunak\u2019s constituency home is in the north yorkshire village of kirby sigston. i have said this a plethora of times but department store cashmere:* [bloomingdales $83.00 in young man donegal colors (link)]( https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/the-mens-store-at-bloomingdales-donegal-cashmere-quarter-zip-sweater-100-exclusive?id=3063920&categoryid=3864#fn=ppp%3dundefined%26sp%3dnull%26rid%3dnull%26spc%3d14%26cm_kws%3ddonegal%26spp%3d13%26pn%3d1%7c1%7c13%7c14%26rsid%3dundefined%26smp%3dallmultimatchwithspelling)* [bloomingdales $89.00 old man colors (link)](https://www.bloomingdales.com/shop/product/the-mens-store-at-bloomingdales-cashmere-half-zip-sweater-100-exclusive?id=1771504&categoryid=3864#fn=fob%3dmen%26ppp%3dundefined%26sp%3dnull%26rid%3dnull%26spc%3d44%26cm_kws%3dcashmere%26cm_kws_ac%3dcashmere%26spp%3d1%26pn%3d1%7c1%7c1%7c44%26rsid%3dundefined%26smp%3dexactmultimatch)while your at it go look up some coupon codes on retailme not: https://www.retailmenot.com/view/bloomingdales.comyou can probably get at least 10% off.anyway i have like 3 of the donegal cashmere zippers from bloomingdales. i paid like $60.00 for each. ironically i'm wearing one right now. donegal is really nice because it hides pilling and stains but they don't seem to have the color selection this year. it also prevents the old man country club look... actually you might even have the opposite effect of a clubbing look particularly with the navy.oh and cashmere doesn't need dry cleaning despite what people say.... manual outfitters pullover.  the everyday merino is a super soft  technical wool blend, incognito device pocket, and the perfect fit for me in \"extra medium\" sizing.   looks like they have some good pricing to celebrate their baselayer kickstarter [https://manualoutfitters.com/collections/the-pullovers](https://manualoutfitters.com/collections/the-pullovers)&#x200b; [patagonia better sweater](https://www.patagonia.com/product/mens-better-sweater-quarter-zip-fleece/25522.html) <-- this one is fine in the office and pretty common. it's still on sale, so hopefully your size is still there. i got mine for $59 recently.i also have the r1 quarter zip, but that is more for active-wear rather than the office. i also like wearing the futurecharge qzip and works for the office as well. the sportwool is much stretchier and feels thicker. it feels somewhat like my gd cottonweight merino long sleeve with merino on the inner face but the outer is stretchier. the everyday is more traditional merino wool with some synthetic woven in. less stretchy but still some stretch.  [lululemon lab half zip](https://shop.lululemon.com/p/mens-ls-tops/accedo-half-zip-lululemon-lab/_/prod9270225?color=0001)and[snow peak half zip](https://snowpeak.com/collections/all-apparel/products/sw-18au001-r-pe-fleece-pullover)and[reigning champ also has a bunch of options](https://us.reigningchamp.com/search?type=product&q=half+zip) [ag half zip](https://www.american-giant.com/journeyman-half-zip/m1-7n-3.html?dwvar_m1-7n-3_color=blue-ink&cgid=mens-sweaters#start=10)despite the basic materials, i'm a big fan of american giant's offerings. i find the website photos often don't do their products justice- all of their products look much better irl.[dehen 1/4 moto jersey](https://www.dehen1920.com/shop/moto-jersey/dark-navy)probably more than what you're looking for, but these are a heavyweight bifl thing and must be mentioned. &#x200b;&#x200b; an ocbd can look good under a quarter zip if the colors complement. i only own one, but when i wear it that's usually what i do. of your links, i like the orvis in charcoal.  there are no ways to make a quarter zip look good so i'd suggest not wearing one don't wear quarter-zip sweaters. peter miller or lululemon [honestly this one from costco](https://www.costco.com/greg-norman-men%e2%80%99s-performance-quarter-zip.product.100752125.html) is amazing. it\u2019s super soft and breathable. it\u2019s only 15 dollars, so if you want to get the most out of a gift maybe go higher end, but if you ever need to pick one up, this one is dope. rhoback. since we are spending your mil\u2019s money, maybe check out the q-zips from [greyson](https://greysonclothiers.com/collections/sweaters-pullovers). big fan of their tate mockneck eddie bauer cloud layer pro 1/4 zip pullover, black. that thing comfortably starts and finishes the golf season in canada for me if it\u2019s \u201ccold\u201d - i\u2019ll wear a vineyard vines shep. most of my \u201ci can\u2019t see my breath yet\u201d quarters are fj. i have one from the nlu boys for chillier weather - i think the brand is vector (or something like that). in cold weather i\u2019m not as inclined to stick to golf brands, and go more for brands designed for colder weather. i play in patagonia/mountain hardware/hh in actual cold weather. patagonia better sweater foot joy. hands down. i have a bunch from multiple brands but the fj stuff is the best. if your budget is unlimited peter millar  has the best golf shirts/pullovers imo three sixty six apparel. lightweight. great to layer. affordable. i have a beams plus quarter zip fleece that\u2019s awesome.https://www.mrporter.com/en-us/mens/product/beams-plus/clothing/zip-through/fleece-half-zip-sweatshirt/1647597281495767 carhartt/carhartt wip make them and they're nice but they do have logos. target and gap have a few good ones, and eddie bauer is always a hit. you can usually get eddie bauer ones at costco on the low lady white honestly if you want to keep it lowkey but comfortable, i\u2019d just go with uniqlo. consistently good quality and won\u2019t break the bank. with a budget of 300 you can probably get 2-3 different ones i just grabbed the jcrew half-zip rugby shirt and love it budget? winston and co. makes some quality wool sweaters including quarter zips. bit more modern cut than a drakes etc. i got a lambswool quarter zip off ebay that is soft, warm, and has nice heft to it. apc alex sweater orvis has some nice cashmere quarter zips. nearly bought one for myself when i had only gone into the store for some christmas shopping adsum patagonia  daily reminder that polyester is haram. [patagonia](http://www.patagonia.com/product/mens-better-sweater-quarter-zip-fleece/25522.html) [ll bean](https://m.llbean.com/product.html?skcatid=90055&skcatid=90055&page=beans-sweater-fleece-pullover-mens-regular&ss=a&llbdrd=&csp=a#90055) [orvis](http://m.orvis.com/p/bristol-men-s-sweater-fleece/2ckr) [eddie bauer](http://www.eddiebauer.com/product/mens-summit-14-zip-sweater-fleece/13302378?showproducts=&color=722&sizetype=&size=)  [brooks brothers](http://www.brooksbrothers.com/saxxon-wool-half-zip-sweater/ms00640,default,pd.html) [j crew](https://www.jcrew.com/p/b0692)[columbia](http://www.columbia.com/mens-mountain-side-heavyweight-fleece-full-zip-1730411.html?cgid=men-jacketsvests-fleece&dwvar_1730411_variationcolor=478#start=18) [vineyard vines](https://www.vineyardvines.com/mens-fleece/fleece-quarter-zip/1o0002.html?dwvar_1o0002_color=487#emailprompt-dialog-1502064717199)  honestly, the orvis one you picked out is pretty damn cool (and unique). if it's anything like their tweed-lined pants, it'll be great.  i love my straight down quarter zips. ll bean makes nice ones as well.   i have pullovers from tommy bahama, peter millar, vineyard vines, polo ralph lauren, lacoste, and patagonia all are nice but i don't wear the prl and lacoste too much  i've had a couple vineyard vines 1/4 zip pullovers for about 2 years now and even after multiple washes they still look and feel brand new. the pima cotton is my fav.  patagonia makes really nice onesbut my favorite is one that i got from my university bookstore, i think that it is a jansport i love my rhoback q-zip, it\u2019s a little lightweight but decently warm and has held up well over the last 18 months or so i\u2019ve had it they are a bit \u201coverexposed\u201d on social media but rhoback q-zips really are nice. i\u2019m also a fan of johnnie o. however as a more traditionally sized person (5 foot 11 and 175) peter millar really are the best (size medium as they run big for me). i like f&g, much better quality than peter millar long term. more durable material. i had a pair of nice brooks brothers quarter zips that worked well both on and off the course, with a bit of a waffle pattern in the cloth. great for spring/fall rounds, and somehow impossible to sweat through if it got hot (i'm a sweaty boi, so it matters to me). the brand your looking for is greyson. incredibly high quality and great looks. it\u2019s who jt\u2019s apparel deal is with. their logo is a lot heard, but it\u2019s usually on the back collar, down low on the waist, or not on it. [greyson q-zips](https://greysonclothiers.com/collections/mens-quarter-zips?sort_by=relevency&page_number=1) i am 6 foot and skinny. only pullover that works for me is swannies. love their styling and they fit perfectly. i was gifted a bylt \u201cfairway pullover\u201d and i really like it. very comfortable and high quality fabric, and the collar has a subtle herringbone pattern which looks nice off the course. the collar is also structured enough that it stays folded really well. it\u2019s currently on sale for $100 william murray pull overs are the way to go. eddie bauer fits really well for me. i don't know which ones i have exactly, but i don't think they are golf specific. for a thinner one, i like my under armour i have. i wish i could help with specific styles, but my tags don't say anything and they were all gifts from family or work.edit: i think the under armour i have is the ua tech 1/2 zip. it's ultralight material and super comfortable. the eddie bauer is pretty similar to what looks like their high route grid air 1/4 zip. that one is perfect for playing on 50 degree days. rhoback.com.  the best by far! \u201cminton15\u201d you won\u2019t be disappointed tj maxx, marshall\u2019s, target. ocs cannabis store? not sure if they make qzips or not, but the brand pga tour is lowkey really good and everything they make is really reasonably priced, i think. i have a few of their hoodies and vests and have been really pleased with them. i like under armor ones a lot. just have to be careful you get the ones with good elastic in sleeve cuffs (some models are really good, others not). they go on sale pretty regularly if you aren\u2019t super picky about colors and can be gotten for $50-$70. if you don\u2019t mind used you can find some slightly used on ebay for less than $30 shipped. i purchased a nice nike, bugatchi, and travis matthew\u2019s recently gap and old navy have a pretty good selection. what weather do you typically wear with these q zips ? like would you go out in 80s with one i thought this was a weed subreddit. whoops i found some clearance footjoy ones online for like $65, but the sizes were limited. you honestly may see a bunch pop up though as they transition fully to summer stuff i got some nice callaways from dicks clearance earlier this year. budget golf has good sales too. i think the key is patience and deal hunting. i\u2019m a fan of the millar\u2019s for cooler weather. for the in between i usually go with johnnie-o. rhoback is my go-to i have two ua 1/4 zip and love them.  professional enough to wear for work too! i\u2019ve got both an under armour and an adidas cold rdy and they\u2019re both great. i also wear one of the nike runner ones fairly often, and the adidas fits fairly similar, albeit thicker material! usually need the thickness up in newcastle, even in summer! i've got a couple from travis mathew that are great peter millar hands down calvin kleins new golf stuff is brilliant. i like levelwear. all of mine are from no laying up's store (so branded with their logo) but you can buy unbranded ones too i believe. ping. hanes sport men's performance quarter-zip pullover https://www.amazon.com/dp/b01ldr5tja/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glt_fabc_564jkm36w7y13grexrsvbeen waiting for this moment. these are awesome. 20 bucks. i wear them golfing, working, and everywhere else where i just need a comfortable amount of warmth or wind protection. honestly i've been super pleasantly surprised by tgws own brand for pullovers. i bought two several years ago and i wear them all the timeheres an example\"tgw men's tour 1/4 zip pullover | tgw.com\" https://www.tgw.com/tgw-mens-tour-1-4-zip-pullover i think it was sam\u2019s club that had a thin under armor quarter zip. i love it and wear it constantly to play golf as long as it\u2019s not hot. i think it was about 20 bucks. i would look at places like burlington, tj maxx, etc. i found a bunch at the izod outlet store not too long ago. like $20-30 each wilson/staff the old navy ones are awesome ross and tjmaxx carry nike that are usually more than half the original price. greg norman has some thin ones. peter millar performance 1/4 zip +1 for rhoback. great stuff. check out vuori. [this](https://vuoriclothing.com/products/ease-performance-half-zip-ink-heather?variant=23449257672762) is what you\u2019re looking for. check out the william murray web site https://www.williammurraygolf.com/?gclid=cj0kcqjw5augbhdearisafynm9ewtxldtnkfakpgp2tegkl09vpz0fnuiu5us7oew6wsehrxw-lj6lqaahvgealw_wcb peter millar, rhoback, greyson, rlx, stitch. check out linksoul can\u2019t go wrong with the hugo boss golf wear i dig the under armour golf stuff if you can catch it on sale or at one of their outlet stores. slightly more loose fit/cut. not baggy but def more room than my nike or adidas stuff look at the unrl brand website. they have a great quarter zip calvin klein golf stuff is pretty good, and is a name designer brand that works off the course too welcome to sunday live and thank you for joining us today today we're taking a look at peter millar spring 23 we're excited to have spring starting to arrive we are looking at their crown sport uh outer layers so a lot of them are quarters that we have a few full zips that we grabbed and we're just gonna jump right in the first one we're gonna take a look at is a perth melange in billiard you'll see billiard um quite a bit in the crown sport line uh we'll have it in some shorts it's going to be in different polos it's just kind of one of their colors this spring and i i'm wearing a billiard as well um those might be the only couple items that i grabbed but definitely one of their colors uh this spring that they brought and we were excited for it i'll be mediums are extra extra large 135 uh crown sport is all a classic fit and it's all their performance wear so their traditional purse have the banded bottom banded cuffs that everyone is used to they've had the purse purse forever can't talk um so this is just billiard 135 medium through extra extra to large mediums are extra extra large is the size that i'm going to have in everything all of this just arrives so we have inventory and absolutely everything that we're gonna go through here this is another perth in the dye camo in maritime we've had the dip dye before uh it just kind of goes gradually fades into a little bit darker on the bottom and then it does have that camo pattern that you see more prominent at the bottom here also retails for that 135 so if you're looking for something that has a little bit of a pot but not a bright color like the billiard this would be a great option in the maritime blue is always beautiful mediums are extra extra large and then another one i grabbed for a purse was the black camo i say it quite a bit not always do you find black and peter millar uh so i was excited about this one it has that camel pattern but it is all black and that purse so everything that you're used to the bended bottom abandoned cuff also retails for that 135 in price mediums or extra extra large and then the next two i'm going to go through are uh they are going to fit a little bit tighter closer to a tailored fit so these are the mavens and they've had them they are more on their active line uh than just their crown sport line and although i very much do like them a lot i'm just letting you know it's going to fit just a little bit tighter than like the perth definitely now these retail for 140 this is reef blue um and they're just nice simple uh open bottom so it doesn't bend on to your open cuff so again there's no bands there has that hinge zipper which is just kind of a unique little feature keeps the simplicity of the entire garment as you kind of go um very comfortable obviously it's definitely more of that casual look so it's part of their active line a little bit more casual retails for 140 and this is reef blue and then the other maven i grab again will have exact same fit uh they just call it in white mediums are extra extra large has a the navy sleeves so if you want a little bit of a color block with the white in the center and maybe on the sides be a great option for you i also know for sure i have it i believe in a british gray as well this season that has arrived please know that we have more that'll arrive all through the next few months he's got some today that we haven't even opened the boxes yet to see what's in there from peter millar but oh i guess i should have said yesterday there's just still sitting here um but great great options with these casual open bottoms uh from peter millar this is the maven 140 medium to extra extra large next is the ross and the ross is a newer style for peter millar it has the baseball color so it's a different style collar it's a very non-traditional color on a quarter zip so if you want a little bit of a different style uh this would be a great option it's very similar to the perth with the banded cuffs um in the banded bottom for that this is a navy it resells for 145. so being with your extra extra large the biggest difference on the ross versus perth is the color so this has the baseball collar this has that traditional print collar that you're always used to um so that is the biggest difference and then it does cost more so one 145 in navy i'm not for sure if i will have more colors coming or not in the ross but for so far the navy is what has arrived then we're gonna jump into some weld elite hybrids and this is in white and gale gray retails for 200 medium through extra extra large again has that nice open bottom and i'm just a fan of the open bottom it's not that uh if you're on the golf course and you want to have that band around uh the bottom in a perth that is perfect uh but everyone smile i don't don't want to have that little restriction for the band uh so it's nice to have that a little bit open bottom uh and they're just there's a little bit thicker than the purse so they're a little bit of that extra second layer piece which is also great uh when you're out on the course if you're just want something a little bit warmer then what a perth is these uh hybrids are awesome head does have a little bit of a pattern through it in navy so that's white with navy and then just those gale gray back and arms throughout so again retail's about 200 mediums or extra extra large and then another one is the one i actually have on the color and spilliard so it's also the weld elite hybrid same price 200 um i am in a medium i'm a 38 regular chest and i traditionally just wear a medium in all of peter millar even if it's tailored fit or they're classic fit i don't just uh sizes depending on what it is so and that's just what tends to fit me best some people do and they're absolutely okay with it uh just really kind of depends on your body type and so this is just in billiard again this doesn't have all the different color blocking to it like the one we just looked at solid solid billiard throughout this great color uh we're just really excited for billiard that's why i have it on because i like it so much uh but retails for that 200 medium through extra extra large and then the exact same hybrids that we just looked at in the welds it's just this one has a hood so if you just want something that's a little bit different has a hood they've had the hood and uh multiple different seasons now usually in only a pattern or two so that's an awesome uh leaf pattern up top and it goes right to that solid navy at the bottom i should say they do have zipper pockets and even the one i have on does have zipper side pockets i should have mentioned that so all the little weld elite hybrids do have uh zipper enclosure on the pockets on the front there but again just the little added feature of the hood this retails for 230. i'm going to move on to a full zip and this is the merge elite hybrid full zip in british gray retails for 230 mediums are extra extra large this is honestly probably one of my favorite pieces we brought in um the british crate is just so light if you love white things but don't always just want to wear white this british gray is the perfect option full zip same features as what i just went through on these half sips that i have on but this just has that full zipper enclosure so if you want to have a full zip and you're looking for something that goes with about absolutely anything this is going to be the full zip for you again retails for that 230 and then i have one more hyperlite weld armor delete sorry uh hybrid and black retails for 230 mediums are extra extra large so again another full zip which i know a lot of gentlemen like um this does have that little bit of pattern throughout the middle there for you and then it is solid throughout let's just string on there but solid black and then a little bit of black and charcoal a little uh of gray in there as well on the front retails for that 230 medium through extra extra large and then the last item i grab is actually a full-on jacket and this jacket we i know we had this version of it here this fall and this is just to be a different color this is the hyper lights link 3l jacket in gale gray retails for 270. so if you're needing a full-on uh jacket this would be the perfect option for you it does have inside the sleeves the banded cuff to help keep the jacket enclosed for water um so if you're out there and it's raining on the course be a great option for you it does have the zipper pockets again it is pulls it down the front hood in the back and they have this i can't remember exactly what the pattern is called this year where these stripe these lines are on there but it's 100 polyester with peu membrane on the outside so that's what helps with that water resistant wind resistance uh while you're on that course and if you're not on the course and you just need a nice light jacket this would be a perfect option for you mediums are extra extra large retails for that 270. so if you have any questions on anything that we just took a look at you can always give us a call at 712-262-2085 otherwise you can find everything at hansonsclothing.com thank you for joining us today "

----------

" as popsugar editors, we independently select and write about stuff we love and think you'll like too. if you buy a product we have recommended, we may receive affiliate commission, which in turn supports our work. denim is a perfect blank canvas upon which anything is possible. but just like with classic wardrobe staples, jeans trends come and go. while denim does, indeed, stand apart with the notion that a straight fit in a true-blue colorway will remain in favor, there are certainly head-turning cuts, of-the-moment silhouettes, and specific decades-old washes that cycle in and out of style. and modern touches (for example, an asymmetrical waistband or an overly exaggerated slit) mean anything is possible. in 2023, we're seeing a rise in popularity of the ankle crop and distressed treatments that range from unfinished hems to redone patchwork. pleated trousers, dramatically pooling wide-legs, and formfitting bootcut flares are also everywhere, with these more standout shapes hailing from the '70s, '80s, and '90s. meanwhile, the low-rise from the early aughts isn't going anywhere, with celebrities favoring the look, particularly when completed with a visible logo brief or a strappy thong pulled high to achieve hip cleavage. whether you love to mix up your denim outfits with oversize knits and statement tops or keep the combination understated in a bodysuit or simple white tee, scroll through the following categories one by one to see the top denim trends of 2023 that you can try on for size. or feel free to skip ahead to the section you already know you're in the market for, and browse a range of washes for all different body types and budgets. \u2014 additional reporting by sarah wasilak. high-rise, pleat-front trousers in denim are everywhere. with a fitted waistband, these jeans are anything but your dad's favorite pair from the '90s, giving them more leeway to be styled with slim bodysuits and bralettes alike. that said, the roomy leg makes for a fluid silhouette that has dressed-up appeal. madewell baggy straight jeans in woodham wash pleated edition ($80, originally $98). go for a darker style that mimics the look of a standard wool trouser but is crafted from good old denim instead. reformation montauk high rise jeans ($168). opt for a style with a high waist that allows the pleats to form more of an elevated look, rather than a slightly baggier, low-rise one. nili lotan flora trouser jeans ($425). for an off-duty favorite, you'll love these lower-rise wide-leg flares that allow for a slimmer fit in the waist and roomier leg. whether you wear yours with ornate, embellished heels; classic ballet flats; or casual sneakers, ankle-cropped jeans expose just a sliver of skin without going for a full-blown pedal-pusher moment. what's more, this silhouette is a seasonless classic that can be styled with skimpy silk camisoles and wool overcoats alike. old navy extra high-waisted button-fly sky-hi ($50). go '80s with a light, slightly acid-washed treatment. you'll love these slim ankle-cropped jeans for their off-duty vibes and lower price point. levi's 501 original fit jeans ($58, originally $108). there's nothing like a levi's 501 fit when it comes to the classics, and the american brand has crafted its forever favorite in a flattering ankle crop, offered in nearly every denim wash under the sun. raey crop organic-cotton straight leg ($80, originally $160). these grayed jeans are great for morning or night. with a straight-leg fit, they're easeful without being too roomy. when it comes to this '70s throwback style, search for a slight flare from the knee down to the toe. a bootcut length means a peek at your shoes, so whether you opt for a pointed-toe flat, an early-aughts look with sporty sneakers, or platform boots to elongate your legs, you'll depend on your footwear for ultimate outfit balance. abercrombie ultra high rise flare jean ($90). between the ultrahigh rise of the waist and the slight flare of the slim leg, you'll feel taller wearing these jeans, whether you're in heels or off-duty sneakers. j.crew skinny flare jeans ($110, originally $158). these marked-down flares feature a traditional five-pocket design, but what's not visible to the naked eye is that they're made from polyester recycled from plastic, which would have otherwise gone to landfills. frame le high flare in blue stripe ($258). take the bootcut flare to eye-catching status with a blue pinstripe print down the leg. the '90s are back in full force, including the utilitarian trend of cargo pants. this season, allow the off-duty look to infiltrate your denim collection, shopping everything from tailored high-waisted styles to slouchy, baggy silhouettes with a nostalgic fervor that is unmatched. agolde cooper relaxed straight cargo jeans ($228). keep it classic with a slim bootcut and a single cargo pocket on either side, just like you did in the '90s. you might even want to mix in a sweet pointelle baby tee to really get into the mood. asos design curve cargo jeans in washed black ($49). go for a casual look with a pair of midrise cargo jeans that also boast oversize pockets but can be worn with a wide range of tops thanks to a dark and versatile wash. isabel marant vokayo pant ($790). for a more head-turning look, shop these luxe straight-leg jeans that have not one, not two, but nine striking pockets. if you're looking for a looser leg through the thigh that comes to a polished nip at the ankle, consider another vestige from the '90s by way of a tapered-leg jean. this slightly bow-legged style adds intrigue to your overall outfit and pairs nicely with combat boots. ganni stary cropped high-rise tapered jeans ($215). these black jeans offer a twist on your favorite '90s straight leg, featuring a tapered ankle that keeps them from feeling too oversize. made in tomboy isabelle wide tapered ankle jeans ($412). these heavyweight jeans can be balanced with a lightweight crop top for an effortless daytime look that feels even more relaxed with a distressed hem. cos tapered-leg high-rise jeans ($120). style these cos jeans with a pair of loafers to draw attention to their curvature at the bottom of the leg. the low-rise denim trend from the early aughts isn't going anywhere. while some celebrities are utilizing this fit to reveal briefs and thong straps, you can easily work the slouch with an oversize sweater or bodysuit to give it a more easygoing, covered-up look. rag & bone piper low-rise straight ($180, originally $255). just because your jeans are low-rise doesn't mean you're forced to lean into a loose '90s hang. you'll love this classic straight-leg fit that simply boasts a slightly lower rise than the rest. silver jeans co. britt low rise slim bootcut jeans ($56, originally $94). the '00s are calling in a big way with the subtle bleaching at the pockets of these low-rise jeans. the slim bootcut also works nicely with a block heel for a more polished look. zara zw the loose fit jeans ($60). you can easily bare a hint of skin when you rock low-rise jeans with a matching cropped denim bustier. add a sturdy western boot, and your coordinated outfit will feel easier than ever to construct. if you're going to go big, go big. this season, jump head first into the ultrawide leg with jeans that drag behind you and almost entirely cover your shoes. you might even want to size up in your favorite pair to really lean into the look with a fit that's already trustworthy and familiar, since this exaggerated look is for the bold. reformation cary high rise slouchy jeans ($198). the addition of studs at the seams of these reformation jeans make them feel even more timely. even though they're baggy, they're made from rigid material, so they won't overstretch. abercrombie curve love low rise 90s baggy jean ($60, originally $90). many reviewers say these abercrombie jeans come with the perfect amount of bagginess, helping to achieve the model-off-duty look they've become synonymous with. raey 90s organic cotton high-waisted jeans ($255). this silhouette features a wide leg that isn't overwhelming, and the hem puddles without feeling frumpy. what's more, the waist is a flattering high cut that looks great with slim bodysuits and tucked-in tees alike. go artsy this year with jeans that feature a patchwork design, oftentimes clad with mixed-material panels that incorporate cotton or faux leather. it's a one-and-done way to play with texture wearing nothing but your true blues. magali pascal janis patchwork jeans ($395). if you want the patchwork look with a slight '70s flair, opt for this style from magali pascal, which even comes with a matching sleeveless vest. hollister ultra high rise patchwork dad jeans ($20, originally $65). marry a mix of denim washes and patch sizes for an overall crafty look in these hollister dad jeans. cider patchy straight leg jeans ($36). if you're a fan of colored denim, you'll love the '70s influence of these pink jeans, with contrast pockets at the back. let them fully own the spotlight by coordinating with a fitted white t-shirt. by  njera perkins\n                    \n                        12 hours ago. by  amanda prahl\n                    \n                        13 hours ago. by  chanel vargas\n                    \n                        15 hours ago. by  njera perkins\n                    \n                        16 hours ago. get a daily dose of style. select the topics that interest you:. by signing up, i agree to the terms  and privacy policy  and to receive emails from popsugar. get a daily dose of style right in your inbox. sign up for our fashion & beauty newsletter. by signing up, i agree to the terms  and privacy policy  and to receive emails from popsugar. thanks! you're now subscribed. customize your newsletter. please select the topics you're interested in:. thanks! you're now subscribed. would you like to turn on popsugar desktop notifications to get breaking news asap? great, click the \u2018allow\u2019 button above\n                    \u261d\ufe0f. awesome, you\u2019re all set!\n                    \ud83c\udf89. every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. things you buy through our links may earn us\u00a0a commission. i\u2019m one of the strategist\u2019s de facto denim correspondents, so i\u2019m always on the hunt for the very best jeans \u2014 from high-waisted to mom and every style in between. the best lesson i\u2019ve learned is probably the simplest (from virginia sole-smith, author of the newsletter burnt toast and forthcoming book fat talk: parenting in the age of diet culture, who started a series called jeans science and tried on more than 60 pairs of plus-size jeans): there\u2019s no sisterhood of the traveling pants\u2013style pair that will work on all of us. the reality is that as ubiquitous as jeans are, shopping for them is sometimes a herculean effort. everyone has a wish list for their otp \u2014 \u201cone true pair,\u201d to borrow from fandom-speak \u2014 and checking everything off can seem impossible. but collecting recommendations from stylish people you trust is a good place to start, and that\u2019s the strategist\u2019s strong suit. so i turned to super-stylish women of all shapes and sizes and asked them about their favorite denim. to ensure we left no acid-washed stone unturned, i searched our archives for memorable endorsements (like a much raved-about butt-boosting pair). i considered more than 50 jeans in the writing of this guide but culled only the very best of the best \u2014 all of which you can read about below. it can seem like jeans are arbitrarily assigned numbers \u2014 some are sized according to waist measurements and others by even numbers (2, 4, 6). for some people, that might mean being forced to choose between a big waist gap or a pair that\u2019s slightly too tight. i tried to prioritize options that come in the widest range of sizes. that goes for inseam lengths too. and of course, i asked denim enthusiasts to detail the fit of their favorites as much as they could. an apology to low-rise revivalists, as the people we spoke to preferred high-waisted styles. i listed the rise measurement for each of the recommendations below (a few brands don\u2019t include this information in their product descriptions, which is why you\u2019ll see \u201cno rise listed\u201d on a couple of pairs). jeans that have more than a ten-inch rise fall into the \u201chigh\u201d category, according to stylist jessica cadmus. most jeans on the market today have some stretch to make them feel more comfortable \u2014 especially at the waist. i\u2019ve catalogued the pairs here into three tiers: not stretchy, stretchy, and very stretchy. the first tier covers denim made completely from cotton (characterized as raw and rigid). the second tier is for pairs with up to 2 percent elastane or spandex, as cadmus previously explained to me. if jeans have above that percentage, they\u2019re considered \u201cextra-stretchy\u201d and fall into the third tier. there are times when a cowboy-esque flare will do and times when you want the sleekness of skinny jeans. some cuts were more popular (straight-leg) than others (wide-leg). but i went a step further to describe the shape of every pair \u2014 whether that\u2019s more slim-fitting, tapered, or cropped. ask around, and you\u2019ll hear about how someone splurged on their rag & bone or paige jeans. factoring in cost per wear, an investment can make sense, but the truth is that you can get a pair of great jeans for not that much. (think of everyone currently scouring secondhand shops for levi\u2019s 501s.) that\u2019s all to say that affordability was a top priority when thinking through which jeans made the cut. each pair below is denoted as either $ (under $100), $$ ($100 to $200), or $$$ (over $200). sizes and lengths: 23\u201339 (plus sizes here) with 26-, 28-, and 30-inch inseams | rise: 10.85 inches | stretch: stretchy | cut: tapered straight leg | price: $. the wedgies win the title of \u201cmost recommended levi\u2019s\u201d and, consequently, are the jeans we\u2019ve (probably) written about most \u2014 seriously, i tried to tally up how many times they\u2019ve appeared in our archives and lost count. eagle-eyed strategist readers will have noticed that these topped our list of the best high-waisted jeans \u2014 with bird founder jennifer mankins explaining that they have a \u201cnatural rise that hits right at your belly button, so it\u2019s high but not too high.\u201d hailey rizzo, who runs the blog feeling good as hail, praises their butt-lifting power, \u201cwhether you\u2019re working with one or not.\u201d le whit co-founder liza curtiss swears by them \u2014 as a \u201cno-purse kinda person,\u201d the pockets are deep enough to hold her essentials. with so many accolades, this one\u2019s the most crowd-pleasing pick. sizes and lengths: 10\u201330 with 25-, 27-, 29-, 31-, and 33-inch inseams | rise: no rise listed | stretch: stretchy | cut: skinny | price: $. petite-plus influencers tinsaye berhanu and natalie craig have both previously called out the bombshell skinny jeans. berhanu describes the high waist as \u201creally comfortable without rolling down when you\u2019re moving around.\u201d the jeans are rated as a \u201cmaximum\u201d on the company\u2019s stretch scale. craig points out that torrid offers short and extra-short lengths for jeans \u2014 something many other plus-size brands don\u2019t have. (you can also choose between tall and extra-tall options.) torrids were popular in our guide to plus-size jeans, where they earned praise for how well they fit curves. style influencer nikki apostolou appreciates the way they \u201chug my curves, cling where i need them to, and flatter my more apple-shape figure.\u201d. sizes and lengths: 23\u201337, with 26.5-, 28.5-, 30.5-, and 32.5-inch inseams | rise: no rise listed | stretch: stretchy | cut: straight-leg | price:\u00a0$. when we asked petite women about their favorite jeans, there wasn\u2019t a consensus on a brand or a particular pair \u2014 more than a few referenced standard-size pants instead of petite-specific ones. but two people did refer us to abercrombie, which has become a popular destination for #petitetok and among other stylish women we\u2019ve talked to. these jeans were mentioned by both photographer lizbeth hernandez and content creator amy serrano. hernandez calls them \u201cperfect for my curvy body,\u201d while serrano says the pair \u201chugs every part of my butt perfectly.\u201d but what made abercrombie really earn this spot is its two types of petite sizes: \u201cshort\u201d for those who are five feet to five-foot-three and \u201cextra-short,\u201d which is specifically designed for those under five feet (although this length is only available in sizes 25 to 30). sizes and lengths: 23\u201333 with a 30-inch inseam | rise: 10.5 inches | stretch: stretchy | cut: combination of skinny and straight-leg | price: $$. former strategist writer chloe anello (who\u2019s five-nine) crowned madewell\u2019s jeans the best in her guide to jeans for tall women. former strategist social-media editor hannah starke (five-ten) describes her (now sold-out) pair as \u201cthe only jeans that fit my body correctly.\u201d what makes the company\u2019s jeans such a standout is the two length options designed for tall people: \u201ctall\u201d for anyone who\u2019s five-eight to five-eleven and \u201ctaller\u201d for those six feet and up. the only problem is that the denim sometimes sells out quickly. this stovepipe style is fully stocked in \u201ctall\u201d lengths at the moment. i didn\u2019t choose it randomly, though: hallie abrams, founder of the wardrobe consultant, is a fan of the cut. \u201cif all the jean styles had a baby, the stovepipe is what would come out,\u201d she says, placing it somewhere between a skinny and straight-leg cut. this pair has a 30-inch inseam, which is enough for most tall folks to cover their ankles, according to anello. (it also comes in a 23-inch petite inseam and a 27-inch standard inseam.) and if you\u2019re especially tall, anello suggests trying a pair of jeans from amalli talli. the tall-women-founded company makes jeans with 34- and 36-inch inseams. sizes and lengths: 23\u201342 (plus-sizes here) with 27- and 29-inch inseams | rise: 12 inches | stretch: stretchy | cut: straight-leg | price: $. the levi\u2019s ribcage (the goldilocks of jeans, as we like to call them) were a given to include in this guide. they count strategist editor maxine builder and new york deputy editor alexis swerdloff as devotees. builder calls them \u201cdeliriously high, easily clearing my belly button\u201d without actually cutting into her ribcage, as their name suggests. \u201cwhen these ribcage jeans become the new wedgies, don\u2019t say i didn\u2019t warn you,\u201d builder says, noting that they are even comfortable when she sits down. swerdloff, for her part, calls them \u201cstiff without being too constricting\u201d and with washes that have a \u201cworn-in without trying too hard\u201d attitude. they also have the youth\u2019s stamp-of-approval \u2014 when we polled teens about their favorite denim, then-18-year-old claudia perez told us they were her \u201csoulmate jeans.\u201d. sizes and lengths: 23\u201334 with 30- and 32-inch inseams | rise: 11.125 inches | stretch: not stretchy | cut: straight-leg | price: $. the straight-leg was the most-cited cut. in the end, the classic levi\u2019s 501s took the top spot because of just how often they came up \u2014 musicians aly and aj michalka and celebrity stylist karla welch specifically name-checked this pair, and several of our other panelists not only own vintage versions of the style but judge their current favorites against them. this isn\u2019t surprising considering that the legendary 501s are the fit that literally started it all for the brand. \u201cthese are just classic: the fit, the semi-high waist, the color,\u201d aly michalka says. \u201cthe more worn they are, the better they look and feel.\u201d her sister aj agrees: \u201cmy booty looks so good in these. levi\u2019s never fails \u2014 they just get jeans and always have.\u201d since these are non-stretch, welch (who has collaborated with the company in the past) offers this piece of advice to break them in just right: \u201cwearing them, and wearing them, and wearing them, and wearing them, until i\u2019m like, \u2018ah, these are perfect!\u2019\u201d. sizes and lengths: 24\u201334 with a 26-inch inseam | rise: 11.5 inches | stretch: not stretchy | cut: cropped straight-leg | price: $$. the agolde rileys have appeared numerous times in our archives and count a strategist staffer, petite content creators, and a mom-jean maven as supporters. although they come in only one inseam, they still work for shorter people. strategist writer lauren ro, who\u2019s five-two, says they just graze her ankles, and serrano (shorter than ro at five feet) says that they hit right at her ankle \u2014 \u201cthe perfect length for a full-length jean.\u201d but for taller folks who like a cropped look (and favor a non-stretch option), these work just as well. filmmaker and former new york photo editor stella blackmon calls these a standout in her sea of mom jeans, adding that they are slimmer than traditional mom-jean cuts but still \u201clike an ode to the jeans my mom loved when i was growing up.\u201d. sizes and lengths: 24\u201335 with a 28-inch inseam | rise: 13 inches | stretch: not stretchy | cut: straight-leg | price: $. mom jeans have a reputation of being unflattering, especially when it comes to the backside. the georgine turns that idea around completely: they have such a butt-boosting fit that strategist contributor monica heisey calls them a revelation. even though mom jeans are supposed to be looser, heisey points out that it\u2019s hard to find straight-size denim that actually is. free people\u2019s crvy line is made for those with a bigger hip-to-waist ratio, she explains, and \u201cthere\u2019s some kind of contouring-seaming situation in the waistband that i don\u2019t quite understand, but it is doing really important stuff for the waist and butt.\u201d it helps that they have an ultra-high rise, coming in at a whopping 13 inches. the effect is no waist gap and a rigid but comfortable (non-stretch) pair of pants that are perfect right out of the box. sizes and lengths: 00\u201315 (equivalent to 22- to 32-inch waists) with 30-, 32-, 34-, 36-, and 38-inch inseams | rise: 11.75 inches | stretch: not stretchy | cut: tapered slim straight-leg | price: $. don\u2019t let the \u201ccowboy cut\u201d name fool you \u2014 these wranglers are nowhere near a full flare. strategist senior editor simone kitchens did discover the pair in a cowboy store in oklahoma city, but they look like \u201csomething fresh out of a.p.c.\u201d and do \u201cgood things all around for my butt and waist.\u201d the high-rise jeans fall into the middle ground between skinny and straight-leg. on the fit front, you can choose between 100 percent cotton without stretch (offered in the medium and bleach washes) or just a hint of spandex in the light wash. kitchens went non-stretch, adding that after a few washes, the pair gets that \u201cthrift-store-faded patina these jeans are known for. or wash them a little less and prolong their a.p.c.-like stiffness.\u201d if you need any more convincing, kitchens\u2019s ode to her wranglers was so popular that four of her friends bought them right away. sizes and lengths: 24\u201333 with 28-, 30-, and 32-inch inseams | rise: 10.87 inches | stretch: very stretchy |\u00a0cut: skinny | price:\u00a0$. for strategist associate editor jenna milliner-waddell, the true test of a good pair is a no-gap waist, and the mile highs exceeded those expectations: \u201cnot only do they show no gaps, they stretch just enough to get over my hips without being a full-blown jegging while still giving me that rigid denim feel,\u201d she says. they have a \u201chigh but not too high\u201d rise \u2014 despite their name, the rise is about an inch lower than that of the levi\u2019s ribcage jeans above \u2014 and the fit isn\u2019t fleeting. even after a couple of washes and much wear, the waist is still tight and the color just as saturated, milliner-waddell says. these are \u201cprobably the closest i\u2019ll ever get to love at first sight,\u201d she adds, and considering the price, it\u2019s a win all around. sizes and lengths: 23\u201340 (plus sizes here) with 28-, 30-, and 32-inch inseams | rise: 10.25 inches | stretch: very stretchy | cut: jegging-style skinny | price: $. the 720s from levi\u2019s are what the company describes as \u201cmodern jeggings\u201d with a super-skinny shape. these were featured in our guide to the greatest high-waisted pairs, and i thought they deserved commendation here as well. although they are cut very slim through the leg, writer diana mccorry praises the 720s for their stretch (which comes from to a combination of cotton, polyester, and elastane), so you don\u2019t have to suffer through compressed insides to wear them. and comfort-wise, mccorry finds that the denim has enough give at the waist \u201cbut not quite enough to necessitate a belt.\u201d. sizes and lengths: 23\u201334 with a 29-inch inseam | rise: 9.75 inches | stretch: stretchy | cut: skinny | price: $$. even as their merits are being contested by younger generations, skinny jeans are still worth having in your closet, and \u201cthe le high are as skinny as they come,\u201d cadmus says. \u201cthey are so skinny, they look painted on.\u201d but they\u2019re not so second-skin that they\u2019re uncomfortable, she assures us, as they have a hint of elastane that \u201cflatters every curve\u201d \u2014 especially accentuating the backside. having tried a version of these once (and being a frame fan already), i can confidently say the same. they even made my short legs look toned and longer. sizes and lengths: 24\u201331 with a 28.5-inch inseam | rise: 11.75 inches | stretch: stretchy | cut: wide-leg | price: $$. while wide-leg jeans weren\u2019t mentioned as much as other denim cuts, they are undeniably trendy at the moment, which is why i\u2019m repeating a recommendation i heard from digital content creator carrie carrollo. rolla\u2019s is an australian company that takes inspiration from secondhand styles. the sailor, for instance, is a nod to jane birkin\u2019s favorite patch-pocket pairs. carrollo says the jeans do remind her of the bell-bottoms of the past: \u201cpaired with a vintage t-shirt, i always feel like they look extra-\u201970s.\u201d and though carrollo is on the shorter side (five-two), the flare still suits her frame. \u201cthe waist-to-hip ratio for my body type really works,\u201d she says. sizes and lengths: 24\u201335 with 30-, 32-, 34-inch inseams | rise: 11.25 inches | stretch: stretchy | cut: bootcut | price: $. i couldn\u2019t not go with wrangler for our best bootcut pick \u2014 a favorite of\u00a0model georgia may jagger. even before jagger was a face for the brand, the self-described \u201cglamorous tomboy\u201d wore wranglers her whole life. the westward, which she says features that \u201cclassic wrangler look,\u201d has a similar, tight (but not uncomfortable) and super-high-rise fit as the jeans that her mother and aunts wore back in the day. sizes and lengths: 23\u201332 with a 32.25-inch inseam | rise: 11 inches | stretch: not stretchy | cut: wider straight-leg | price: $$$. with distressed denim, it\u2019s almost too easy to end up in hacked-up territory. but los angeles label re/done is known for its tailoring (which includes upcycling levi\u2019s). despite its high price tags, the company came up several times in my reporting for this story. of a kind co-founder erica cerulo relies on these for jeans with no waistband gaps or supertight calves, while jenni lee of sock company comme si likes that their crops, on her five-foot-six frame, actually allow her to show a little ankle. former new york fashion editor-at-large amy larocca calls hers \u201cas close to perfect as i\u2019d ever allow myself to imagine.\u201d that\u2019s all to say that while these are expensive, we think they\u2019re worth including here. paige port, talent and business development vice-president at dear media, relies on this pair for artfully done rips that aren\u2019t too big and \u201chit at the perfect spot on your knees.\u201d anello counts the brand\u2019s loose jeans as a favorite \u2014 though she was skeptical at first, she now calls these among the best jeans she has ever owned because of their high quality. \u201ci know i will have these jeans longer than most denim, especially those on the fast-fashion side,\u201d anello says. sizes and lengths: 24\u201338 with 28.5- and 32.5-inch inseams | rise: 10.5 inches | stretch: not stretchy | cut: straight-leg | price: $$$. even if you like more rigidness in your jeans, raw denim can seem a little extreme. the genuine jean from the feel studio is a compromise \u2014 sans stretch, but doing the work of shaping to your body. it took just a few wears for kitchens\u2019s pair to do so. kitchens compares them to vintage jeans in their lack of stretchiness but with enough softness to stop them from being unwearable. dancer eva alt seconds this, saying they\u2019re \u201clike the pair you always hope to find at a vintage store \u2014 just without the work.\u201d and there\u2019s a reason for that: the feel studio was founded by stylist stevie dance, who\u2019s a devout levi\u2019s wearer, according to kitchens, and the fit of these is inspired by old 501s. sizes and lengths: 23\u201331 with a 29-inch inseam | rise: 12 inches | stretch: not stretchy | cut: slightly cropped straight-leg | price: $$. reformation\u2019s cynthia jeans come in at more than a third of the price of the genuines but are similarly made so that they don\u2019t stretch out too much over time. but strategist managing editor kelsie schrader does compliment their unexpected comfort. \u201cnormally, when people call jeans \u2018comfortable,\u2019 i want to ask them how much levi\u2019s is paying them to say that, but truly, these are comfortable.\u201d she adds that they are the \u201cfirst pair of jeans i have ever, ever, ever liked,\u201d crediting their fit for being not too long on her five-foot-two frame, tight over her thighs, or loose at her waist. \u201csuch a fit has never happened for me,\u201d schrader says. these have a decidedly leggier silhouette, according to katie schmidt, owner and designer of the label passion lilie, who says they make her look as if she has even longer legs. \u2022 hallie abrams, founder of the wardrobe consultant\u2022 eva alt, dancer and choreographer\u2022 chloe anello, strategist writer\u2022 tinsaye berhanu, petite-plus influencer\u2022 maxine builder, strategist editor\u2022 jessica cadmus, stylist\u2022 carrie carrollo, digital content creator\u2022 erica cerulo, of a kind co-founder\u2022 natalie craig, petite-plus influencer\u2022 liza curtiss, le whit co-founder\u2022 monica heisey, u.k. strategist contributor\u2022 lizbeth hernandez, photographer\u2022 georgia may jagger, model\u2022 simone kitchens, strategist senior editor\u2022 jenni lee, founder of sock company comme si\u2022 lauren levy, former strategist staffer\u2022 jennifer mankins, bird founder\u2022 diana mccorry, writer\u2022 aly and aj michalka, musicians\u2022 jenna milliner-waddell, strategist writer\u2022 kat odell, travel and food writer\u2022 paige port, talent and business development vice president at dear media\u2022 hailey rizzo, blogger behind feeling good as hail\u2022 lauren ro, strategist writer\u2022 katie schmidt, owner and designer of label passion lilie\u2022 kelsie schrader, strategist managing editor\u2022 alexis swerdloff, deputy editor at new york\u2022 karla welch, celebrity stylist. the strategist is a site designed to surface the most useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. some of our latest conquests include the best notebook, black t-shirt, fashion-editor-approved jeans, toothbrush, and apartment d\u00e9cor. note that all prices are subject to change. if you buy something through our links, new york may earn an affiliate commission. every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. things you buy through our links may earn\u00a0us a commission. \"how\u00e2\u00a0can you not wear jeans?\" this was easily the most common question i was asked in the early years of my career when\u00e2\u0080\u0094yes, you guessed it\u00e2\u0080\u0094i did not wear jeans. looking back, i put it down to having never really having found the perfect pair. this was a time during which\u00e2\u00a0skinny\u00e2\u00a0jeans reigned and before straight-leg styles were as commonplace as they are now (if you can believe it!). fast-forward eight years or so, and now i live in jeans; i'd say six out of the seven days in the week, you'll find me wearing a pair, and i'm always on the lookout for new ways to get my denim fix.\u00e2. that's the beauty of the jeans world as it is now; there are just so many options to choose from. some might say even\u00e2\u00a0too\u00e2\u00a0many. between classic pairs such as\u00e2\u00a0levi's 501s\u00e2\u00a0and\u00e2\u00a0re/done's stove pipe jeans\u00e2\u00a0to the arguably more polarising styles that have resurged thanks to the enduring\u00e2\u00a0y2k\u00e2\u00a0aesthetic\u00e2\u0080\u0094here's looking at you, low-risers\u00e2\u0080\u0094the denim market has never been quite so booming or, depending on how you look at it, daunting.\u00e2. you'll have found yourself here via two avenues: 1) the headline piqued your interest as you scrolled social media/apple news or 2) you googled \"jeans\u00e2\u00a0trends 2023.\" i know many of you will have done so by way of the latter, so you'll be please to know i'm here to do just that: show you the best and most noteworthy jeans trends of 2023. from pairs that began trending last year that are still\u00e2\u00a0major\u00e2\u00a0contenders to the styles that feel brand-new and fresh, scroll on for my list of the 10 jeans trends that are set to dominate the next 365 days at least.\u00e2. style notes: puddle hemlines were one of the biggest trouser trends of 2022\u00e2\u0080\u0094now, they're taking over the 2023 jeans scene.\u00e2. these high-street jeans keep selling out.\u00e2. jeans like this look especially good worn with pointed-toe shoes.\u00e2. style notes:\u00e2\u00a0although straight-leg jeans will never go out of style, if you're looking for a subtle way to make your denim feel more current, the barrel-leg silhouette will help you do just that.\u00e2. these jeans come in sizes 6 to 22.\u00e2. style notes:\u00e2\u00a0flares were a predominant feature on the autumn/winter runways,\u00e2\u00a0but their influence on jeans is now being truly felt. for spring, i'm into the idea of a white pair.\u00e2. this free people pair comes in a handful of colourways.\u00e2. you can always count on river island to deliver on flared jeans.\u00e2. style notes:\u00e2\u00a0cargoes are another vital trend offshoot from the y2k aesthetic; right now, i'm seeing more denim iterations than ever.\u00e2. i expect this ganni pair will be hanging in every influencer's wardrobe by february.\u00e2. i like monki's sleek interpretation of the cargo jeans trend.\u00e2. style notes: you'll notice that brightly coloured or fun printed jeans haven't yet started to crop up (watch this space), but ombr\u00e3\u00a9? it's very much a thing.\u00e2. these\u00e2\u00a0are currently on sale and too good to miss.\u00e2. tie-dye has also taken a muted turn for 2023.\u00e2. style notes:\u00e2\u00a0split-hem leggings have hit their popularity peak, so it makes sense that jeans are now boasting the detail, too.\u00e2. jeans\u00e2\u00a0you can easily dress up with heels or down with converse.\u00e2. this abercrombie style comes in an extended size range.\u00e2. style notes: while some might look at this denim trend and think \"patchwork,\" the linear contrast panels feel significantly more polished. it's important to make\u00e2\u00a0the difference clear.\u00e2. the contrast pockets give this pair a retro, '70s appeal.\u00e2. if you're a straight-leg devotee like i am, this is a great way to upgrade your collection.\u00e2. style notes: if you invested in a pair of trending wide-leg jeans in 2022, rest assured this is no flash-in-the-pan buy; wide-leg denim is here to stay for 2023.\u00e2. the clue is in the name.\u00e2. look for classic shades of blue to make this silhouette feel its most refined.\u00e2. style notes: black jeans are never a bad investment, but light-wash grey pairs certainly feel fresher as we begin to think about spring.\u00e2. note the addition of the puddle hemline.\u00e2. a cropped pair is ideal for showcasing standout footwear.\u00e2. style notes: i've saved the most divisive jeans trend for 2023 for last. undone seams were a popular microtrend on the spring/summer runways; one that's slowly transitioning to denim. mark my words: you'll see this finish everywhere in just a few short months.\u00e2. these acne jeans tick off the extreme aesthetic of savina's pair.\u00e2. a more nuanced take.\u00e2. next up:\u00e2\u00a0spring/summer 2023 fashion trends: the 21 looks you need to know about. this story was published at an earlier time and has since been updated. 7 spring 2023 fashion trends to start wearing immediately... target's spring designer collection is so good irl... 10 affordable versions of taylor swift's post-breakup... 10 affordable swimwear brands to shop online\u2014including... these 10 large work bags are more spacious than my... scroll to see more images. if you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, stylecaster may receive an affiliate commission. if there\u2019s any item in your closet you\u2019re most likely to have a tumultuous relationship with, it\u2019s denim. jeans are notoriously tricky to shop for\u2014i can personally count quite a few near-tears dressing room experiences\u2014and once you think you\u2019ve found the perfect fitting pair, they stretch a whole size bigger after the first wear and then shrink three sizes in the wash. then, just as we started to move on from the skinny jeans debate, low-rise denim started trending (a controversial option). if you\u2019re reminiscing on the day of work-from-home and sweatpants, i don\u2019t blame you. however, i will say that the jean trends for 2023 give me hope for a denim-clad future\u2014and i promise, no low-rise needs to be included. one reason to get excited about denim for 2023 is that the material is going to be incorporated into way more wardrobe elements than just pants. the spring/summer \u201823 runway shows were all about denim in non-traditional ways. from denim maxi skirts at the burberry show, oversized shirts at blumarine, and denim-patterned mesh at diesel, you\u2019ll have your pick from plenty of versatile styling options\u2014you can fully participate without ever having to button a pair of jeans! blumarine; diesel; burberry; imaxtree. on the contrary, the huge resurgence of full-denim outfits may also make you fall in love with wearing a good ol\u2019 pair of jeans again. after all, jeans are still the ultimate pant for versatility\u2014they go with everything and can go anywhere. similar to the untraditional denim silhouettes on the runway, jean trends are switching things up. from cargo styles and two-toned washes to super baggy silhouettes, jeans are ready to move from being a staple piece to a statement piece. to help navigate the denim trend traverse kaili jimei miller, stylecaster\u2019s social editor, put a few trending pairs to the test from brands like revice, dl1961, lee and more. keep scrolling to get the low-down on every easily wearable denim trend for 2023. courtesy of kaili jimei miller. somewhere between the wide-leg vs. skinny-leg jeans debate, we\u2019ve found a happy medium with straight-leg jeans. this style works for casual events and always looks cute with a fresh pair of white sneakers but also can be dressed up with strappy heels and a blazer for work and social events. \u201cbooty-lifters! i don\u2019t know what it is about this fit or fabric, but these rails jeans made my tiny butt feel so good. my confidence went 0 to 100 real quick.\u201d. courtesy of kaili jimei miller. do you prefer dark wash or light wash? well, now you won\u2019t have to choose! two-toned or color-block jeans are one of the more adventurous jean trends hitting shelves in 2023. the colorblocking acts like a contour for your legs and will make them appear longer than they are. look for a pair with a slight flair to really play into the optical illusion. \u201ci feel snatched in these jeans\u2014they hug me in all the right places. i usually struggle with jeans fitting big in the waist and tight in the hip area, but i have no issues with these wranglers.\u201d. courtesy of kaili jimei miller. it\u2019s no secret that cargo pants have been having a moment the past few months. the casual, grungy style has taken over as the go-to pant to wear with sneakers and kitten heels alike. now, the style has formed a denim hybrid with cargo jeans. they\u2019re oversized, adjustable and hey! they have huge pockets. pair with black heels and a leather jacket for the ultimate night-out look. \u201cthese revice\u2019s are like the perfect love child of parachute pants and denim. i feel so trendy in them, they\u2019re comfortable, and the fabric is super soft.\u201d. courtesy of kaili jimei miller. if you love a crop top, listen up! jeans with an asymmetrical waist are the perfect way to add fun design detail to your fit and\u00a0make your waist look snatched! an asymmetrical pair of jeans usually comes with a wider leg cut or in a vintage-inspired mom jean cut. if you\u2019re in the select group of people who love a low-rise fit, sizing up in a pair with an asymmetrical waist will let you wear them lower on your hips without having to add a belt (or worry about them falling down). \u201csome jeans with asymmetrical waistlines pucker up really funny when you sit, but these don\u2019t! plus, i love the light wash and wide leg.\u201d. courtesy of kaili jimei miller. you can thank bella hadid for reviving the\u00a0super\u00a0baggy jean trend\u2014i swear every pair she wears gradually gets baggier and baggier. this style is meant to pool at the hem and fit loosely all the way up the leg. rocking baggy jeans is all about understanding proportions\u2014if you\u2019re wearing something really oversized on the bottom, balance it out with a fitted shirt or jacket on top to keep everything in balance. \u201clee, baby. you\u2019ve done it again. i love that the wash isn\u2019t giving your typical dark denim. the high-rise waist feels so flattering, and the denim has a slight stretch, so i never feel stiffness when sitting down.\u201d. courtesy of kaili jimei miller. as demonstrated by the runway images above, full-denim \u2018fits are the new uniform for 2023. while you can play with oversized proportions, layering or skirts, a classic canadian tuxedo will always be a chic option. for a canadian tux, the denim can either match exactly or be a similar shade\u2014plus, the look can be mixed and matched every which way. \u201ci\u2019ve never been one to pull a britney and jt moment, but this set is so fun working. sometimes denim can be really stiff and not have any give, but these jeans and jacket are made from the smoothest denim i\u2019ve ever felt.\u201d. stylecaster is a part of penske media corporation. \u00a9 2023 shemedia, llc. all rights reserved. powered by wordpress vip. 11 october 2022 \u00b7 22 comments. 2023 jeans trends: which jeans to buy this year to refresh our personal jeans collection and our outfits? first of all, it seems that the fateful moment has really arrived, this time: after several seasons in which we had been \u201cthreatened\u201d that skinny jeans were going down, this time they really seem to be a bit out of fashion. and i admit it: it\u2019s a bit of a trauma, because besides having a physique suitable for skinny jeans (my legs seem to age miraculously better than other parts of my body), i also found them extraordinarily versatile. from day (with a low ankle boot or a pair of medium heeled sandals) to night (with a more feminine, high-heeled shoe), they were perfect for so many outfits! also, the models among the 2023 jeans trends are really many. the concept, in general, seems to be a bit like this: anything that isn\u2019t skinny, especially if it\u2019s short at the ankle, is in fashion this year and creates a \u201c2023\u201d touch in your look. obviously, the 2023 jeans trends discourse is more complex than that and the cuts are really many, all with names like \u201ccropped flare\u201d, \u201cculotte jeans\u201d and so on; but by now you know me and you know that i like to simplify and get straight to the point. but beyond the multiple denominations ( have a look at this post), in this post i would like to propose you a survey of the 2023 jeans trends (or, at least some of them: there are so many!). all the images are taken from pinterest, which is really a great source of inspiration not only to view the various trends and start to understand if they are suitable for us or if we like them but, also, to have some great tips and inspiration on how to wear them! cropped bootcut/flare jeans, probably my favorite cut of the 2023 jeans trends\u2026. easy to wear, the important thing is to match them with the right shoes, like the sock boots we have seen these last seasons. where to buy trendy, contemporary jeans? you can find some of the trendiest models of 2023 on amazon at an incredible price: this is the case of the levi\u2019s 501 cropped jeans , one of the trendiest models of 2023 that suits almost every woman. an incredible choice of well-known brands, but their own brands are gorgeous too, with an excellent quality-price ratio: see here. for high end jeans, have a look to the incredibly fashionable choice on farfetch: see here. endless choice, great prices, free returns: see here. great return of the straight leg jeans: to avoid the \u201ctrunk\u201d effect, opt for a short ankle-length version: it\u2019s almost always slimming! black jeans: they are ideal to enhance the 2023 jeans trends with unusual cuts or, in general, wider and slightly voluminous models\u2026. among the 2023 jeans trends, the good old slim bootcut jeans is back. ideal for those who want a more sexy and feminine cut (which, let\u2019s face it, are not very present among the 2023 jeans trends). discover my favorite fashion, beauty and lifestyle products for women over 40:. here you will find a great selection of my favorite amazon products. 9 september 2020 at 15:46. 10 september 2020 at 11:40. 15 march 2023 at 0:35. i am so digging the 2023 looks; have been wearing them for the last two years, thanks to pinterest and french fashion.\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95. 7 march 2022 at 12:17. awesome! this post is really amazing. love this post. yes, i think im settling for the slightly longer 2022 bootcut. they are the perfect more higher midrise version like levi 725 for 2022. i am already bored with the low rise, although nice for summer. but when it gets colder, low rise never looks good with anything except bared stomach, and that is simply not appropriate too many places. and tacky. its a nice update on the 2000. 4 april 2022 at 13:59. hi martine, i don\u2019t like the low rise too, it\u2019s so uncomfortable! 12 august 2022 at 22:57. you have made such cute collection of denim jeans. 26 august 2022 at 10:24. hate the new look. looks like everyone was in a flood with the shorter lengths.cropped hems with a flare just look ridiculous. low rise is for teens that haven\u2019t had kids yet and not a good look with stomachs (usually flabby) sticking out not to mention when you sit down and have the \u201cplumbers butt\u201d hanging out. what are they thinking? baggy jeans just look sloppy.i\u2019m already slim so don\u2019t need the \u201cslimming look\u201d. i\u2019ll be saving a lot of money cause not buying jeans this year. sticking with my old semi-skinny jeans which look great with boots, booties and sandals-this new trend won\u2019t last long. 6 september 2022 at 0:06. yep. hate the flooder pants. to me, it\u2019s all about proportion. don\u2019t mind the others, as long as they are in proportion to the body wearing them. 8 september 2022 at 7:02. awesome post!!! thank u! 4 october 2022 at 15:53. when you\u2019re short and plus size, this shorter jean is a no. 11 november 2022 at 5:04. amen, sister! we might be twins! 15 november 2022 at 7:28. i love that! have a good day! 5 december 2022 at 22:46. cropped jeans are as bad as cropped pants. they generally flatter no one. they cut off your legs and make most people look dumpy. i\u2019m sticking to jeans that flatter my own body and i\u2019m not letting the fashion industry shame me into wearing skinny jeans. let\u2019s face it, jeans last a long time and the industry needs us to buy new jeans hence the trends. 6 march 2023 at 17:16. 13 march 2023 at 22:00. i actually love wide leg crop jeans \u2026. have some great pairs already by nydj last year and logo by lori goldstein. i like to wear them with booties in the cooler months and sandals in the spring and summer. it all depends on proportion and how you wear them. i am 5\u20197 and have slender legs, so they balance my figure. i also love wide leg jeans and started wearing them last year. not sure i care for the flares that stop at the ankle, they look a little too trendy for a more classic style. 27 march 2023 at 2:59. this makes me crazy. two years ago we all \u201ccared\u201d about the planet and garment industry workers in 3rd world countries. everyone was big on \u201ccapsule wardrobes with high quality items that last years\u201d. now we all are required to buy new jeans because someone decided our old ones were out of fashion? even if i buy ethical stuff, almost nobody else does. if the last two years taught me anything it\u2019s pretty much that the rest of the human race doesn\u2019t get to make my life decisions for me. 6 march 2023 at 17:14. being short is the worst, especially when it comes to jeans! i always hate these trends that come and go because trendy styles do not look good on all bodies. i say forget what\u2019s in trend and go for what makes you look and feel good!! for me, skinny jeans make my legs look longer and leaner. any wide legs jean makes me look shorter and frumpy. no thanks! 12 december 2022 at 3:38. i am kind of excited for the high waters! i am tall and have a long inseam so my problems of finding the perfect length pant are in the past! well at least for 2023! 5 march 2023 at 17:11. i like seeing a heel with jeans again, but like anything, wear what you like, and what you find flattering for you. \ud83d\ude42. 2 april 2023 at 20:19. hi! great looks. is it possible to get the brand for the short-sleeved black blouse shown in the photo featuring the high-waist boyfriend jeans? hi meredith, unfortunately, i don\u2019t know the brand, i\u2019m sorry! error: no feed found.\nplease go to the instagram feed settings page to create a feed. please go to the instagram feed settings page to create a feed. copyright \u00a9\u00a02023 \u00b7 no time for style. don't see the point.  not versatile and you could just cuff your jeans to get the same look. [deleted]   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.9047  > 38822) i like 'em. would look great with chuck taylors or boat shoes. like hawkbit said, they're slightly pointless, but sometimes if you cuff jeans that high, the cuff gets unseemly bulky because of the weight of the fabric. cropped and cuffed (double and higher) looks look terrible on short people, since it makes it seem that your legs are shorter and stubbier than they actually are. as someone who is 5'8\" this fact makes me sad =( yellow weft is a bit weird, white would look better. i can see them being okay *sometimes*, but not often. mother. i\u2019ve worn both my pairs down to pretty much nothing, and i\u2019m someone who generally hates jeans. completely worth the price, and they have a variety of styles. madewell, baby! i have a bit of a belly, but when i wear my madewells, i *always* get compliments on how flat my stomach is \ud83d\ude02 and they hold up phenomenally. i literally trekked through europe in one of my pairs, and they still look fresh. also are generally pretty affordable, they have sales constantly.i\u2019m a millennial baby, so skinny jeans are life, however i gave in and bought the perfect vintage straight jeans from them and gotta say, they are soooo flattering. they still suck in my belly, baggy in all the perfect places. would highly recommend. based on my experience, i will literally never wear anything but madewells again. don\u2019t sleep on [wrangler](https://www.wrangler.com/shop/womens-straight-leg-jean-ao9mt.html?merchcategory=wrg_women_jeans&dwvar_ao9mt_color=09mwtds). if you\u2019re not a boring jeans minimalist like me, they have some [fun flares](https://www.wrangler.com/shop/women-jeans?prefn1=styling_leg&prefv1=flare) right now. i have several pairs of gap slim straight jeans. they used to be called the cigarette jean. high rise, slim straight leg, hits at the ankle. i think it's just 1% stretch so they also provide some support for my wiggly areas.i also have 2 pairs of classic straight cuts from a brand called just black. they're 100% cotton, lightweight and super comfy. the way they're finished, they're neater and more clean lined, so they look more polished than the gap pairs. rag and bone and frame are my faves but there are a ton of good ones. j brand are great and diesel too! i\u2019m a big abercrombie jeans fan - i have a few pairs i\u2019ve owned for five years plus, and they\u2019re still going strong. i like this ultra high rise skinny for wearing with boots, and their curve love high rise 90s relaxed jean (size down) for a baggier look. i miss having an abercrombie near me because i will say, their sizing can be really variable depending on the style. i had a baby in 2020 and my body changed enormously and i replaced all my jeans this year once i got into shape. i'm 5'9 with a 31\" inseam and my favorite jeans are:* levi 501's - i got these cropped and non-distressed and i loved that i could pick the length and not just waist size* levi's wedgie straight fit - fit is super similar to the 501's but curve around the butt a little more, enhancing it a little more* madewell's perfect vintage straight jean - i got these in a tall and they fit great. the magic pockets are.... magic. they smooth and suck in and it's wild.* free people we the free lasso straight leg jeans - better for folks who don't have a large difference between waist and hip measurements. i find that these fit great (no gapping) in the waist and also emphasize the ass nicely too. old navy. i\u2019m obsessed! agolde riley (cropped and long) and levi\u2019s 70s straight 7 for all mankind but before pregnancy it was paige. turns out hero don\u2019t wear capes, they wear high waisted skinny jeans.  thank you! this is awesome!!! i saved the spreadsheet for when i\u2019m ready to buy another pair of jeans. have you tried everlane\u2019s authentic stretch high-rise skinny jeans? the material is pretty thick and stretchy and fits me really well.  thank you for repping your canada sisters! best valentines present ever! i worked in levi\u2019s so i have spent a lot of time with women trying get the fit of high waisted jeans to work for different body types.in general, with the measurements you listed, women tend to have a problem with the stretch on mile high super skinnies as they can cling to the hips in an unflattering way and the rise of the jeans can be just a little too high for some people\u2019s proportions so the denim gathers in awkward places.i would recommend trying out the 721 fit (or the 720 which is just a tighter ankle opening). it\u2019s still a high rise skinny but it is a lot more flattering on this body type. the material tends to be heavier which is also better, but still there is a bit of variety in quality across the different washes of denim. for girls with less curves the mile high is super comfortable and a lot of customers swear by them (myself included), but i have found several people mention they wear down and rip in the inner thighs a bit more easily than other levi\u2019s.  wow, this is incredible. you are amazing! i didn't realize how much i'd grown to rely on the stretchy jegging/ponte fabric in my pants because so many pants didn't fit my thighs correctly otherwise.  i always struggled with pants shopping, like, i absolutely dreaded it - but then madewell. they are all i buy now. i work in a production environment so i\u2019m constantly stooping/crouching/leaning, and i\u2019ve been blessed with a large ass, so it\u2019s a pretty big achievement when i can go for eight hours without feeling like i constantly have to pull them up, or feel like i want to rip them off because they keep cutting into my gut. i wore the same pair of jeans every single day for two weeks just for science and they did. not. quit. the stretch was still nice and tight and even after several dozen washes and a year later, my ass still felt like it was being cradled in angels wings. the only reason i have to eventually retire a pair is because my thigh rub eventually burns a hole. i don\u2019t care if a nasa scientist developed a proprietary material for curvy chicks, after so many miles my thighs are going to damage some fabric.so yeah, i like madewell  you could not have posted this at a better time for myself! i\u2019m in the market for some nice jeans that really fit properly. no more of this trading off fit in the legs and butt only to have a muffin top. also canadian and also struggle with finding a decent quality denim without having to sell my firstborn child.i love how you\u2019ve included on the spreadsheet to buy a size up or size down! extremely helpful. oooh thank you! i have the exact same preferences as you and i'm also curvy, my all time favourites are the lucky brand high-rise bella skinny jeans, but hayden has worked for me as well. i've tried soooo many brands of jeans but i always come back to lucky brand.also, weirdly, levi's have never fit me. i've probably tried on 30+ pairs of all the different fits with no luck. i really wish they would make skinny jeans that are for big calved girls. mine always bunch up when i sit down and i have to push them down when i stand up.  if you like the way it looks, go for it. if you're still in hs people will definitely clown on you or give you weird looks, but it's whatever. i wear cropped pants like 2 or 3 times a week with hi's or cons and that shit looks clean as fuck, broads love it, but everyone will think you're kinda fruity for a while. i'm 5'7 and i have some cropped pants. they don't make you look short at all inspohttp://www.reddit.com/r/streetwear/comments/46rgdg/_/ i'm only 5'8, and all my pants are cropped. if you like the style, go for it. if it does help though i have a fairly lanky frame considering my height, if you have a bulkier frame it may or may not work. you just gotta find the right length to crop to compliment your heightedit: here's two of my cropped pants - http://imgur.com/sfordv4 (these are loose but tapered)- http://imgur.com/uk6vgjq (i left these unhemmed at the end) it'll look good! i have a pair that i did, they look better slim rather than skinny and tapered tho. ayy avery i like the look but 6'3 so. if you want to try it out you can cuff your jeans first. one way other than the regular way is to let it stack, grab a stack at the preferred height, and push it up into the pant leg. looks exactly like it's cropped look to /u/nipple559  for inspo. he rocks cropped pants a lot and is shorter than you, i'm p sure. i do feel outdated wearing skinny jeans even though realistically a lot of people my age (early 30s) are wearing them and wouldn\u2019t consider me out of style for it. i\u2019ve started wearing straight jeans as they\u2019re the most reasonable swap, and looking for a flare jean that doesn\u2019t make me feel ridiculous or like i\u2019m reliving my middle school glory days. i'm going to say that i was one of those people holding onto their skinny jeans until i went to a shop and tried a bunch of new styles and found one i like. mom jeans and flares are not for me, but boyfriend jeans and straight are absolutely fine and they are so comfortable. i can't believe i waited for so long.so, my advice would be: go to a shop, try a few different styles and see how you feel about it. you don't have to wear mom jeans if they don't work for you but there are many new styles. i like the ankle grazer ones, as i can wear with fun trainers, sandals or converse.i now tend to wear a lot of bodysuits or slim tank tops so, my torso has a slim fitting top while my bottom is loose. basically, i dress like i used to dress in the 80s/90s i dunno, man, i\u2019m just wearing whatever was popular in delia\u2019s 24 years ago that my parents wouldn\u2019t buy me. i find it hilarious i was wearing baggy pants and tiny tank tops then, and i am wearing them the second time around. it\u2019s comfortable and i am living out a childhood fashion dream. and i don\u2019t particularly care if a 20something finds me try-hard for it, i\u2019m happy.that said i absolutely also have high-rise skinny jeans i break out a fair amount. and flares. wear what you\u2019re comfortable in and what flatters you. if you want to try new trends, try new trends. or abandon jeans altogether and just wear dresses or black cigarette pants. fashion is supposed to be fun and make you feel good. so go towards that direction. try a pair of straight leg, not that different from skinny. once i tried straight leg and boot cut, i can\u2019t wear skinny jeans anymore. they seem ridiculously tight around the ankle now. that said, plenty of young people still wearing skinny jeans in chicago. millennials are 25 to 40 now. gen z is 25 and below.there was a post on here the other day saying that as a millennial when you wear the baggy jeans and mom jeans you look like a try-hard.you just can't win. wear what looks good on you and forget the rest. you can always change the way things are presented with present day tops and accessories. keep wearing what you love. i\u2019m happy to see wide leg pants back, they feel more comfortable for me so i\u2019m stocking up because i know they\u2019ll be out sooner rather than later. it\u2019s all i\u2019m willing to wear. i just use those other parts to keep them looking fresh. you should wear what flatters you the most! but honestly seeing people (not you! just this topic) get so heated about this topic is so strange to me. 20 year olds do not care what you wear and nobody is \u201cprying it from your hands\u201d\u2026 just do what you want! i personally do not look good in skinny jeans and have welcomed the expansion of trends. if you want to be adventurous and but still feel comfortable, maybe try some straight leg jeans. 30f, why not just wear both? have accessories, tops, and shoes to compliment both skinny and mom jeans. i have acquired a huge wardrobe but i enjoy the flexibility of always being unpredictable and wearing a ton of different fashions. this sub is full of people who hate new denim trends and want you to pry their skinny jeans out of their \u201ccold dead hands\u201d so you\u2019re definitely going to find plenty of people who agree with you about preferring skinny jeans.  that said, you\u2019re right, skinny jeans aren\u2019t in style. baggy jeans and flares are in. mom jeans were in a few years ago but i think they\u2019re just starting to reach some places.  people talk about skinny jeans being \u201ctimeless\u201d or \u201calways in style\u201d but we say that every time something we like is no longer trendy. flares didn\u2019t stay \u201ctimeless\u201d after 2010, they looked super dated. now they\u2019re back, but it\u2019s not like they stayed in style.   let me be clear, there is nothing wrong with wearing what you like and what looks good on you. but don\u2019t forget about the fact that some silhouettes just take getting used to! i was super against any looser fitting jeans until i got used to the look on my body, and now wearing skinny jeans feels so unfashionable i hardly wear them.   i know i\u2019ll probably get downvoted for not joining the \u201cskinny jeans are timeless\u201d chorus, but i don\u2019t think it\u2019s doing you any favors to sit in an echo chamber of people who are afraid to step out of their comfort zone.   baggy jeans look really cute on a lot of people. i\u2019ve seen plenty of petite women wearing baggy jeans or flares and a crop top and they look great. i think it\u2019s worth exploring other styles if you\u2019re open to it. i never thought i'd give up skinny jeans...but the looser jeans are so much more comfortable. so i've kicked my skinny jeans to the curb (if i'm dressing up cute, i'll wear a skirt, not skinny jeans! and baggier jeans for everyday gets stuff done!) and am a full convert. my main thing now is i used to do the \"oversized sweater + skinnies\" silhouette, but i feel sloppy if i'm loose on top and bottom. so a lot of my sweaters are now \"just to wear with skirts\", which is a shame because they don't get worn as much! i\u2019ve been having the same dilemma finding baggier jeans, and i\u2019m loving american eagle\u2019s curvy mom jeans. i bought my normal size, and the thigh/hip is bigger than their standard and which works perfect for me. might be worth checking out! this is my favorite style of jeans and one of the most flattering for my body type, but it is dang near impossible to find ones that fit my thighs. the best option i've found is the asos farleigh, which i actually order from their petite range to get the cropped look. madewell has started making a curvy range (straight sizes, just cut differently), and i have a pair of [these](https://www.madewell.com/the-curvy-perfect-vintage-jean-in-fitzgerald-wash-k7526.html) too. i'm still breaking them in (100% cotton), but i think they'll end up fitting really well. i tried the same style in my regular size 27 from their normal range and they didn't make it past my thighs. try levi's! i'm a similar size (usually a 6/8, with thicker thighs/booty and a slimmer waist) and i had the *hardest* time finding high-waisted, straight leg, cropped jeans earlier this year. eventually i landed on levi's wedgie straight in a size 28\u2014they're slightly too big in the waist on me, but they do have ample room in the thighs (i.e., loose enough to look like a true straight leg fit instead of skinnies). as a person with the exact same issue (27 but more often i size up to 28 because of my thighs and hips), let me introduce to you my favourite pair after much trial and error, abrand's a 94 high slim jeans!! they're still loose but has a slim fit that doesn't make my thighs look odd like other mom jeans do, and they're easily the most comfortable pair of jeans i've worn. if they're too long for the cropped look, you could probably have them cropped or just wear them rolled up.it is an australian brand but [princess polly](https://www.princesspolly.com/nsearch/?q=abrand+a+94) (which is more international shipping fee friendly) stocks them. so i have a pair of jeans that look pretty much like your pic! they are from gap and a size 29. [pic of jeans on me](https://i.imgur.com/o7pn4zh.jpg) my thighs are about 22 inches and these don\u2019t constrict them at all. find a good tailor! no, really. once you get a taste of what tailors can do to your clothing and their fit, you'll start wondering how on earth you ever managed without. for me, i know which word to look for in regular sizing descriptions: flare on more dressy pants = more or less a a straight falling fit on me. i can imagine you might have to look for styles that are described as more baggy to have them fit like this on your body. now, once you fit a jeans that fit, make sure they fit well on your thighs. if it's 1 or maybe even 2 sizes up from what you'd need on your waist: no worries, your tailor can fix this. obviously, there's an extra cost involved in getting your clothes altered, so nowadays i tend to buy higher quality / longer lasting items to justify alterations. its not cheap but check out levis made and crafted barrel jean. i have two and its a carved out thigh but if you size down it gives the thigh plenty of room while mantaining that mom jean shape target has the best mom jeans! have you checked out madewell? they have a good amount of denim options and you can get it tailored too i also vote asos due to the massive selection of jeans however if you have plenty of time on your hands one day i recommend going to the thrift store and trying on all the loose fitting jeans. if you can luck up on a pair of loose fitting levi\u2019s that would most likely be perfect! me, an elder millennial with tired old style plus a postpartum body like \ud83d\udc41\ufe0f\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc41\ufe0f  i think where i struggle is i just .. don\u2019t understand my body any more. like, high waisted skinny jeans don\u2019t look good on me because my torso is short so they go way up high but also i\u2019m somehow thicker after the baby. i weigh the same as i did prepregnancy but i\u2019m\u2026 thicker in the waist. so what little defined waist there is gets filled in by the denim of the high waist.   but then what do i tuck my primordial pouch into if not high waisted jeans ? i love my body and i\u2019m not ashamed of it but i just feel kind of out of place.   this is super helpful, gonna go back to reading about mom jeans \ud83e\udd79 i\u2019m loving all the new pant styles but struggling with shoes.  i hate the way my feet look in flats and also feel like a wide leg or flare looks best when paired with a heel.   i do have a few pairs of the chunkier low boots but they feel so clunky in anything other than a skinny leg.  i have a trip to paris/london coming up and have no idea what kind of shoe to pair these wider leg bottom jeans/pants to that will still be comfortable after days of walking.  i\u2019m over 50 and like to stay current without going overboard. can you please do a similar post on shoes?!?! i'm moving past the skinnies, but don't love the chunky combat boot and don't wear heels. please help:) interesting re belting. i have a rounder stomach and what really emphasizes it are the high waisted trousers (which makes me feel like [a gnome gardener](https://tse3.mm.bing.net/th?id=oip.jm22mbtw3yakak_ok3o6mgaaaa&pid=api)). belted low/mid rise trousers, on the other hand, de-emphasise it. i thought the opposite would be the case but there you go.   also: stoked to hear full-length hems are in because it's been sheer hell trying to buy trousers for some years now. i even went full tinfoil mode and complained that businesses were trying to save on fabric at my expense : ) i need a post on incorporating older accessories into a more modern wardrobe. i find it easier to update staple pieces but then i age myself with my jewelry because i haven't really updated anything in over a decade. i don't wear a lot of jewelry but when i do, i feel like it can make or break an outfit. this entire post basically grabbed me by the scruff of my neck and dragged me across the pavement great post, i'd love to see more.   i'd also like to discuss some of the topics you raise. first off, i'm gen x, not millennial, so i went through many many jean silhouettes before this. in the early 90s, we mostly wore a basic mom jean/seinfeld style. we also wore painter jeans, super wide leg house jeans, and low riding baggy style hip hop jeans. the mid 90s was dominated by bootcut jeans, but flares also gained popularity. i wore literally all of the above, except baggy jeans. i even had a rare pair of skinny jeans that were a throwback to late 70s/early 80s punk style which i wore with docs. the 2000s were all about the low rise flares, which i loved, until skinny jeans came on the scene - of which i was an early enthusiastic adopter. i literally bought my first pair of skinnies and put all my flares away.   now i'm old, and i'm having trouble adopting new styles, but i'm definitely tired of skinny jeans. i think the problem for me is that i'm very short and bigger than i used to be, so all the new jean silhouettes make me look shapeless. one thing i noticed about the dated photos you shared vs the new ones is that the older ones do look, cuter and more put together to my eye, but they also read as \"basic\". the new photos look more contemporary, but there's almost an anti-fashion sensibility with the frayed hems and boxy silhouettes that i think look ok in the photos pictured but on an older, chubbier person just reads as sloppy and unkempt. last fall i went out to do some errands in a new pair of mom jeans that i bought pre-frayed, and i was treated poorly by retail staff at a couple different places. i even got free food from a bakery, where i guess i was mistaken for a very poor or homeless person??? great content, a lot of work to put this together but i think this is immensely helpful to loads of people.i gave up on skinnies a while ago but do hold onto my black high waisted skinnies for work with a tucked in blouse or bodysuit with an oversized blazer and higher ankle boots. have embraced wide leg, and straight leg styles more, but it\u2019s nice these days to have a lot of jean options that you can make work really well in your wardrobe! this is genuine female fashion advice.  as a millennial who still owns (and loves) skinnies, thank you. i love this, and thank you for the \"cold dead hands\" comment so we don't have to see everyone else say it. as a millennial, i used to love skinny jeans more than anything, but since i switched over to other cuts last summer... i cannot imagine being in them again. i\u2019ve worn slightly cropped straight leg jeans for the past two winters with chunky knits and don\u2019t even have an issue tucking them into boots. as long as the fit is slim and not a baggy boyfriend jean, they should be fine. also i live in a snowy area and have also worn cropped flared pants with heeled boots and sweaters together.if you want to wear skinny jeans though, that\u2019s fine. gen z may poke fun at them online but in the real world, i really don\u2019t think most people care/notice jean trends as much as we may think. first of all, you can continue to wear skinnies. you don't have to wear anything you dislike.  however, if you do want to try something else you can go for straight leg, which i wouldn't consider baggy.and, that leaves more room for thermal leggings underneath. i don't think the only options are skinny or baggy.  there are trendier options that aren't what i would consider to be baggy jeans.  you can still do a slim straight with an oversized knit like [this](https://images.squarespace-cdn.com/content/v1/5b218e83b40b9d0951a19953/1572920567427-gnfs1esc8xvvu933rrox/bootsforwinter-5.jpg) or [this](https://i.styleoholic.com/2020/08/a-neutral-oversized-sweater-blue-straight-leg-jeans-snake-print-booties-and-a-camel-bag.jpg)  [straight jeans with a tucked sweater](https://www.michelletomczak.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/img_7504.jpg)  with a bootcut or flare like [this](https://st.mngbcn.com/rcs/pics/static/t7/fotos/outfit/s20/77017631_15-99999999_01.jpg?ts=1601546649344&imwidth=337&imdensity=1) or [this](https://cdn.lookastic.com/looks/charcoal-oversized-sweater-black-flare-jeans-black-tote-bag-large-7718.jpg)  [looser jeans with a cropped sweater](https://gabriellearruda.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/baggyjeansoutfitidea8.jpg)    this falls more into what i would consider baggy - [with a big sweater.](https://stylereportmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/oversized-sweater-and-jeans.jpg) just wear skinny jeans? who cares what's on trend? wear what you like and enjoy.  fashion is weird. i think mom jeans are the most awful things ever to bring back, yet here we are they are top fashion now...again...it's rare to see anyone who looks good in every trend. just flatter your style and body and move on with your day. no one else cares what you wear. i like the look of straight leg jeans and think they look good with looser tops. but i agree with the \u201cwhat about boots\u201d question and will probably keep wearing skinnies. you wear what fits your body type and style the best. i have the body type and style that fits skinny jeans the best. i hate baggy clothes and baggy bottoms. under no circumstances would i let trends rule over me if/when i have a timeless style\ud83d\ude43 leggings? good thick ones. i wear ponte or fleece lined leggings that are thick enough to feel ... not immodest. i\u2019ll be wearing my skinny jeans and thermal jeggings in winter. winter doesn\u2019t care about trends. madewell curvy high rise skinny. they do indeed fit like they were made for me. i like the dark lucille wash, as i feel like they go with everything. i'm tallish with a long torso, so these jeans were a god send when i found them.  i hate all my jeans. i buy them and end up donating them a month later. i think my ideal pair would be high rise, curvy fit, slim straight leg, ankle length but i haven't found the right ones yet. edit: thanks for the suggestions, everyone! i'll try them and report back.  i love skinny jeans! i recently purchased a pair of black high rise skinny jeans from american eagle and they hug my body nicely! i also love high rise wide leg pants. you know, the ones with the flat front and makes your bum look nice. yes those! i have a thrifted red, plaid pair but they're uber right on my thighs so i may have to let them go soon.  still searching for the one and it's getting harder because everything is high rise these days. i'm long legged and short waisted and that combo makes me look ridiculous in high rise jeans. sucks being built from the spare parts bin. honestly? wide leg. so comfortable and i dont' have to worry about my pants not fitting just cuz i'm bloated.  urban outfitters bdg mom jeans are the only jeans i wear at the moment. they don't fit like your typical mom jeans, they're more like super high-waisted cigarette pants with a bit of crop. 10/10 would recommend, especially if you're like me and anything which doesn't come up to your belly button is a literal sin. i\u2019m a denim fiend. denim is my passion. i collect vintage denim. i\u2019m also waist 23-24 so they\u2019re technically rare junior sizing and it makes the hunt even more fun. i currently have over 15 pairs of vintage denim long and short that are an assortment of levi\u2019s, wranglers, lees, guess, and other obscure brands. i\u2019m really specific about how my denim fits and they all must have at least 11\u201d rise or 12\u201d ideally. i don\u2019t mind how long it is because i can tailor them or cut them/distress them to my liking. but i do keep couple of them in mint condition just in case i want to resell in the future. i also hate stretch denim so i don\u2019t often buy those except for a couple exceptions. i do have a pair of re/done that i really like and i plan to try more in the future. other than my vintage collection, i own a lot of levi\u2019s 501 skinnies, uniqlo u/regular uniqlo collection denim, bunch of korean street brands that i bought from home, and bdg. i personally love bdg for my non-vintage collection because they usually let me buy trendier stuff without the levi\u2019s price tag because i tend to let myself splurge on vintage if the price tag is higher. i do want to try denim from agolde but a lot of their fits i can find easily with vintage and at better cotton composition and quality. i usually stay away from current denim brands if they don\u2019t have exact inseam and waist size measurements because i\u2019m so petite. aside from jeans and shorts, i\u2019m growing a denim skirt collection\u2014vintage and current. trying to grow a denim jacket collection too...i have a problem. i honestly want to start my own denim company one day lol i love the ultra high rise jeggings from american eagle! the sizing is perfect and i'm glad they come in short and extra short sizes. i feel like they flatter my frame really well and they are always having sales so you can always buy them at a good price. and they are super, super comfortable! i have a pair of the highest rise skinny jeans from target and they fit me damn near perfectly, if i could replace all my jeans with them i would. wear the skinny jeans.i never let go of my boyfriend-fit mid/high rise through the low rise and skinny waves, because they fit me well and look good.  pluck what you like from the flotsam and jetsam of the fashion flood and sail on! i\u2019m 39 in a couple of weeks and i\u2019ve been thinking a lot about youth and relevancy and trends. and like\u2026trends aren\u2019t for me anymore. they don\u2019t signal an important message to people of my cohort the way young people use trends to set themselves apart from older generations. but when i look at older women who still seem really vibrant and cool, it\u2019s because they\u2019re doing their own thing. they have their own style and they don\u2019t follow trends. they wear what they like from whatever era, and they mix it in a way that only they could do. trend cycles are so short these days anyway. it sounds like skinny jeans match your style, so lean into it. i\u2019m never going to stop side parting my hair, and it doesn\u2019t really matter what anyone else has to say about it because it\u2019s not their head. and if i\u2019m being totally honest, a lot of gen z trends are baffling to me. why do they dress like my grandma in 1989?? i'm not giving up my skinny jeans. i have nice legs and everything else makes them look huge. i'm already top heavy so i don't need the extra volume. i just cut myself some bangs, and my husband muttered something about stevie nicks. idgaf, and neither should you. wear the jeans you feel confident in! wear them! i won't give them up either. i have really short legs and feel like any other type of jean just swallows me up and makes me look funny.i am 37 years old. i am not interested in what the kids are doing. imma be over here wearing high waisted skinny jeans being an old lady thanks. a wise woman once told me that trends are for people who don't have personal style. it sounds kinda snarky but the context was that trends should help you develop your style, not be your style. if you've found your style, embrace it. i was at a concert last night and probably 50% of the jeans were skinny. i think we're in a \"whatever goes\" style period. tall boots are coming back in, and those necessitate a skinny to show them off. i don't think skinnies are going anywhere in any kind of permanent sense. wear why you like. that\u2019s the best part of being 35+, you don\u2019t have to give any shits about trends or what other people think. i can\u2019t figure out how to make the modern lighter wash straight leg jeans look professional at the office so i am definitely keeping my dark skinny jeans around for there. jeans jeans and more jeans ladies i have quite a treat for you today it's not your average jeans video it's head to toe dripping in denim coverage [music] here are the top denim trends of 2023 everything is linked down below for you and stick around till the end where i go over my take on skinnies and high-waisted jeans the straight jeans this is the most popular style that i have seen that looks wearable and i recommend this as a staple in any woman's closet so let me tell you why this particular one is high-waisted which is flattering by default right it hides muffins and donuts and cupcakes then you have this length i love it because i personally find ankles very attractive you see if you're like me and adore shoes and heels in particular if i can show them off this is the pair for me the fit itself is slim straight which means that from the hips it goes down following your natural lines without looking baggy and this is important because you want room you don't want the skinny jean carrot shape to mold around your inner thighs which by the way is where we gain weight so guess how i know and now you have the comfort the shape and visual width balance between your hips and ankles bucket jeans if you've never heard of the strand don't worry neither have i until i researched it so i've seen this style quite a bit it's basically adding another foot of material to the bottom and then turning it inside out so picture wearing your sister's outgrown jeans you know which sister the one that's uh one foot taller than you overlapping waistline my goodness this takes me back to the early 2000s yes this was my it style in high school when you don't have a tummy this pair feels so amazing oh the good old days i mean don't get me wrong anyone can wear them but when i see this style it makes me look at the belly button and it's emphasizing the waistline so if you don't want people to look at your abdomen deflect by wearing a style that is flared out but perhaps accentuates the legs more such as an ombre or added detail in the pants themselves and speaking of flare jeans this style is not only popular but pretty flattering as well as long as you don't exaggerate it you could get away with wearing these for a really long time i don't plan on partying from mine until they're completely worn out i buy for me not for seasonality so take advantage of trends to try out new styles or add to your collection pieces you already know you will like and will wear for years to come and this year we see a nice little edition of mid leg stitching which draws the eye in towards the middle of the leg creating a slimming effect then we have the vertical line which is elongating the extra material on the bottom perhaps hiding some extra inches from the heels and ladies we have a winner see what they did there on the butt cheeks they remove the pockets and elevated the vertical line to make your legs look longer even in in the back it's all made with reason speak oh so let's look at some rhinestone jeans yes remember we talked a lot about all the embellishments the sparkles the metallics happening across all fashion articles from shoes to purses and yes jeans are no exception this is a standout style i can see being worn for a casual glamorous look on a date with friends it's a nice little upgrade of spark to your outfit if it's to your taste again you probably won't like every single style and you don't need to there's not one person that will like anywhere every single trend and it's okay you look and choose what works for you we can all live happily in our own genes pull on this is such a casual style and before you dismiss it as being too loose and rebel remember to up style any piece of garment you need to wear it for an activity where everyone else looks underdressed this way you always look a little better so for example these cargo jeans i would wear to any outing where you you would normally wear well sportswear such as you know like a dog park it looks relaxed and comfy so why not slouch on a couch with them utility jeans i picked this caramel pair here remember we talked about chocolate shades coming in another great way to stand out and look stylish is to wear something common in an unusual color so if i have any non-blue options for jeans i will tend to pick them for this reason plus it breaks apart the monotony of having five pairs of jeans in the exact same shade this is a muscular intake on jeans and if you really like this style i would wear them with either chunky footwear and a nice feminine form-fitting top or even with some nice sock booties or pumps to offset the masculine look and mix the two don't forget the lipstick on this one two tones patchwork with embroidery details here are the overalls i like this pink shade you know we talked about it in a fashion trend how popular of a choice it is in 2023 and i fully blame barbie on this one i see quite a few overalls coming in and between the unusual bright shade and details it most certainly stands out from previous seasons two-tone freight high rise i mean just wow this pair looks so deliciously interesting i've seen quite a few two-tone jeans but this is taking it to a whole new level in a good way you notice the back is a completely different color than a front but also the front is a combination of the two and the way the two are incorporated all almost like a rancher's chops but strategically made with a darker side to elongate the legs flood jeans this is as close as you can get between pants and a skirt crossover i don't know why but it reminds me of pants my mom used to wear which would make it popular in the 90s again this looks so comfortable and outrageous doesn't it it's making a bold statement in comfort and still stylish way but with reason because it doesn't look like you're wearing a tent another great casual option breaking away from the boring blue jeans why the cropped legs will be very popular in the upcoming warmer weather and for good reason we want to start showing skin so that's not a surprise the wider part is the one i'm showing you here is such a beautiful shade you cannot not like them on this style i would caution if you're trying to not look shorter than you are then just skip these all together look for floor length ones instead faded gray gray is a popular choice this year and we will see quite a few brands offer it to us and it's a different color isn't it we don't normally see this in season i'm showing you here the pull up elastic band pair which is also quite popular and i think we're also toning down a bit on the distressed level we will still see it but not exaggerated it's a personal taste raw seam here's an example for the fray trend also flared out this is a cool chick look again a personal preference to have them hand closed in or not it's definitely a popular style now another example of combining a lot of occurring trends with a more feminine take or these wide legged jeans with flower embroidery and a raw seam gradual washed out blue on the front of the legs is also telling of this year's collection jumpsuits we must talk about them i saw so many beautiful styles now i must confess i never bought a pair and seeing this one here i might give it a try i always thought that the odds of the gene onesie fitting perfectly are just very low i mean finding just half the part the jeans is hard enough but that's just me do you like them share down below and let us know this one here looks really flattering i like the fitted shape the front zipper the corset is one of my favorite styles with feminine lines and it reminds me of regal times where they used to wear them to accentuate the waistline of course then you have the lower cut in the back it's just so sexy my goodness subtle without being too revealing just enough allure i love it oh and i had to throw in this one in here because i found it so attractive for those of you ladies who can still pull off a braless look now remember to always up dress so consider how revealing this is i would wear it to the beach perhaps or for an evening walk or drinks by the fire with a soft wrap denim on denim now remember how we talked about the mana chromatic block color look trending this year well a very nice take on it will be the two-piece sets barring again from the masculine wear matching top and bottom it could be a shirt a vest a blazer it's a unique take on the jeans and about time i love being all matchy-matchy and it's hard to find pieces that don't come as a set and try to find your own combination well done i like this strand it's flattering it makes our early morning choices easier doesn't it maxi skirts here come the floor length skirt you know once you find a comfortable pair these are such an easy pick because they're easy to style you just throw them on and off you go it's a great spring look when you want a no fuss sleek effortless look same with the cargo style don't overthink it keep it simple treat them the same way as you would jeans you can match them with any flats even slip-ons the easiest way is to pair it with a clean crisp white t-shirt and done next denim dresses well well well who knew that i will bring dresses into the denim world if this is your first time on my channel you will soon discover that i like dresses a lot so yes it's the perfect combination to slowly transition your comfort towards a feminine look here i'm showing you some minis which can be worn as shirts you could also wear them on top of jeans layered this pink dress is such a beautiful take on denim you wouldn't even be able to tell from afar great shirt dress style for a minimum feminine structured yet casual look the a-line shape will also be permanently seen in the season's denim wear and i must mention that it's one of the most flattering and forgiving figures we can wear let's talk about skinny jeans for a second i feel like now in 2023 more than ever we need to clarify something trends are in and out based on popularity what brands decide to make and sell us but by now i think we know ourselves well enough to understand what works and doesn't work when it comes to pants meaning yes a new style comes in you might want to give it a try but skinnies or no skinnies is such a personal preference and not just in following trends but also in making it work with the rest of the wardrobe pieces in and you know your lifestyle so i look at skinnies as a must-have in every woman's wardrobe no exceptions and i will tell you why i see them as essentials like socks and shapewear because there are specific outfits that must be worn with tighter casual bottoms here are some examples the pumps and buttons shirt look with blazer on top yes you need skinnies when you want to tuck in your pants and knee-high boots you need skinnies similarly when you wear rain boots with a trench coat on top you need skinnies when you wear a bulky oversized sweater you need skinnies when you create the black on black elongated legs effect with black booties and black skinnies so you see when yaikui these locks i can't imagine wearing any other jean fit because they just wouldn't look or work right so you can try but for me these examples of cookie cutter outfits if you want to call them this they are present in my mind and don't need to think much when i'm out of the time and just lack inspiration so my take is that we should keep at least one pair in a closet and instead of criticizing them to death why not bring them out when we feel like putting together a skinny jean outfit and consider them a supportive article of clothing such as an accessory share below if you own at least one pair of skinnies ladies same with high-waisted versus medium versus low cut my goodness i haven't read one good comment about the low rise this season we can all agree that the highways that are incredibly flattering on most women and the number one most popular item talked about in the outdated video ladies we are all agreeing here that we like the high-waisted style it has changed my wardrobe completely and especially that i discovered how to wear tops with the high waisted which is tucked in and slightly pulled out very flattering i recommend it instead of just pulling the sweater over the waistline even if you have a bulge and a belly sticking out believe me that's me after i look at breakfast and this small little mushroom top here gives such a nice contour and space for the blouse or sweater not to cling for dear life to your skin it's a much more flattering look and try it out i want to show you exactly how to pull out the top so let's assume that this is a pair of jeans high waisted right so i'm going to and see it's nice and flat here so i'm going to just pull it out slightly a little bit just one inch all the way around and now you have this little line okay i would say it's not enough so i'm going to pull a little bit more and make sure when you put your tuck in your fingers under that it's even everywhere and now it looks like a little mushroom this little mushroom top here but it's nice and even and what looks great is you see the belly is a little bit bulging out here but also the top is sticking out a bit so it creates the space which levels out the belly with the top in a very flattering way i really like this and it's it doesn't look wrinkled crinkled um it's all even and now you all of a sudden you look more relaxed the shirt is not you know tight like this it just looks so much better and you can apply this across the board with jeans with sweaters particular sweaters if they're so big because the moment you hide the tummy with the shirt on top you're creating this almost tent like effect here which makes you look bigger and you don't want that you want to clearly define your waistline and just show where it stops and then the top you just want it to almost create this cropped shirt effect and that's it you can create this look with any top you can do this to skirt to pants tailored pants jeans you name it now before you leave don't forget to like if you've enjoyed the video subscribe if you're new and if you want to see what are the most popular fashion trends of 2023 you don't want to miss out on the video coming up i'll see you there next [music] [music]  jeans are the ultimate in versatility they go with everything they can take you anywhere but they're notoriously hard to shop for and if you don't wear jeans it's only because you haven't found the perfect pair for you but don't worry by the end of this video you will know exactly what to look for [music] hi i'm leonie and welcome to my channel now i've been getting lots of questions about denim jeans lately especially the question that i mostly get asked is can i still wear my skinny jeans now i'm going to answer that question and a whole lot more in this video i'm also going to talk through some of the different body types and which of the current trending genes are going to best suit you so if you would like to see what's on trend and how and who can wear them best then just keep watching now first up and probably the biggest denim trend for 2023 is color blocked denim jeans now just hear me out for a second because i know this one sounds a little bit crazy but it can work really well not only is it great if you can't decide whether you like a lighter wash denim jean or a darker washed denim jean essentially with these jeans you get both but you also get a whole lot more what you do get is the option for what i like to call illusion dressing so if you want to say for instance lengthen your legs you can choose a pair of these jeans where the darker denim washes down the side of the jeans or right down the front of the jeans these color block denim pieces are great for flattering your figure and really what i like to call illusion dressing so if you want to have some figure fixes or disguise certain parts of your body if you want to elongate your legs whatever it may be these color block denim jeans are going to be a great solution for that i know they're not going to be for everyone but they are a great option now next up i have talked about these before in a couple of recent videos but cargo jeans are definitely having a moment now cargo pants have been hot for a couple of years now so it kind of makes sense that as we move into the cooler months that cargo jeans uh front and center they are great they are a gene that is going to work with a lot of different body types in fact i would almost go as far as saying that they are universally flattering there will be a cargo gene that is right for you they are roomy they are comfy they are covered in pockets and i suppose i'm looking at these cargo jeans as you know when we were in lockdown we were all wearing sweatpants and that comfy casual look this is a slightly elevated take on classic sweatpants the great thing about cargo jeans or cargo denim whatever you like to call them is that they can be worn easily with trainers with combat boots and also with heels so they are like any denim jean you can take them anywhere and that versatility is key but these come with a whole lot of comfort too okay now straight leg jeans never go out of fashion but one of the key trends for 2023 when it comes to denim jeans is a slight barrel leg so essentially the gene is fitted around your waist and the leg instead of going straight down is a slight barrel so if you like a straight leg jean but you want to update your look and opt for something that's just a little bit fresher and more modern then definitely take a look at these barrel cut jeans now just be careful if you are petite because a lot of these barrel cut styles are cropped and if you are petite you don't want to necessarily shorten the length of your leg so any cropped jeans are going to give that illusion of a shorter leg so just be careful of that but these barrel style leg denim jeans are a really nice modern update to a classic straight leg jean now this one makes me really happy because i recently bought a pair and that is split hem jeans i bought a black denim pair and really love them and i think that they are a great option for winter dressing because the split gives you that option to wear a chunkier boot really easily as well and again the split just creates a little bit of freedom so you can pair them with trainers you can pair them with heels a little ankle booty or something as i said a little bit chunkier but these split hem jeans are going to be in in fashion but they're not going to be here for a long time so just be aware that if you love this style great buy some wear them they're not going to i would probably say they're not going to be trending next year but that doesn't matter if you like jeans and that probably leads me into a really good point that i must mention in this video as well if you love a particular style of jean and it's not trending as such who cares you need to wear it jeans are as i said earlier notoriously tricky to shop for but there is a gene for everyone and at this point i just like to say a very big thank you to the team at squarespace for sponsoring this portion of today's episode i love squarespace i have a fab squarespace blog and a lot of exciting plans for that blog in the new year but squarespace in my opinion is the easiest way to build any sort of online presence and now is a perfect time to think about that with the new year just around the corner so if you've been thinking about starting a blog or if you have some products to sell online then i can highly recommend squarespace as the platform to do exactly that the thing that i love most about squarespace is that it's an incredibly intuitive platform it is very easy to use so you don't need any tech smarts so if that's been scaring you from starting a business online or your blog or a website whatever it may be don't worry you don't have to be technically savvy to own and run a squarespace website building the website is super easy as well you can start from scratch or you can use one of the many beautiful squarespace templates on offer and when it comes to updating your website as i just mentioned it's very very easy it's as simple as dragging and dropping and there's nothing worse than having a website that you have to rely on a third party to update it for you and to put your content on there it's just never going to work but squarespace you do it all yourself and it's really easy to do so i have a great offer for you today which is to save 10 off your first squarespace website or domain now what i suggest you do is whip on over to squarespace.com i will leave a link in the description box below check them out take advantage of the free trial and then when you are ready to push play simply use my link in the description which is squarespace.com forward slash the style insider and then use my code the style insider and that will save you 10 off your first website or domain with squarespace so if you are thinking about getting online next year and you have some plans to start a blog sell products whatever it may be then definitely let squarespace take care of it for you another big trend for next year is wearing that kind of 90s style baggy jeans now i think these are great they're a little bit more paired back from the cargo style jeans and what they tend to do is puddle at your at the hem at your at your feet they have a wider bagier fit so there are a few things that you need to be aware of with this particular style and that is kind of balancing out your proportions what i do tend to think is you need to sort of balance those proportions so teaming them with something slightly gruntier in the way of footwear is going to be a good option just so that they don't sort of puddle and you end up with no foot there are plenty of options when it comes to baggy jeans i love the comfort factor i love the versatility i think the only key that you need to really be mindful of when you're wearing these is to sort of balance your proportions a little bit so often these baggy jeans are definitely fuller in the leg or they're real wide leg jeans and many of them sort of puddle at the hemline as well so you do just need to be sure to wear something that's a little bit more fitted up top so your outfit your entire outfit doesn't sort of swamp you now next up is the trend for wearing asymmetrical waistbands and what comes to mind here is that classic a goldie jean which i've talked about quite a bit here on my channel over the last couple of years but this particular style is not going anywhere now the great thing about this asymmetrical waistline is that they're really good at giving the illusion of a smaller waist so if you're someone that doesn't quite have a waist this is a really good style or a good option for you to try now i know that it's not a look for everyone but i do think it's worth actually just having a little look at the other great thing is that they're easy to diy so if you have a pair of jeans that don't fit you anymore then you can create this look yourself quite easily at home i actually found a very cool youtube video on how to do this and i will link her video down below so if you do have a pair that you'd like to diy at home then definitely give it a go i am going to dip my toe into this trend because i like the idea of nipping myself in at the waist and showing or giving the appearance of a more snatched waistline so i'm definitely going to give them a try and when i grab myself a pair i will show you but let me know what you think of this style i know that it's going to divide you but tell me in the comments below are you a fan of this crisscross waistband or not now this next trend is definitely going to divide you and i know many of you will be disappointed to hear this but distressed genes are coming back for 2023. they're a little bit different to what we have seen recently so recently the distressed genes that have kind of moved aside of those really heavily ripped and torn up genes what we will be seeing in 2023 distressing that is a little bit more subtle so undone seams and lots of sort of little holes in the denim i do like this look i think it does have a place subtle distressing has always been something that i think can work really well with jeans but yeah let me know what you think about this look let me know do you like distressed jeans do you like ripped jeans would you wear jeans with undone seams and holes i know it's not for everyone but i'd love to hear what you think i couldn't put together a video like this without also mentioning long denim skirts and i have talked about these maxi skirts in previous videos but i would put money on the fact that many of you who are writing off this trend now in the next few months will perhaps warm to it i i think it's one of those trends that it's easy to dismiss early on but once you see it being worn and you see how outfits are put together and how easy it is to incorporate a denim skirt into your lineup i think it might be one of those pieces that you decide to dip your toe in and invest in i'm certainly going to do it i love skirts i love the fact that i don't have to have my inner thighs on display and these long denim skirts are going to be so easy to style and create some amazing outfits from so i'm definitely on the lookout for a great long line denim skirt and i definitely think you should check out a few of them as well next up and i've talked about this one a little bit too but it is not going anywhere next year and that is the trend for wearing double denim now i am wearing double denim today you can't really see i think you get the picture but i love double denim i know it's not for everyone and one of the easiest ways to dip your toe into the double denim trend is to wear different shades of denim just to kind of break up your outfit a little bit another way to do it is why what i've done today and just teeming some fresh white underneath your denim shirt another really easy way to break up double denim is to add a belt whether it's a white belt or just a classic black belt there are ways to do double denim that are less scary and it's a very easy way to dress it doesn't have to look too cowboy at all but definitely double denim is here to stay next year and last but not least there's a real return to a soft denim now this isn't actually traditional denim but it looks like denim but it's a denim look fabric and the great thing about these pieces is i've seen some beautiful skirts tops dresses in this soft denim and it gives you the advantage of the denim look and feel but it's a much softer easier piece to wear because the fabric is softer it's more floaty and flowy and there just seems to be a lot of it around so if you don't tend to like the traditional heavyweight stiffer feel of denim then definitely have a look at some of these softer weight denims or denim look fabrics that will be around next year as well now i just want to go over some of the classic body types and what jean are going to work best for you but before i go into each individual body type i just want to talk about skinny jeans now this is a question that i get asked all the time here and what i always say when i'm asked if skinny jeans are on trend or whether we can still wear them as i say if you love them wear them like any jeans you need to find the pair that works for you and your body and your lifestyle so i still have skinny jeans they work for me what i do tend to do is i try and sort of toughen them up i talked about this in a recent video but i make sure that i wear some different balance in my outfit if i'm wearing my skinny jeans so i'll pair them with something that's a little chunkier on top and some chunky boots or trainers just so my entire outfit isn't all skinny but skinny jeans will always be in fashion they will always be a great piece a great pant to have in your wardrobe if you like them and they work for you i think that that is the key with trends make sure that you be guided by the trends and be inspired by them but don't be i suppose what i'm trying to say is you don't don't be dictated by the trends if something works for you it's always going to work for you now i've just grabbed my notes because i have listed out some of the main body types and which genes to look for and which gene shapes and styles will flatter your figure the most so i thought i'd start with petites and the main thing that petites need to look for is making sure that they don't always opt for jeans that are too cropped the other thing for petites which i always recommend is choosing styles that are a little more form-fitting so not super baggy styles because they can tend to swamp your frame so a little more form fitting and generally generally higher waisted as well and what that does is it gives the illusion of a longer lean leg so if that's what you're looking for if you're a petite then definitely opt for the style of jean that's just as i said a little highway tasted and a little more form fitting now if you have an apple body type and you tend to carry most of your waste your weight around your midriff what i always suggest is looking for jeans with some sort of elastication in the waist these are going to be the most comfortable options for you a great tip for apple body types is to focus the attention of your outfit on either your slender legs or your your fuller bust and so what you are trying to do is take the emphasis around from away from around your midsection so if you're a classic pear-shaped what you do want to do is the opposite and that is draw attention to your slimmer waist now steer clear of the super baggy styles because they will tend to make you potentially look a little fuller around your hips and butt than you actually are so what i would suggest is opting for a mid-rise jean that does nip you in at the waist but gives you a little bit of room around your hip hips and thighs so a boyfriend style jean that's not too oversized is a perfect option for you also anything with a little bit of a boot cut again is going to be great because that will give the illusion of lengthening your legs too just look for something that's not too extreme you also don't want too skinny or tight so it's very much a mid-range gene that's going to work best for you and if you tend to carry most of your weight around your hips then really the best style for you is a wide leg jean now there are so many options around if they have a little bit of a boot cut to them as well that's super flattering and any long wide leg jean is going to be great because it will hit you on your hips here and fall straight from there so it gives that illusion of lengthening and streamlining your legs and takes that focus away from your hips but my best piece of advice when it comes to jeans is try on lots of pears and sometimes that's all it takes to really find the perfect for you because as i said earlier there will be a perfect pair of jeans for everyone and once you find that perfect pair you will wonder how you survived and created outfits without so don't give up the perfect pair is out there for you just sometimes takes a little bit of time to find them if you enjoyed this video and you love following trends and you like to be in the know with what to wear then click or tap the screen here and check out my 10 fashion trends to avoid for winter and i'll see you there  >>> we're back. today style blue jeans. that's the story. fashion trends come and go. there is a closet staple we can  always rely on, denim. this year's most popular trends  are more flattering and comfy  than ever. melissa garcia is here. good morning. so we've got five beautiful  models here and five trends and  they are pretty different from  things bev seen in the past.  >> they are definitely  different. who doesn't love a great pair of jeans? >> this is isabella. these are puddle jeans.  >> as you can see from the name, they puddle on the floor. this is like your wide leg jeans elevated to the next level. they are not the most practical. >> what if you are in a puddle? >> right. my advice is to wear a platform  with these so they are not  actually dragging too much on  the floor. but these again what's great is  they are flattering because they make your leg look longer and  for petite girls we don't have  to get our pants hemmed.  >> a heel and a sunny day.  >> phillis is wearing the barrel jean. >> yeah, this is sort of your  elevated straight leg. they have a little bit of a  different style. they are tapered on the waist. but they give you a little bit  of room in your hips and thigh  area. if you are hourglass,  pear-shaped, you love these. they taper by the ankle. these are a little cropped which allows you to wear them with a  flat or heel.  >> or the bootie.  >> yeah, i wonder what shoe to  wear. okay. thank you very much, frillis. jen is wearing the cargo khaki. we know about cargo pants, cargo shorts.  >> i know. is is like the early 2000s. we saw tons of cargo. they are also carpenter jeans. we are seeing haley bieber, j.lo loves these. they are a little bit more on  trend for modern --  >> i like the high waist.  >> it's great. and there are tons of pockets. to very functional for us ladies urjts you could put your phone  in there. have a lighter wash, too, the  darker wash not as in this year? >> they are in. darker wash is still in. but light wash is fun for spring coming up.  >> definitely. here is grace. she is wearing two-tone jeans. >> so like you were saying,  darker wash, lighter wash, this  is great because if you are  indecisive you can wear both  colors. what's great about these, they  are flattering because they  actually contour your legs. kind of looks like a stripe down the side. it acts as a little kind of  contour to make your leg look  longer, slimmer. these are from new york and  company. they are like $18.  >> i love that. i noticed that, like, some of  these jeans the puddles, they  don't have a hem. >> yeah a little bit more of a  rough leg.  >> it's cute. you look good, grace. finally, to patchwork, here is  ali.  >> this is sort of like  two-tone, like amped up. if you want to take a risk and  have some fun, we saved these  for last. obviously, this is not for  everybody. but if you want to have fun, a  great way to do this is keep the top simple. you want the jeans to be the  statement. it has a '70s nostalgia feel,  like the patchwork -- >> calling it a mom jean? >> are they? >> why is it called a mom jean? >> i wouldn't say these are mom  jeans.  >> i don't think so. i think they are cuter than mom  jones. i wear mom jeans.  >> i wear mom jeans, too.  >> we are both moms.  >> yeah.  >> makes sense.  >> thi  foreign [music] if you're petite or have curly hips or tend to carry a bit of bulk in the tummy area you must feel not that confident about massive trends for wide legs cargos and other volume enhancing models and i've got great news for you because this video is all about how to get the maximum out of your skinny jeans how to choose the right model where to pay attention to how to pair them with shoes and accessories how to layer them with tops and jackets so be sure after this video you'll get plenty of ideas how to style your skin is both in casual and more dressed up outfits and rock them like a star so let's get started i've got asked very often if skinny jeans work for anybody type including unbalanced figure types such as someone who has wider shoulders and more narrow hips or someone who has more pear-shaped figure or someone who has some tummy and i'll be pretty much honest and straightforward with you skinny jeans are made to accentuate your bottle your thighs your hips your legs your ankles and by wearing them you emphasize it no matter if it's slim or more curvier so if this is the fact you are aiming for you can wear skinnies if not go for less tighter models such as slim leg or straight or even slightly flared models but you can definitely change the proportions in the outfit and achieve more flattering effect for your figure by playing with different type of shoes layers accessories and i will show you how in just a bit but before we start i would like to remind you that i have created special style portfolio for your high 10 figure with very useful styling hacks and key silhouettes which you can get absolutely for free just go to the link under this video fill in your height and your figure type and get the styling guide directly to your email box you will find a detailed illustrated guide with very straightforward ready to use styling hacks to achieve the most flattering effect for your figure plus i have also included working outfit formulas for different occasions i'm sure it will be very handy for you to go shopping or to finally declutter your wardrobe and get the maximum outfits out of your existing clothes so go to the link answer two simple questions about your height and your figure shape and get your style guide right now first of all if you want your skinny jeans or pants feel comfortable and look flattering on your body opt for mid-rise models low-waisted skinny jeans look quite cheap and remind too much of 2000's fashion pay attention to the fabric since the fit is sitting already very tight thin fabric will expose every single floor and can also crease in the most unexpected areas it is really important to go for fabric that has enough body dense and elastic enough to give the most slimming and covering effect for your figure as you see here in both cases it's leather but first one is so thin that it looks more like a legging and doesn't really look flattering another case it is still quite thin but slightly thicker stretchy leather that not only looks more flattering but also more expensive and the last thing about skinnies is the length and the way they fit around the ankle nothing make your legs look shorter and the outfit look frumpier than pants that bunch at the knees and around the ankles make sure the length is not too long long skinny fit should not come over your shoes and that fabric is not too stretched out because this is most of the times the reason why it happens the good thing about skinnies is that you can easily take the length up by rolling them inside without having them tailored for you [music] what makes skinny jeans outdated and emphasizes even the slightest imperfections on your figure is the combination of two tight fits together in one outfit and i have already mentioned it so many times in my previous videos that perfect salad is always about mixing the silhouettes more relaxed one with more tailored one and especially when it comes to wearing a tight fit very tight fit this rule is extremely crucial in this outfit i paired my skinnies with a very tight color neck top and healed boots so we see two tight fits together plus high heels which make the silhouette look frumpy and my figure appears heavier the outfit doesn't look up to date and elegant in terms of style either and even monochromatic cream color combination doesn't save it shall we fix it foreign ek for a blue man's shirt layered with white tank top for extra warmth i also added padded vest from sarah and to make it even more multifunctional and warm i added a striped wool jumper which i can wear on the shoulders as a scarf or underneath the vest if i feel cold i also swapped heels for chunky trainers from new balance added structured tote bag a cap and sunglasses i really like this look because it's not only very comfortable and cozy but because of tailored shirt and structured back it looks quite clean and pulled together and has this city vibe because skinny jeans are so tight in your thighs and your hips and your legs you don't really want to emphasize the crotch level and putting focal point to it by wearing a short or a cropped jacket it also looks quite frumpy and outdated so i would definitely not recommend to wear skinnies with shorter jackets so as you see here i'm wearing the same skinny jeans with striped cotton jumper navy cropped bomber on top and nike high tops and no matter the bomber looks very modern and has this oversized fit the overall look doesn't really feel modern and stylish enough it's just too preppy too sporty too obvious as for the silhouette it looks unbalanced and a bit out of proportion foreign to fix it i first of all swapped a short bomber for a long trench coat to balance the skinny fit and elongate the silhouette i also changed high tops for chunky new balance trainers again to balance the tight fit around the ankle i added navy blue sweater and sunglasses to add some contrast and support black shoulder back it looks much better now doesn't it [music] another point i would like to stress today is actually the boots i remember seasons ago when skinnies were really high on trend as well as over the knee boots some very courageous women dared to combine both in one outfit and actually wear skinnies together with over knee boots in my personal opinion it didn't really feel right back then and neither does it now so as you see here i paired my letter skinnies with over the knee boots and fitted checked blazer and i really have some nostalgic moments now because it reminds me so much of 2000 styling however i still see it on the streets sometimes anyways let's just update it to 2023 foreign [music] tight over the knee boots for wide riding boots from top 10. i balance skinny fit with an oversized chunky sweater and the last most important step i add a structure to the silhouette by wearing this beautiful vegan ladder jacket with a cinched waist this is probably one of my favorite winter outfits because it's warm cozy yet quite smart and elegant in terms of silhouette what do you think foreign [music] talking about skinnies and shoes i would like to address the very important questions can you actually pair skinnies with high heels or it feels a bit too outdated and even looks a bit cheesy and here i refer not only to stiletto heels but also to block heels and platforms to show you the difference i went for these neon stilettos as a top i wore a sweatshirt with a print and again that would be quite up to date a decade ago but now it looks really too cheesy the thing is when you wear very high heels naturally you create some tension in your leg muscles so you can see that your ankle and thigh muscles start to stand out more and when you wear very tight fits such as skinny it becomes even more obvious which is okay when you are very skinny but if you are more on a curvy side it's probably not something you'd like to put focus on foreign skinnies with heels i would suggest to go for kitten heels instead of stilettos or very tall block heels kitten heels are not only very much on trend at the moment but they are also more flattering combination with very tight fitted bottom i also opted for very elegant white blazer and structured small tote and patent leather clean elegant flattering for my figure i know if i want to go full body mode i just swap black tote for my favorite party purse from paco rabanne [music] because skinny pants already look super casual and like a bit of class i would not recommend to dress them down even more by wearing them with relaxed tops and shoes here for example i went for a hoodie and uggs which is something very common and recognizable for you because we see it everywhere on the streets but it doesn't do anything needed for your finger or your style [music] thank you casual and warm doesn't need to look boring and frumpy it can and it should contribute to your look and confidence so to dress my skin is i went for the structured jacket with texture to break my black monochromatic look and paired it with chunky chelsea boots which are very comfortable but at the same time have this bold silhouette i accessorized it with black padded shoulder bag and layered chain necklaces and i am ready to go feeling not only comfy and warm but also super confident as well ebola that's it for today thank you for watching i'll see you next thursday bye  in this video we're going to talk about some of the biggest denim trends for 2023 spring 2023 and how you can actually style them in real life if i feature anything in this video or i'm wearing anything um i will link it in the description box so the really cool thing about denim right now is that pretty much anything goes for a while there there was only high rise like it was just high-rise pants everywhere and people who liked low rise and even mid-rise were having a hard time finding it that's not the case anymore low rise is a big trend right now but there's still a bunch of high rise like it's not going anywhere so you should really be able to find a pair of jeans at this point in the history of the earth that that should fit you you got to do some research but you can find a pair of jeans that really fit your body and your style and make you feel good and all that good stuff but i wanted to point out trends that is i say come back this year because i remember a couple times when it was a trend and sometimes it takes off and sometimes it it doesn't but it's this two-tone or like color block denim so it's like different washes of denim within the same pair of pants it could be like a stripe down the leg or it could be in patches it could be you know one legs one tone one legs the other so there's two really cool things about this type of pant first of all if you get the ones that have the stripes like a darker wash on the sides and lighter wash on the inside sometimes i can have a more slimming effect on your body plus it just looks cool and the other thing i really love about this kind of jean is that you don't really have to do too much to have a really interesting looking outfit like normally when you wear jeans they kind of are the supporting role like the backup dancer to the rest of your clothing but with these jeans they are they are the star of the show so you want to pair them with something like a solid color top even a basic white t-shirt something that's not competing for attention i've mentioned this in a couple videos and this is a big trend for this year and it's just going to get bigger but denim denim whether you like it or not it is really a big trend right now and maybe it's not quite in your neighborhood just yet but it might be pretty soon and you might notice it and because it's just it's just everywhere somebody your next-door neighbors eventually gonna start wearing it and you're gonna be like well that's kind of cute does it mean you have to go and wear denim on denim okay i'm just saying that you might start liking it even if you didn't before i love personally i love mixing different colors of denim together to make an outfit like the one that i'm showing you here and paired with a you know a different wash and denim i feel like looks really just really clean and classic and you don't really have to do a whole lot more add some accessories and you have a really cute outfit so split hem jeans started coming back maybe a couple of years ago and i feel like they just they really didn't take off as much as i feel like they should have because they're a really cool look but now all of a sudden i do see a lot more of them people notice it they're a little bit 90s i remember when i used to like cut my jeans so they would have that split in them but it's kind of a fun little accent one of the split hem jeans i have are these black pair i got from h m which i've mentioned in a couple videos i've been wearing these things to death they have a great amount of or just the right amount of stretch in them and they're high-waisted and they just fit really great and i like these with boots but i love the split hem jean with like a sandal or like a some kind of cute heel or something like that because it it can really highlight what's on your foot the other split hem jeans i have are by the brand girlfriend which i really like for they have kind of a more relaxed fit so i do see these going into spring and being a really nice spring jean gray denim washed black denim those are it's kind of been like a sleeper trend over the last year or so but just so many styles are coming out in gray or washed black and i have mentioned this another video but i have really very much enjoyed wearing washed black or black denim this year and my gray denim as well it's kind of become whenever i want to wear a pair of jeans i end up grabbing my washed black denim way more than just my regular blue jeans they just look more elevated than my basic blue jean i feel like it just adds something to my outfit it makes it look a little bit more dressy in terms of styling washed black denim i really think you can pair them with anything you would put with your regular blue denim jeans the two pair of washed black denim that i've been wearing non-stop are these actual skinny jeans these are only skinny jeans i've been like obsessed with and wearing but they're super high waisted i've been loving these and then also these a goldy washed black denim they're straight leg they're high waisted i've really been loving these as well and for the gray denim i like pairing i personally love pair in the gray denim with like softer colors like taupes and whites and black is black works great here too but i love like taupe with it or just something some of the lighter softer colors rather than like a jewel tone but that's just been my personal preference lately i really think that gray denim can go with almost anything these gray jeans i have are from h m and they're just a great straight leg jean and i do think they will look amazing going into spring 2023 so puddle puddle pants became a trend last year or maybe this fall or something and so that's kind of worked its way into the denim world a lot of pants that they can puddle at the bottom of your feet this one really bothers me and i know i can't be the only one because i just i'm like you're just gonna wear these it's gonna start raining and then you got dirty pants you know i just i don't see that working out super well in real life but what i do see working out well with these puddle jeans is if you are a very tall person and you're having a hard time finding jeans they're tall enough you're gonna have an easier time finding jeans that are long enough one thing to note about these puddle jeans and any other wide leg jean is that when you're wearing a wider leg jean really want to make sure that your top is balanced with the wide leg so if you have a wide leg and a high waist you know you don't want to wear like a really long oversized top or it may just swallow you it usually looks a little more balanced if you can somehow bring the top in at the waist by doing maybe a little front tuck or tucking it all the way in or wearing something that's cropped enough where it hits you know right at your waistline so did you notice that light wash denim was everywhere this past fall and winter and normally when you get into a fall and winter you see dark wash and medium wash and like indigo and that's just kind of you know the light wash is kind of phased out but light wash was really everywhere this year and i really loved it i mean well light wash is normally associated with spring and summer but i loved the light wash dinner with like wintry cold weather styles this year my favorite wash in the light wash are these abercrombie jeans that hopefully they're still available but i love the light wash paired with pretty much any color any neutrals um i love it with like the softer colors i leave in like black with it it's definitely a more casual look but i also feel like it can look really stylish when you pair it with you know some cute shoes you know some accessories i just feel like this can create an interesting vibe and light wash will be obviously go really well into spring 2023 so you definitely know at this point that cargo anything is so such a big trend this year i mean a huge huge trend so cargo jeans are also a very big trend i feel like last time cargo pants were really popular everyone was wearing them very casually and that's probably what they're meant to be worn as and now are being worn with heels and you know a cute blouse um something more fancy even an evening look so cargo pants are they're in a really interesting space in the fashion world right now i think it is really cool if this is your style barrel leg jeans are kind of like the cousin of straight leg cousin stepchild mother-in-law something some kind of relationship with straight leg jeans because they're straightish they're just they're they're wider but they kind of like taper just a little bit at the bottom this is a very specific look i feel like this is a really cute look for spring like with some little sandals or some something thing really strappy on your feet i don't love this for boot weather so much but i do love this for spring like you know a cute sandal a basic tea plus the barrel leg is kind of ankle length so it's not going to be down there close to the ground if you're worried about worried about it dragging in the grass or something or getting stained so kind of liking that so we're all well aware at this point that wide leg straight leg sluice and baggy is all very on trend right now it's just everything's kind of gone away from the super skinny like jegging leg we've really moved into this more like relaxed fit kind of era even the skinny jeans now are not super skin tight they're not like jeggings anymore they're they still have some relaxed element to them so that brings me to boot cut and flair i wouldn't say that boot cut and flare jeans are like you know the huge most the biggest trend on the runways or anything like that but they're definitely just like a staple classic style that i feel like if you love them you love them if you don't you don't but they can be very flattering on a lot of people and very easy to style in my opinion they obviously work great with boots but then they work really great with a sandal when it comes you know when we get to warmer weather i feel like with a boot cut jean you can really wear you know pretty much any kind of top with it i feel like if you wear a tight top it's still kind of balanced out with that looser wider leg at the bottom and then if you wear a more oversized or loose fit top it's balanced out with a slim fit through the hips and the thighs for daytime i tend to wear the more relaxed bit up top and then if i'm going somewhere at night time i'll probably wear a more fitted top i have a pair of flare jeans by veronica beard that i found on an incredible sale they were under a hundred dollars i'm gonna link them i i kind of doubt they're still on sale like that anymore but i will link them they are really great and i have been kind of on a hunt for finding jeans that were like under fifty dollars and i did find a couple pair from h m that i mentioned but i just found one pair from walmart that it's like a flare jean it's by sofia vergara so i'd never tried any of her jeans her jeans line from walmart and for a jean that's like thirty dollars it fits really well for a budget-friendly pair of boot cut jeans i am actually pretty impressed with these i'll link these below hopefully they're still available but i definitely see the flare boot cut going into spring which i think will start coming in in more white and more cream colors which is the next trend we're going to talk about so always forever in a day once we get into spring and summer you know white jeans cream jeans start popping up i think a great white pair of like a barrel leg jean would be really adorable for this year a white barrel leg jean with a sandal and a little you know something casual up top some accessories i just i really think i like that look i'm really i feel like i need to find that i'll do some research see if i can if i find something like that i'll link it below and then cream jeans have kind of been like creeping up the past few years i do love cream jeans and also they don't do the same thing as white they don't show every single imperfection so cream is definitely a great option you can make some really cool monochromatic looks with cream it looks great with like taupes and soft browns and that kind of thing so so what do you think about the 2023 denim trends are you excited about anything are you i mean is there a gene that you're just obsessed with what's your favorite type of jean to wear mine right now i think is straight leg i just i just love a good straight leg you know i used to love my skinny jeans but right now i just have that one pair that i love but my other ones i'm like i had to put them away i just not into them anymore but by straight leg jeans um i'm loving those i love a good boot cut i'm really i'm really i got my mind on the white barrel leg jeans that i'm going to find somewhere um love good white and obviously i love high-waisted that's just what works for me it's what i'm gonna stick with so yeah i can't imagine a world actually where we're going to go back to only having a few styles that are in the store those are my thoughts anyway um let me know what you think about this video if you liked it and i don't know let me know how you are i love hearing from you so anyway give this video a thumbs up if you liked it or thumbs down if you didn't consider subscribing if you haven't already and i will see you next time  [music] here they are one two three four five six six pairs of jeans these are supposed to be the biggest denim trends for the year well now that you have to care about trends but in case you are curious and they're supposed to be everywhere this season i'm not trying them out so i have no idea how they look before i start i am 5'2 i am short and my legs are shorter even compared with other petite women echo in sim is 25 inches that's right above my ankle because of the reason all the jeans i got today extra short lens or shortness the trend number one we're gonna test the carpenter g and i purchased this from abercrombie for this video i actually purchased the bunch from abercrombie and this one is the um oops the high rise that jean with a carpenter design so the patches on both legs and this is a narrow fitted carpenter jean right on the badge i feel like this is gonna be too long for me even though this is their short length so yep this is too long but let's see how it looks okay this is how it looks like on me you know this is actually not too bad not bad at all the fit is not as baggy as a thought the back of it actually fits just about right on me but i mean it's it's loose here but it's supposed to do that however here is one big problem it is too long for me and i'm wearing sneakers because they're supposed to be really casual the thing is you can cuff it but when you cut there it kind of covers up you know it covers that the carpenter design it kind of fits a purpose yeah and this is not something you want to wear with high heels she doesn't quite go with the vibe of the jeans so overall i would say the fit is actually decent so if you're tall enough to pull it off without cuffing it it looks pretty nice because it's narrow fitted the leg is not too wide it doesn't look too baggy but if you're shorter like me i would not recommend it if you're petite make sure you check out my clothing line at petitressing.com for women under five four ever since i discovered petitdressing.com my style went from this to this now i'm in the game i was on the bench on the bed spending on the back like yeah i go again the next trend we're gonna test is a 90s lucid finishing and for this i purchased this one from gap you know this is also actually carpenter design i told you it's going to be everywhere and so one side has a little loop and other side has the big pockets you know what this feels like loose i mean i know the jean is called loosely fitted 90s jean and still this feels like i almost feel like it wrong bit because i got 27 inches in waist which is supposed to my waist but this is definitely looser than i'd expected but other than that though if i were to size it down one size i think the fit is pretty decent because the back of it doesn't feel baggy the only thing is this is supposed to be the mid-rise however i don't feel like this mirrorize at all this definitely feels like high-rise see it's this is above my belly button and the only problem is though yeah it is see it's definitely too long if i were to wear this with flats or sneakers i do want to try heels this time i am that always healed goodies you know this turned out to get better than i expected because the trend this year honey is a luciferated mid-rise the carpenter you know all words the buzz that's supposed to be like really relaxed fit and which typically normally don't work out for someone like my height this is actually better than i have expected i would definitely size it down one size just because it fits looser but other than that i think the fit is distant and the silhouette can work even for my height the next trend we're gonna test the crisscross they're all over the place i've always been curious so i got this one i purchased it from abercrombie and this is what it looks like the crisscross ginagna opened it prior to this video so it looks really interesting and this is also the dad fit so it's a high rise and also this is 27 inches in the waist and i got this in the shoreland this doesn't look too long compared with the other two pairs i got from them i am ready what do you think i actually like it it's not as baggy as i thought even though this is a little looser than what i'm used to but overall i this is pretty decent it's narrowly fitted and not too narrow but it's not definitely not tight and the lens works out i'm wearing this with my sandals because the color of the denim is lighter so it does feel like a summer denim this is my first time trying the crisscross jeans i think it's really good design the reason is because if you don't have a very slim waist like myself my waist is 27 sometimes 28 inches and when i try these jeans i feel like because it's at an angle and it's lower in the middle and higher on both sides this is going to give you the illusion of a smaller a more slender waist my experience with crisscross pretty positive so if you are curious about this trend go ahead and try it the next trim we're gonna test the two tong jeans there are so many different designs so i got this hair from african beauty again and this is two-tone but both are black tones this is two different fabrics and that's what keeps the two-tone this is cotton denim another tone is with faux leather first the fit i feel like this is so far my favorite pair from everything i tried today because the fit is really nicely both are my buttocks and on my waist i don't feel anything baggy at all now let's look at the lens okay definitely my favorite pair so far nothing bunching it's right at where i want it to be it's not too short it's under my ankle so when i wear heels it's not gonna look like it's too cropped i wouldn't change a bit about this pair the next one we're gonna test the low rise trend i know i know i have said several times on my channel that low rise just doesn't work for me but because it has been so popular it is literally everywhere so i have to include it and test it and show it to you what it looks like as one of the biggest trends for this year so this pair i got it from abercrombie let's open it together and see what it looks like all right so this is a lighter wash lower eyes the 90s jean speaking of which the 90s have shown up three times in our triumph today so that also tells you how big of a trend the 90s are and this is also wrapped on both sides and normally almost never wear ribbed jeans so let's see how the combination works this is the low rise plus the ripped 90s looser fitted jeans my first impression this is not a low rise my rice is about 10 inches so if it's right on my belly button this is our least mid-rise two high rise the reason they're calling in the low rise i think it's to go with the trend but it's actually not that bad and then let's look at the fit this fan is baggy because 90s that's a buzzword the 90s equals baggy fit but everything we tried today there are pretty baggy and this is not exception so this is not a surprise to me and in terms of the leg shape they're good because it's a straight line shape oh my goodness this has turned out to be not bad at all i kind of like it so this pair turned out to be a pleasant surprise to me but that is because this is not a true low rise if you are looking for low rise jeans that's eight inches in under you do have to watch out they are very much gonna make your belly pop out if you don't have very flat belly i would be very very cautious about the low rise trend but if you are looking for something that's on the lower side like this pair it might be the mid rise that's something you can give it a try it might work out pretty well the next one we're gonna test the barrel jeans the barrel has been the trend for at least two years because i've done another video previously and the barrel was one of the most popular jeans so for this video i purchased this one from gap but not only yeah there's a lot of retailers but not republic old navy it's pretty bad trend right now so my first impression of this jeans it looks baggy and besides wow this is again another carpenter design this tells you how big a trend carpenter is this year and i feel like this might be too big for me even though i ordered my normal size you know 27 inches for my waist yeah this is baggy it's definitely baggy not only it's looser on the waist i feel like these rungs large but also the overall design just feel like so baggy the lens is actually longer than i thought it would be so i definitely need some sort of heel i am back with a pair of heels so what do you think it's a no right it's it's right this is too long for me and also too white even though i'm wearing like two inch heels this jeans is just like dragging me down like make me feel like i'm two inches shorter so yeah this is not a um no i wouldn't get this speaking of the whites of the jeans i do want to mention if you have shorter torso mirage too low rise can be your best friend when it comes to short or so that's actually not very clear a lot of us are a little bit confused about it like for example i am short so i am supposedly have shorter torso compared with taller women however my torso relative to my legs are actually long i have the long torso shore legs body type i do have another video based on that you can tell whether or not you have a short or so long torso or a balanced torso so make sure you watch this video as well foreign [music] "

----------

"we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. it's the breezy style that looks\u2014and feels\u2014cool as hell. the sun doesn't set before 7 pm anymore, and the sky is bluer than usual, and, hell, i'd even dare to say the birds are chirping just a little bit more. it's spring, baby. everyone has their favorite part about spring, but mine is the fashion. it's time for short sleeves! lightweight fabrics! breezy, billowy styles\u2014linen! oh, it's just the best time of the year. and there's really no better way to celebrate spring and anticipate the heat of summer than by shoving your long sleeve button-ups to the back of your closet, and bringing your short sleeve button-ups to the front. the short sleeve button-up is a cool, casual style. you can certainly dress it up with trousers and loafers, if you're headed to the office. if you're not\u2014wear it on the weekends, to the park, to the bar, on vacation. jeans or shorts (or even swim trunks, when appropriate) pair perfectly. the style is low-maintenance, but thanks to the collars and buttons, a little bit chicer and smarter than a simple t-shirt. it's one of the best parts of the warmer seasons, and now's the time to start stocking your closet with the classiest styles of the year. whether you're looking for something plain or embroidered, a performance shirt or a lightweight shirt, we've got it right here. take these guys out for a spin in spring, and hold on to this list for summer, too\u2014you're going to love these styles so much, you'll keep coming back for more. an easy, breezy style that goes with anything. wear on its own, or unbuttoned with a shirt layered underneath. dickies makes a bowling shirt certifiably cool, toeing the line between skatewear and streetwear. chic, classy, and luxurious, this button-up just screams summer. a linen short sleeve button-up is a closet staple. wear to the beach, the park, even the office. in fact, you should probably snag a few. don't fear the heat of summer; embrace it. with a breathable, moisture-wicking fabric, this button-up has you covered no matter the temperature. with relaxed shoulders, a chest pocket, and breezy fabric, this is a button-up that has it all. the thick, soft fabric of this shirt is one thing. but the anti-odor and moisture-wicking tech? it's almost too good to be true. the no fuss, no hassle, no frills shirt you can throw on to look put-together in a second. a button-up with a chic twist, in the form of embroidered, abstract flowers. pairs well with a sunny day and an aperol spritz. if this shirt doesn't evoke summer, and vacation, and relaxation, i don't know what does. abercrombie keeps it classic with a straight hem and billowy, lightweight linen. a little bit bold, a little bit edgy, and entirely stylish. when it comes to button-ups, sometimes, the more minimal, the better. you can wear this with jeans, trousers, whatever. toss your keys and sunnies in that chest pocket, and you're set for a summer day, whether you're headed to the beach or the bar. a uniquely stylish option, without a collar but with prada's signature inverted triangle logo. trishna rikhy is the associate style commerce editor at esquire. previously, her writing has appeared in vogue runway, paper magazine, v magazine, v man, and more. she is based in nyc, but can probably be found wherever the strongest cup of coffee is. these are the right shoes to wear with a tux. shawn mendes's sweater isn't what you'd expect. this week's best menswear releases. five fits with: menswear whisperer chris black. the 27 best summer sandals for men. hollywood's leading men love this percival polo. 15 pairs of great summer pants. the best sites to buy vintage t-shirts. bootcut's back, alright! the best all-black sneakers to buy right now. searching for the best golf style at the masters. the aloha shirt stays winning for summer 2023. a part of hearst digital media. every product was carefully curated by an esquire editor. we may earn a commission from these links. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. some guys truly dread short sleeve season. if you\u2019re one of them, you might think that those summer shirts make you look less like bond in thunderball and more like shaun of the dead. but as warm weather approaches, i promise you it\u2019s more likely the shirts that you\u2019re choosing and not you. so, we\u2019ve rounded up the 18 best short sleeve button up shirts to wear this spring and summer. whether you\u2019re trying to keep cool in the office or stay stylish on the beach, these short sleeve button ups will keep you looking sharp well into fall. faherty combines maximum comfort with versatility in the knit seasons short sleeve shirt, a button-down you can wear in the office, on your daily commute, and around town. made from an ultra-soft organic cotton, it\u2019ll be light and cool in summer but serve as a stylish under-layer when the weather turns chilly. the relaxed body and straight fit give it that \u201cclassic\u201d button-down shirt look you know and love. wear it tucked or untucked, and pair it with your favorite jeans, chinos, or slacks to dress it up or down as desired. if you like the classic western-style shirts, you\u2019re going to love the howler brothers h bar b snapshirt. crafted from a blend of polyester and cotton, it\u2019s light, breathable, quick-drying, and moisture-wicking, a great choice for keeping you cool in the southern heat. the \u201cregular\u201d fit is designed to hang just loose enough that it flows around your body, but it\u2019ll still accentuate your physique and look sharp enough for a night out on the town. wear it tucked or untucked as you like, but it always pairs best with a pair of dark blue jeans and your favorite leather boots. you\u2019ll love its natural wrinkle-resistance, so you can wear it right out of your backpack or suitcase, no need to iron or press it. the banks journal hastings woven shirt is a great choice for a casual weekend outing, or even just lounging around on your porch or at a coffee shop. loose-fitting and breezy, it\u2019s a good-looking shirt with bright, bold colors and a cut that strikes the perfect midway point between relaxed and professional. the linen fabric will be particularly cooling on those scorching summer days, and the cut will allow the breeze to dry the sweat from your skin. the orvis hemp/tencel stretch short-sleeved shirt does something truly unique: it combines all-natural and sustainable hemp with the semi-synthetic tencel lyocell to create a fabric blend that is eco-friendly, breathable, and high-performance. hemp has natural odor-resistance and is tougher than cotton, and the semi-synthetic tencel lyocell brings in moisture-wicking and quick-drying properties that will keep you dry and cool all day long. with a touch of spandex added in, it\u2019ll stretch and flex with you. truly, one of the most comfortable and versatile button down collar shirts you\u2019ll ever own. when the days are hot, stay effortlessly cool and classy in this breezy shirt. the windward shirt by fair harbor is made from a mixture of organic cotton, tencel, nylon, and spandex, a fabric blend that combines durability, performance, breathability, and versatility into one ultra-comfy garment. the fabric is wrinkle-free and lightweight, and even features upf30 protection so your skin is protected even after a long day in the summer sun. if the tropic high water shirt by california cowboy were a cocktail, it would be a margarita. even if it isn\u2019t your drink, you have to have one when you\u2019re on vacation. from pineapples to florals, their design motifs are delightfully bold. there\u2019s even one dedicated to the american road trip, sporting images of cactus plants, buffalo skulls, and vintage sedans. each shirt has a beer bottle pocket, bottle opener pocket, a sunglasses loop, and comes with a beer koozie and bottle opener. love the efficient build and comfortable cotton-tencel construction, but want something more subdued? they also offer this short sleeve rendition in simple dark blue. if you\u2019re an athletic gent who likes taking a nice jog around the beach before catching some rays, the vuori bridge shirt is for you. it\u2019s a hot-weather button down, infused with performance capabilities. the stretch fabric is made mostly of polyester, with cotton for softness and a hint of elastane for flexibility. on top of that, it has a upf rating of 30+, which is an excellent uv-protection rating considering how lightweight this stylish shirt is. this is the sort of button down you\u2019ll want to wear to work over the summer; it\u2019s clean, stylish, and crisp, with a hard-wearing construction that keeps it looking good even after years of regular use. the shirt is made using a blend of linen and organic cotton, one of the lightest and breeziest fabrics you\u2019ll ever wear. however, don\u2019t think for a minute it sacrifices durability. on the contrary, the double needle-felled construction makes it ultra-tough and the dyes won\u2019t run even with regular washes. you\u2019ll particularly love the sleeve length, cropped to exactly nine inches to show off your biceps and triceps to perfection. the bonobos tech short sleeve shirt is a \u201cperformance\u201d shirt, using a blend of nylon and elastane that will wick moisture from your skin, dry quickly, and move with you. wear it for your daily commute, a stroll around waikiki, or through the pyramids of tulum\u2014it\u2019ll handle any outdoor, hot-weather environment with equal efficiency. plus, the patterns and colors are eye-catching, bright enough they\u2019ll stand out from the crowd and keep you looking sharp all day long. it\u2019s even wrinkle-resistant so you can pull it out of your suitcase and wear it right away. this short sleeve piece is for you cowboys who mourn putting your denim shirts away for the summer. the kuhl stealth shirt features a well-structured wrinkle-resistant architecture, including hardware buttons and a western-style chest with a button-pocket on each side. yet it\u2019s built with a polyester microfiber that\u2019s lightweight and wicks moisture, perfect for a warm day. this button up shirt comes in rugged colors like midnight blue and black. the wellen jacquard patchwork short sleeve shirt is the ideal choice for guys who want to look effortlessly cool. whether you\u2019re on a weekend getaway to the beach or a proper holiday, you\u2019ll be glad you\u2019ve got this shirt in your bag. the organic cotton material is soft, cool, and light, with a handsome texture unique to the jacquard-weave fabric. everything from the loose fit to the relaxed camp collar to the subtle colorways and prints will add to your casual look. stroll along the boardwalk with your favorite chino shorts or head out for a night on the town by pairing it with slacks. however you wear it, it\u2019ll turn heads for sure. american fashion designer todd snyder uses high-quality japanese-sourced fabric to produce a truly striking short-sleeved button up shirt. using pure cotton from the renowned three looms mill, the shirt features bright colors, a comfortable laidback look, and subtle details that make it stand out in any crowd. the cotton is beautifully lightweight and breezy, a great choice for warm days when the sun is bright. you\u2019ll never have to press or iron it, either; the shirt actually looks more relaxed and stylish with a few wrinkles. the marine layer short sleeve stretch selvage shirt will be your best pick for your next tropical or beach vacation. crafted from a feather-light \u201cstretch selvage\u201d fabric, it\u2019ll be the perfect choice to keep you cool on a hot day, allow the jungle breeze to dry your sweat, and move with you as you stroll along the beach, hike a volcano, or lounge at your resort. pair it with jeans, shorts, chinos, or linen pants\u2014however you wear it, you can trust it\u2019ll be the stylish \u201cbeach-friendly\u201d choice for you. from tiki torches to florals to subtle textures, the patagonia back step shirt boasts a universe of diverse styles. whether you go for the sophisticated goshawk dobby or the irreverent swamp stamp multi, all of the shirts feature island-appropriate coconut buttons, chest pockets, and a vented shirttail that you can tuck or untuck. the back step shirt has a hemp-cotton construction for an airy and velvety feel. don\u2019t get us wrong: classically styled cotton short sleeve shirts are a great standby. but when it gets really hot outside, turning towards some of fashion\u2019s more recent fabric innovations is a great move. faherty\u2019s short-sleeve breeze shirt will do the trick like none other, with an eco-friendly hemp, lyocell, and elastance construction that\u2019s light, breezy, naturally anti-odor, and just the right amount of stretchy. its relaxed body and straight fit make it a good choice for casual wear and fun days in the sun. looking to spice up your button up shirt game? try tossing in a few heavily detailed western shirts, like this crosscut deluxe one from howler brothers. double-snap chest pockets and detailed embroidery really make this top pop, and the generous additions of pearl snaps on the placket, pocket, and cuffs make sure that you\u2019re always dressed your best. as for the shirt itself, it\u2019s made with a cotton and polyester blend\u2014cool and breathable enough for a summer\u2019s day, but with the added benefit of being quick drying should you start to work up a sweat. plenty of brands offer a short sleeve button down shirt or two. but for the ultimate in color choices, turn to the stretch riviera shirt from bonobos. it\u2019s available in a staggering 21 different colors and patterns. that\u2019s more than enough to fill your entire closet with\u2014which you just might want to do after you get a feel for how effortlessly classy this shirt wears. plus, you can choose from four different shirt fits (tailored, slim, standard, or athletic) as well as three different lengths (short, regular, or long) to customize your perfect piece. all said and done, that makes the bonobos stretch riviera shirt an instant classic. their backpacks may be tiny, but let us be the first to tell you: fjallraven\u2019s shirts have a fine fit and feel at a very fair price. with much of the same nordic minimalism that the brand\u2019s bags are known for, all four colors of the ovik travel shirt are destined to become casual wardrobe staples throughout the spring and summer. they\u2019re made of an eco-friendly hemp and recycled polyester fabric too, so you can feel great about stocking your closet with a few of them\u2014and the hemp has a bonus of being naturally odor-blocking to boot. the men\u2019s short sleeve button up shirt is a versatile and stylish warm weather wardrobe essential that every man should own. overall, there are plenty of great options when it comes to men\u2019s short sleeve button up shirts. whether you prefer classic, relaxed, or statement-making styles, there is something for everyone. invest in a few high-quality shirts and you\u2019ll have a versatile and stylish wardrobe staple that you can wear for years to come. disclosure: clicking on these links and making a purchase may earn us a small referral fee, at no extra cost to you. learn more here. please enable js and disable any ad blocker. by subscribing you accept our privacy policy. for all its benefits, summer can be a tricky season to dress for. not in terms of effort \u2013 after all, what could be easier than throwing on a pair of shorts and a top? \u2013 more that it can be difficult to get creative when limited to such a small selection of garments. winter brings with it an abundance of sartorial avenues for exploration. we can layer, experiment with textures and use outerwear to our advantage. in summer the options are far fewer. but there is one handy tool you have at your disposal, provided you know how to use it to full effect. enter: the short sleeve button-up shirt. this summery take on the classic button-up is a style-conscious man\u2019s best friend in the warmer months. it can lend a dressier edge to otherwise sloppy poolside ensembles, spice up uninspired outfits via appealing colours and eye-catching patterns, and is one of the few garments through which it\u2019s acceptable to convey a little touch of humour and irony. all-over tropical island print? don\u2019t mind if we do. if you\u2019re yet to join the party (and it is a party) consider this your invitation. here\u2019s everything you need to know when it comes to buying a short-sleeved shirt. to put it simply, a short-sleeved button-up is a must-have garment for the warmer months. it\u2019s relaxed and breezy in a way that its long-sleeved counterpart is not, and makes light work of some of the summer\u2019s most difficult-to-dress-for situations. but short sleeve shirts haven\u2019t always had the best reputation when it comes to style. they spent years typecast as something it guys wore. or that groups of portly dads donned when they finally managed to peel away from their families for a night out with the lads. thankfully, the world has since had its eyes opened to the numerous benefits of the short-sleeved shirt. as a result, there\u2019s now a dizzying amount of choice on offer, and most top-name brands now offer at least a few as part of their spring/summer collections. before you go diving headlong into the proverbial mountain of short sleeve button-ups available, there are a few things to consider. in order to get the garment that best suits your needs, taste and frame it\u2019s good to take a step back and give the following points some thought. fit. is. everything. that applies to pretty much any garment you could think of, but it goes double for shirts. of course, there are different cuts out there and not all of them should fit in the same way. however, with the exception of deliberately oversized, boxy shirts, the general rule is that the seams should sit neatly on the shoulders and the hemline should sit a couple of inches below your waist. there\u2019s not much opportunity for playing with texture when it comes to summer shirting, but there is some. oxford cloth, poplin and linen are the most popular fabrics for short-sleeved shirts, with the latter being the lightest, breeziest and most tactile. this is where the fun starts. sure, there are plenty of understated, block-colour options that look great, but there\u2019s also a lot of scope for getting jazzy. from dark florals to hawaiian prints \u2013 a short-sleeve shirt (particularly a cuban collar one) is the perfect vehicle through which to exhibit some flair and personality. just make sure to keep everything else in your outfit subtle and toned down. with its open collar and throwback charm, the cuban collar shirt is our go-to short sleeve. it\u2019s laid back, unapologetically summery and provides a stylish alternative to a traditional shirt with a classic collar. it looks great on its own or can be worn open over a plain t-shirt or even a vest. the oxford-cloth button-down, or ocbd, is one of menswear\u2019s true essentials. this short-sleeved version boasts all of the same versatility and good looks as its long-sleeved counterpart, but won\u2019t leave you hot and bothered when the mercury rises. as we\u2019ve mentioned already, a short-sleeve shirt can be a great tool for bringing a splash of colour and character to an outfit. this is best achieved through prints and patterns. a patterned design can really bring an outfit to life, and if you\u2019re not a fan of in-your-face prints, there are plenty of subtle options out there too. linen is to summer what wool is to winter. it\u2019s the perfect fabric for the warmer months, boasting breathability, lightness and plenty of riviera cool points to boot. naturally, it lends itself well to a short-sleeve shirt, making the perfect garment for poolside lounging, back-garden barbecuing, and alfresco vacation evenings in the sun. it\u2019s difficult to find a menswear brand that doesn\u2019t offer a short-sleeve shirt of some description. still, some do a much better job of it than others. in our experience, the brands listed below are the cream of the proverbial crop when it comes to kitting yourself out with some summer-friendly shirting. from out-there prints to upscale minimalism, these are the short-sleeved shirt brands every ape reader should know. sweden\u2019s a day\u2019s march first caught our attention with its spectacular light outerwear. but there\u2019s more to this direct-to-consumer label than just top-notch overshirts. in fact, shirts of any description are something the brand does extremely well, bringing its own contemporary scandi twist to some of menswear\u2019s best-loved silhouettes. take the short-sleeved options, for example: they\u2019re simple, perfectly cut, well built and rendered in a range of off-beat fabrics ranging from tencel to terry towelling. buy now at a day\u2019s march. having cut his teeth at the likes of gap and polo ralph lauren, todd synder set up his eponymous clothing label in 2011. since then, the all-american brand has become a household name, forging a reputation for producing high-quality, contemporary basics with a distinct east coast flair. producing a wide range of short-sleeved shirts each spring/summer, expect plain and patterned designs rendered in a variety of premium fabrics including rayon, irish linen and panama cloth. buy now at todd snyder. inspired by and designed in sunny california, taylor stitch knows a thing or two about dressing for warm weather. the san fransisco outfit has built its brand on the back of simple, rugged garments that are built to last \u2013 and its short sleeve button-ups are no exception. coming in versatile block colours and subdued patterns, these are the type of pieces you will get use of from many summers to come. buy now at taylor stitch. british brand orlebar brown has established itself as the first word in luxury resortwear. after breaking onto the scene by reinventing the swim short with a tailored twist, this james bond favourite began making everything a man could need to tackle the beach or the pool in style. short-sleeved shirts, of course, are no exception. just check out the selection of premium cuban collars for proof, featuring everything from simple pastel shades to eye-catching all-over prints. buy now at orlebar brown. gitman is one of the oldest and most respected names in american casual shirting. the label\u2019s gitman vintage line draws inspiration from its sprawling archives, deploying wild patterns and daring prints to glorious effect. for those who prefer their shirts with a tad more subtlety, there are plenty of toned-down, but equally appealing options too. minimalism: the trend that won\u2019t die. while mainstream fashion continues to get bigger, bulkier and more garish, pared-back scandinavian style has remained steadfast. nn07\u2019s low-key essentials are a glowing example of this, boasting form-flattering cuts, high-quality construction and not much else. because what more could you want than that? with diverse influences ranging from streetwear to ivy league style, beams plus has long been one of japan\u2019s leading names when it comes to menswear. short sleeve shirts available here range from simple oxford button-downs to intricately patterned cuban collars, all made to the absolute highest quality in the label\u2019s native country. streetwear originator stussy is no stranger to a head-turning pattern, and nowhere is this more evident than across the brand\u2019s seasonal short-sleeved shirt offering. the garments on offer here are bold, bright and often featuring off-beat, tongue-in-cheek prints that are sure to spice things up at your next bbq. if orlebar brown is the uk\u2019s answer to high-end resortwear then onia is the usa\u2019s. the new york city label specialises in breezy warm-weather clothing, perfectly suited to tackling summer in style. shirt-wise, expect printed cuban collars, light and loose linen, and plenty of understated options for those who prefer to keep their poolside stylings low key. if you\u2019re not a fan of statement shirts then you may want to skip this one. endless joy\u2019s short sleeve shirts certainly aren\u2019t for the faint of heart, but if you\u2019ve got the cajones to pull them off, the style rewards can be colossal. the designs are inspired by mythology and balinese culture, featuring original artwork by founder stevie anderson. think jungle prints, angels, demons and beyond, all in anderson\u2019s unique, colourful style. buy now at matchesfashion. at the other end of the spectrum, polo ralph lauren has plenty to offer for those who like their shirting a little more conservative. the brand is famous for its preppy oxford shirts and does a short-sleeve version in a variety of cuts and colours to keep fans of preppy east coast style happy all year round. paddy maddison is ape's style editor. his work has been published in esquire, men\u2019s health, shortlist, the independent and more. an outerwear and sneaker fanatic, his finger is firmly on the pulse for the latest trends, while always maintaining an interest in classic style. by subscribing you accept our privacy policy. \u00a9 ape to gentleman 2023. to revisit this article, visit my profile, then\u00a0view saved stories. to revisit this article, select my account, then\u00a0view saved stories. when the best short sleeve shirts for men are running amok, no one needs to sweat their way through summer for the sake of style. this isn\u2019t a brave statement to make, but considering the number of inexplicably sleeved arms swinging around on any given sweltering day, it seems worth mentioning. besides, we\u2019re riding a pretty strong short sleeve wave at the moment\u2014it\u2019d be a shame to waste it. and it ain't not just camp shirts that are thriving, either. featherweight seersucker is back in the chat, bouncy-ass linens are everywhere, embroidery hasn\u2019t had this much fun in decades and if you want see-through, you got see-through, my dude. and if you want to let those arms breathe, mess with some button configurations, be (at least a little) more comfortable this season, and look great while doing it, we grabbed our 21 favorite short-sleeve shirts for you to get into right now. all products featured on gq are independently selected by our editors. however, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. don\u2019t overthink it: wear it with the same ease as its long-sleeved striped brethren. you can make this one as sexy as you want to\u2014and we suggest turning that dial up to 11. deep inside its early-00s hot concrete skatepark bag, also perfectly capable of normal shirt work. a linen from a legendary mill, a beefed-up stripe pattern that already looks like it spent the summer in the sun and a price south of $60. sheesh. sweater? polo? regular shirt? when it plays with everything you already own, who cares. (note: we do. deeply. linen doesn\u2019t usually stretch though, so let\u2019s go with regular shirt.). a shirt that looks just as good worn open over a white tank or all on its own. lightweight, packed with some cheeky texture and cut loose to keep that torso breezy even on the hottest days. camp-collar alohas are still the category powerhouse, but this unhinged nicholas daley joint hasn\u2019t heard of them and doesn\u2019t care. a cheat code for compliments and the unequivocal star of any outfit it features in. in other words, a real headliner. keep the pockets of your other teched-out jackets, lose the parts that make you sweat. standing out can be as simple as moving some pockets around. (can be.). sometimes literally all you need is a good blown-out floral print to turn your go-to outfit into your summer outfit. if a sumptious-ass, mustard-yellow, wood-paneled boat was a dumb good seersucker shirt, it would be this seersucker shirt. this one might not qualify because there aren\u2019t any buttons, but the rest of it is so good that excluding it would feel wrong and also it\u2019s woven so it\u2019s also technically not a polo. on some rat pack poolside during the vegas residency type beat. not sure who was clamoring for a polo-workshirt hybrid, but we have one and it\u2019s great and makes way more sense than it should. idk it\u2019s warm out. have fun, wear a loud shirt, try to make sure that it goes as hard as jacquemus\u2019 do. the good pattern makes it pop, the good color makes it easy to style. looking like a translucent tennis ball been has never been this mf sexy. loud embroidery is having itself a little moment\u2014this is a slightly quieter entry point for the curious. kapital went and put a patchwork shirt inside a gauze shirt and then destroyed the shirts and then fixed them and it was all 100% worth it. wayfair's spring clearance sale: up to 70% off. apply bed bath and beyond coupon and save 25% off your entire purchase. 20% off collapsible laundry basket with michaels coupon. knock up to 80% off trending clothing with asos coupon. michael kors promo code: sign up for korsvip + get 10% off on first order. \u00a9 2023 cond\u00e9 nast. all rights reserved. use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement and privacy policy and cookie statement and your california privacy rights. gq may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our affiliate partnerships with retailers. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of cond\u00e9 nast. ad choices. why trust the dwym score? dwym is focused on helping you make the best purchasing decision. our team of experts spends hundreds of hours analyzing, testing, and researching products so you don't have to.learn more. silky and stylishthere's a pleasing feel to this soft bamboo shirt. silky and stylishthere's a pleasing feel to this soft bamboo shirt. classy linen lookdress to impress with linen. classy linen lookdress to impress with linen. there are shirts for work, night-out shirts, and shirts for lounging around the house. and then there is the short-sleeved, collared button-down shirt \u2014 the workhorse of any guy\u2019s wardrobe. anyone who owns one usually has several in their closet, and small wonder. they\u2019re practical, they\u2019re classy, and even the patterned ones can do double duty as weekend or office wear. needless to say, you\u2019re apt to wear these shirts quite a bit, so it\u2019s important to find the right one. the first thing to know is that just because a shirt has a collar and buttons doesn\u2019t mean it\u2019s \u201cbuttoned down.\u201d a buttoned-down collar specifically refers to a shirt where the collars have buttons at the tips which fasten them onto the lapels. these fasteners aren\u2019t just for show. they keep the collar firmly in place while you\u2019re wearing a tie, and although you don\u2019t need to use them per se, it\u2019s definitely a mark of professionalism in the workplace. of course, short sleeve shirts can also be worn in a casual setting, which is what makes this specific style so versatile. with that in mind, go for fit and comfort first. when you try on the shirt, it should be loose enough to allow the full range of movement with your arms without being shapeless or baggy. if there\u2019s any stretching of the fabric in between your shirt buttons, you should definitely go up a size or two. material is the next thing to consider, especially if you plan on wearing that shirt to the office. for work shirts, cotton is always a good bet. you might need to put in a little more time ironing the wrinkles out (especially with egyptian cotton or other fine fabrics), but the feel and durability are first rate. cotton is also less likely to hold onto sweat and can be very breathable. synthetic fabrics like nylon or polyester are more affordable choices that will work just fine for casual wear. if you want a silkier feel and a smoother look for date nights, there are bamboo shirts that might cost a little more but can be worth it in terms of the texture. oxford shirts are a common type, made from a thicker, more textured cloth. they\u2019re generally very durable and easy to clean, which is why you\u2019ll see them worn by service industry workers and those who need to look presentable while still dealing with potential stains. if you\u2019re dressing to impress, you\u2019ll definitely want to sweat the small stuff. that includes the type of buttons, which may not be buttons at all. pearl fasteners can be a classy alternative, and wood or metal buttons will almost always be more durable and classy than the standard plastic type. at the very least, make sure your shirt has a couple of extra buttons sewn on near the bottom. they can be a lifesaver if you happen to lose one or two at a crucial time. the real highlight of this shirt is the soft bamboo fabric. it makes the garment very breathable, with a feel that's almost like silk. you can pair this one with any jacket for a night out, especially the darker colors. there's nothing like the soft yet textured feel of linen blend shirts, and this one is a perfect example. a little tlc is required in the laundry room, but it doesn't take much ironing to keep it wrinkle free. overall, it's a solid shirt for work or play. there are shirts for work, night-out shirts, and shirts for lounging around the house. and then there is the short-sleeved, collared button-down shirt \u2014 the workhorse of any guy\u2019s wardrobe. anyone who owns one usually has several in their closet, and small wonder. they\u2019re practical, they\u2019re classy, and even the patterned ones can do double duty as weekend or office wear. needless to say, you\u2019re apt to wear these shirts quite a bit, so it\u2019s important to find the right one. the first thing to know is that just because a shirt has a collar and buttons doesn\u2019t mean it\u2019s \u201cbuttoned down.\u201d a buttoned-down collar specifically refers to a shirt where the collars have buttons at the tips which fasten them onto the lapels. these fasteners aren\u2019t just for show. they keep the collar firmly in place while you\u2019re wearing a tie, and although you don\u2019t need to use them per se, it\u2019s definitely a mark of professionalism in the workplace. of course, short sleeve shirts can also be worn in a casual setting, which is what makes this specific style so versatile. with that in mind, go for fit and comfort first. when you try on the shirt, it should be loose enough to allow the full range of movement with your arms without being shapeless or baggy. if there\u2019s any stretching of the fabric in between your shirt buttons, you should definitely go up a size or two. material is the next thing to consider, especially if you plan on wearing that shirt to the office. for work shirts, cotton is always a good bet. you might need to put in a little more time ironing the wrinkles out (especially with egyptian cotton or other fine fabrics), but the feel and durability are first rate. cotton is also less likely to hold onto sweat and can be very breathable. synthetic fabrics like nylon or polyester are more affordable choices that will work just fine for casual wear. if you want a silkier feel and a smoother look for date nights, there are bamboo shirts that might cost a little more but can be worth it in terms of the texture. oxford shirts are a common type, made from a thicker, more textured cloth. they\u2019re generally very durable and easy to clean, which is why you\u2019ll see them worn by service industry workers and those who need to look presentable while still dealing with potential stains. if you\u2019re dressing to impress, you\u2019ll definitely want to sweat the small stuff. that includes the type of buttons, which may not be buttons at all. pearl fasteners can be a classy alternative, and wood or metal buttons will almost always be more durable and classy than the standard plastic type. at the very least, make sure your shirt has a couple of extra buttons sewn on near the bottom. they can be a lifesaver if you happen to lose one or two at a crucial time. from mile-high heels to constrictive bodices, women have unquestionably had to endure the most pain in the pursuit of fashion. that\u2019s not to say that men haven\u2019t suffered too: for a time in the 19th century, formal collars were made from celluloid, which did a great job of remaining stiff. a little too stiff, as it turns out, since some men actually died due to their collars cutting off oxygen flow to the brain. once you\u2019ve got that shirt buttoned up, it\u2019s time for the age-old question: tie or no tie? the very fact that you\u2019re wearing short sleeves means you probably don\u2019t need to go that formal. still, if you\u2019re in a pinch and work requires a tie, throw a blazer on to cover those arms and follow these simple guidelines. solid colors are usually the best bet for work, and can say a lot about your style. red is of course the quintessential \u201cpower\u201d color, though you can mute it\u2019s aggressive effect with darker shades like burgundy. blue is usually a safe bet for any office, and confident wearers can get away with a nice yellow or purple tie. patterned ties can also be effective, but never wear them with a patterned shirt. tod caviness has been a features journalist and writer in central florida for the past 20 years. his stories covered everything from indie fashion to nightlife, but they have only slightly improved his taste in clothes or the quality of his homemade manhattans. luckily, he still looks good in black. dwym simplifies the research process by aggregating the reviews of the top product review sites. the result is the dwym score which represents the overall true rating of a product based upon a 1-10 scale. for the men's short-sleeved collared button-down shirt category, we analyzed 0 of the most popular reviews including reviews from  and more. the result is a ranking of the best men's short-sleeved collared button-down shirts. we independently review everything we recommend. when you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. learn more\u203a. we\u2019ve reviewed this guide and stand by our picks. we also added care and maintenance tips. a button-up shirt may be your closet\u2019s stealthiest chameleon, equally at home in a blue-chip law firm, an oonz-oonz dance club, and a sunday farmers market. but this undeniable utility can make choosing a button-up overwhelming, especially since you can spend upwards of $300 on a bespoke version or just $10 for one from a mass retailer. after researching hundreds online and having people with various body types test them, we\u2019ve found five shirts\u2014oxford, dress, and linen\u2014that stood out for their fit, quality, and wearable comfort. we recruited testers who wore sizes s to 3xl and looked for shirts in that range (though many brands cap at xxl). we looked for even stitching (with minimal to no loose threads!) and sturdy collars. we also checked for buttons that stay closed but are easy to undo in a pinch. we sought shirts made with materials that are comfortable to wear and durable but still easy to care for (no dry-clean-only picks here!). after considering shirts between $20 and $130, we found that pieces priced between $75 and $100 provided the best combination of fit, look, quality, and comfort. sizing is key in all clothing choices. but it merits a line of further mention in this guide, since button-ups employ two sizing conventions: alpha (s, m, l, xl) and numeric. for example, i\u2019m a medium and also a 16 x 33 (which represents neck circumference and sleeve length in inches). to try shirts from both sizing categories, we enlisted a group of five testers: wired service editor alan henry, wirecutter senior staff writer kimber streams, wirecutter editor thorin klosowski, and wirecutter\u2019s treye green and justin krajeski (that\u2019s me). the testers wore sizes ranging from small to 3xl (in the entries below, we specify which testers wore which sizes; it varied by brand). the j.crew oxford is a light, comfy shirt that comes in several cuts, for a more-precise fit, and a wide array of colors and prints (which change often). this shirt\u2019s thinner fabric is better suited to warm weather or layering. *at the time of publishing, the price was $80. how it feels: this is the lightest, softest oxford button-down we\u2019ve worn in a while, with a more-customized fit. tester fit: i wore classic m, alan wore classic xxl, kimber wore classic s, and treye and thorin both wore slim s. why it\u2019s great: if you\u2019re looking for a well-fitting, breathable oxford that comes in a ton of cuts and colors, our panelists agree that the j.crew broken-in organic cotton oxford shirt is your best bet. let\u2019s start with the size range. this shirt comes in sizes xs to xxl and in a range of cuts: classic, slim, and tall. more fit options allow a shopper to zero in on body, sleeve, and hem measurements. in our testing and research, this level of customization wasn\u2019t available with most oxfords. so this element gave the j.crew shirt an advantage, especially for those who often have trouble finding just the right fit from a standard shirt. in our wash tests, the sleeve measurement shrank an inch, so keep this in mind for sizing. because of the customization, our panelists were all able to find a size and fit they loved. \u201cthis was my favorite fit out of the oxfords that i tried,\u201d treye said. \u201cthe arms hit at the right length, and there wasn\u2019t any extra fabric when it was tucked in.\u201d the j.crew oxford is made from lightweight, 100% cotton, so it\u2019s nice for warmer weather or layering under a sweater. with its thinner fabric, this shirt has a little more give and allows for a bit more movement than the uniqlo oxford we recommend. and yet the j.crew shirt also has solid construction\u2014the buttons are snug, secure, and easy to fasten, and there are extras sewn inside. and the collar stands firmly. we tested the j.crew oxford with mixed blue-and-white stripes (i\u2019m a sucker for heavy new england vibes), but the available color range is ample. at the time of writing, the shirt came in 22 colors and patterns, from a light purple to a busy plaid crosshatch. there\u2019s also a relaxed fit version. be aware that j.crew often sells groups of colors and patterns on different product pages, so it\u2019s worth doing a site search to see all of the available options. if you\u2019re the sort of dresser who likes to mix it up, you won\u2019t find more variety than with this shirt. flaws but not dealbreakers: the j.crew shirt feels less substantial than other oxfords we wore. the fabric is light, and one tester thought the stitching felt less sturdy and more likely to loosen over time. however, we\u2019ve always found j.crew\u2019s clothing to be quite durable. we\u2019ll keep an eye on this shirt and report any issues. sizes: xs to xxlfabric: 100% organic cottonfront pocket: yesfit: classic, slim, slim untucked, tall,\u00a0relaxednumber of colors: up to 22 (including white, blue, several stripes, plaids). though a bit rigid at first, the affordable uniqlo oxford slim-fit long-sleeve shirt is polished and comfortable enough to wear on a regular workday or at the weekend. how it feels: the uniqlo shirt\u2019s slim fit isn\u2019t stifling, but it is notable. this shirt is well-constructed enough to work into your weekly wardrobe. tester fit: kimber and i both wore m; alan wore 3xl; treye and thorin both wore s. why it\u2019s great: the uniqlo oxford slim-fit long-sleeve shirt is a fairly good-quality oxford button-down that\u2019s decently priced and comes in a variety of colors and sizes. the shirt i tested had a few stray threads sticking out from the seams, but the combed-cotton fabric was thick. and the shirt has strong buttons and nice, rugged double-stitched seams. though the uniqlo shirt comes in fewer colors than the j.crew shirt, it\u2019s also less than half the price. so the uniqlo shirt is a great deal, especially if you want to try out a few unconventional colors. this shirt comes in a wide variety of sizes: xxs through 3xl (though we\u2019ve noticed that they aren\u2019t always in stock). the shirt fit most of our panelists well in their normal sizes, but the biggest caveat is right there in the name: slim-fit. curiously, the uniqlo oxford is offered only in a slim fit, with no regular option. in practical terms, that means the shoulder and chest measurements are an inch or so smaller than those of the brand\u2019s regular-fit shirts, including uniqlo\u2019s flannel shirts. \u201cit\u2019s clear that uniqlo is definitely made for thinner people,\u201d alan remarked after testing a 3xl, which had a chest measurement of 28 inches. (the brand\u2019s regular 3xl measures 29 1/7 inches.) even so, alan found the fit wearable, as did his fellow panelists. if you\u2019re worried about sizing issues, test it out in-store, or order a few sizes online and factor in the $7 return shipping fee. this all-cotton shirt instructs wearers to machine-wash but line-dry. that\u2019s not always realistic, so we threw it in the dryer on low heat to see what would happen. the shirt shrank an inch in length and another inch in the sleeves, but it was otherwise unnoticeable. that\u2019s not a huge amount, but it is more than on any other shirt we washed. keep this in mind for sizing and when deciding how to clean the uniqlo shirt. the uniqlo oxford comes in five colors: off-white, gray, yellow, blue, and navy (though these update seasonally). i tested the navy and was surprised at how polished, sleek, and expensive it felt, especially for something costing $30 (at the time of original publication). it\u2019s also worth noting that although the other colors have standard white buttons, the navy and yellow feature colored buttons to match the shirt, an especially elegant and cohesive touch. flaws but not dealbreakers: although the uniqlo\u2019s fabric is generally comfortable, we preferred the more expensive j.crew oxford. though both feel tough, the uniqlo shirt was still stiff, even after weeks of testing and a few washes. that said, you\u2019re paying about half the price for the uniqlo, and it\u2019s a good-looking shirt, so this may be an acceptable trade-off. as we stated above, this shirt comes only in a slim fit. if you prefer shirts that are a bit more billowy, our other recommendations may suit you better. sizes: xxs to 3xlfabric: 100% cottonfront pocket: yesnumber of colors: five (navy, pale blue, pink, gray, off-white). the soft and stretchy bonobos tech button down is durable and handsome. and it comes in a wide range of colors and sizes, more than for any other shirt we tested. the soft and stretchy bonobos tech button down is durable and handsome. and it comes in a wide range of colors and sizes, more than for any other shirt we tested. how it feels: the smooth nylon has just a bit of stretch, so the shirt feels light and sleek against the skin, not cheap or staticky (like some synthetic blends). the sensation is completely different than what you get with most cotton shirts (which usually feel crisp and can drag against the skin). tester fit: i wore m regular, alan wore 3xl regular, kimber wore s short, and treye and thorin both wore s slim. why it\u2019s great: we found bonobos clothing to be comfortable and of high quality, so i was psyched to test its standard dress shirt. i wasn\u2019t disappointed. of the 12 dress shirts i tried, the bonobos shirt fit and felt the best, and our panelists readily agreed. the bonobos sizing options are unprecedented for a mass retailer\u2014eight sizes, with a wide variety of fits and lengths. the standard-size shirts range from xs to xxl and can also be fitted for chest and shoulder measurements (tailored, slim, standard, or athletic) and shirt body length (regular, short, or long). the extended-size range goes from 2xl to 4xl and is currently offered in standard and prominent fit. it\u2019s worth mentioning that the size 4x chest measurement goes up to 64\u00bd inches, the most generous we saw for any shirt in any category. for an off-the-rack option\u2014one that\u2019s not made especially for your body by a tailor\u2014the bonobos shirt provides about as good a fit as you can find. i loved the fit of my shirt, and so did every other panelist. as with most shirts we tested, with this one various sizes and colors tend to go in and out of stock. but they\u2019ve come back every season for at least two years, so we feel confident that bonobos will keep making this model. kimber, who wore size s, found that the \u201cshort\u201d length\u2014which is 1\u00bc inches shorter than the regular\u2014fit better than any other button-up shirt. at 5-foot-6, they\u2019re often left with too much bulk on dress shirts, which makes tucking unwieldy. not so with the bonobos. alan wore a size 3xl (which has a 61-inch chest, 37-inch sleeve, and 33-inch body), and he loved the sizing and the shirt\u2019s soft, pliant fabric. \u201cit feels great with or without an undershirt,\u201d he told me. \u201cthe length of the sleeves and the width of the collar is perfect.\u201d after it was machine-washed and -dried, this shirt shrank an inch in body length. i agreed. the shirt sat cleanly across my shoulders and tucked into my pants with minimal wrinkles. at 2 inches, the collar stood a little shorter than others we wore (most were around 2\u00bd inches); it looked streamlined, not diminutive, and still easily accommodated a standard tie. the collar wasn\u2019t itchy or overly tight, and the stays (rigid plastic inserts that anchor a collar\u2019s point) were thin and stable. the synthetic fabric is a mix of 93% nylon and 7% spandex, so it has a subtle stretch and feels smooth. unlike some synthetic blends we tried, this fabric didn\u2019t feel slippery or overly thin; it didn\u2019t feel like the kind of fabric you should be very careful wearing around a fire pit. i despise transparent dress shirts\u2014in dressy settings, your nipples should never show through\u2014and the bonobos shirt offers full coverage, full stop. no nipple peeks at all, even without an undershirt, which wasn\u2019t the case with a few of the other dress shirts i tested (the horror). that being said, the shirt also wasn\u2019t so thick that it made me hot or sweaty. this shirt is well constructed, with buttons that are easy to fasten. and the design allows for micro sleeve adjustments, thanks to the two buttons on the wrists. another nice touch: two replacement buttons sewn inside the bottom of the placket. one tester was so enthusiastic about his bonobos shirt that the one he tested wasn\u2019t enough. \u201chonestly, i\u2019m about to go buy more of these shirts,\u201d alan wrote. \u201cthey\u2019re some of the most comfortable and well-fitting dress shirts i\u2019ve ever tried.\u201d. flaws but not dealbreakers: when we originally published this guide, extended sizes of this pick cost $118 \u2014 $20 more than the standard-size shirt. bonobos has since updated the pricing, and all sizes now cost $99. at first touch, the fabric felt cheap, according to kimber. and that\u2019s an honest, subjective reaction to fabric that isn\u2019t natural, like cotton or linen. once they tried the shirt on, though, they said it felt smooth and comfortable. sizes: xs to 4xlfabric: 93% nylon, 7% spandexfront pocket: nofit: slim, tailored, athletic (xxl and smaller only), prominent (xxl and larger only), standardlengths: short (xxl and smaller only), regular, longnumber of colors: 23 (xxl and smaller only), two (xxl and larger only). the well-made kirkland men\u2019s tailored fit dress shirt is nicely priced, and its fit is roomy, not slim. how it feels: the fit is more relaxed, and the fabric is substantial, if a little stiff\u2014it wears like a shirt that will last a while. tester fit: i wore 16 x 33; kimber and thorin both wore 15\u00bd x 33; treye wore 15 x 32. why it\u2019s great:if you\u2019re looking for an affordable yet high-quality dress shirt, kirkland makes our favorite pick. currently, the kirkland men\u2019s tailored fit dress shirt is unavailable online, but you may find it at your local costco. if you can\u2019t find it there, and you\u2019re looking for a shirt of similar quality and style to purchase online, consider the kirkland signature men\u2019s traditional fit dress shirt. it also runs up to a larger size, 20 x 36/37. we haven\u2019t tested it, but we may consider it for a future update. like the tailored fit dress shirt, this shirt is also made from two-ply 100% cotton. unlike our pick, it has a button-down collar. the tailored fit dress shirt that we tested has numeric sizing from 15 inches to 18 inches in the neck, including half-sizes, and from 32 inches to 36 inches in the sleeve. the cut is generous, ideal for someone with broad shoulders, big arms, and a wide chest. it\u2019s one of the longest shirts we recommend. but that shouldn\u2019t be a problem since dress shirts are meant to be worn tucked in\u2014the longer the shirt, the less opportunity it has to come untucked. i\u2019m 5-foot-11, and a 16 x 33 shirt hit me mid-thigh. once they tucked the shirt in, the extra fabric wasn\u2019t a problem for any testers. and they all found the shirt fit well, if not exactly \u201ctailored\u201d (perhaps a bit of a stretch from the kirkland product-naming department). don\u2019t look to your dryer to tighten up the fit, though\u2014in our tests, this shirt didn\u2019t shrink at all on low heat (which the care label recommends). the kirkland fit smoothly along my torso, with no puckering at the chest or shoulders. \u201cthis shirt was spacious enough for me to easily lift my arms and have a good range of motion,\u201d said treye, who wore a 15 x 32. though other dress shirts treye wore were tight around the neck (even when he ordered his exact measurement), the kirkland was pleasantly loose, with a thin, affixed collar stay that kept the collar from drooping or sagging. the kirkland men\u2019s tailored fit dress shirt is made from two-ply 100% cotton, with straight, consistent stitching. (i spotted just a couple of loose threads, significantly fewer than on other shirts at this price point.) because it is pure cotton, this shirt is not stretchy like the bonobos shirt (if you favor the give of spandex, this isn\u2019t the shirt for you). but it\u2019s also comfy without being bulky, so none of our testers felt constricted or hemmed in. the fabric is totally opaque and feels durable, especially for the price. a final high-end touch: the last button hole is horizontal, rather than vertical; this is to prevent the fabric from gaping over the stomach and keep it secure. for the price, no other dress shirt came close to kirkland\u2019s quality. the h&m dress shirt we tested, for example, was $5 more, and it looked and felt extremely cheap. flaws but not dealbreakers: this shirt feels stiff at first, but it softens after repeated wears. some of our panelists thought that the cotton weave was rough and itchy, especially compared with the feel of the bonobos shirt. fair enough. that\u2019s because, as we noted, it\u2019s a cotton shirt, without the silky feel of a synthetic, and that distinction is a matter of preference. it also comes only in white (the standard color most people would tend to buy their dress shirts in). but if you\u2019re looking for variety, you\u2019ll have to go elsewhere. sizes: 15 x 32 to 18 x 36fabric: 100% cottonfront pocket: yesnumber of colors: one (white). the club monaco shirt looks and feels polished enough to wear to a nice lunch yet casual enough for a day at the beach. like all linen shirts, this one is meant to wrinkle. *at the time of publishing, the price was $99. how it feels: the club monaco slim linen shirt feels smooth, well constructed, and breathable but not flimsy. tester fit: i wore m, alan wore xxl, and kimber, treye, and thorin all wore s. why it\u2019s great: linen fabric can evoke strong feelings\u2014people usually love it or hate it. its weave is more textured than that of cotton, and many people relish how the coarse, breathable fabric feels against their skin. others don\u2019t appreciate that texture, or the fact that linen is notorious for wrinkling\u2014most shirts we tested ended up deeply creased and misshapen within an hour. of course, that\u2019s also part of the charm of linen. the rumpled look is part of the deal\u2014it\u2019s perfect for hot summer days, vacations, or other less-iron-crisp moments. the club monaco slim linen shirt was the best of the eight linen shirts i tested. it wasn\u2019t scratchy\u2014not even on my first wear\u2014and it wrinkled less than most, staying relatively sharp through a day of working, running errands, and grabbing dinner with friends. even today, it is more pleasantly disheveled than distractingly unkempt. like the uniqlo oxford, the club monaco linen shirt comes only in a slim fit. in general, that wasn\u2019t something that irked our testers\u2014or something they even noticed\u2014except when it came to length. the uniqlo shirt is shorter than some button-ups we tried\u201429\u00bd inches; this would be tricky only if you prefer a tucked look, or if you have a long torso. in those cases, i recommend checking out the j.crew baird mcnutt irish linen shirt instead. the club monaco comes in xs to xxl, or 35 inches to 47 inches across the chest and 32 inches to 38 inches in the sleeve. (though we saw an xxs during testing, stock fluctuates.) some linen shirts we saw needed to be hand-washed, but this one is machine-washable and can tolerate the dryer, which helps cut down on wrinkles. in our tests, it shrank only half an inch in both body and sleeve length. although many of the linen shirts i tested were essentially see-through\u2014pretty standard in the category\u2014the club monaco lent more-than-modest coverage. the brand describes the linen as lightweight. and while it\u2019s certainly not thick or burlap-y, i could wear it to work without seeming indecent or overly casual. the club monaco shirt is the second-most-expensive linen shirt we tested. but the value was immediately apparent. i particularly loved the stylish details, like the white shell buttons (on the white shirt i tried). it\u2019s one of only two shirts we recommend with a high-quality thread shank to secure the buttons and make them easier to fasten. the collar buttons down, too, and the shirt comes in a sea of pleasant blue tones, as well as a nice crisp white. flaws but not dealbreakers: if you have an especially long torso and plan on wearing the shirt tucked, you might find the club monaco slim linen shirt to be too short. and because the shirt has a slim fit, if you like your linen baggy, size up. it\u2019s also worth mentioning that not everyone loves linen\u2014even very nice linen. \u201clinen shirts are not for me,\u201d thorin said, noting that the fabric sat uncomfortably on his body. (he wore the shirt in size s.). sizes: xs to xxlfabric: 100% linenfront pocket: yesfit: slimnumber of colors: two (white, \u201cmushroom\u201d beige). all of the shirts that we recommend in this guide can be machine-washed on cold with a stain-fighting detergent like tide ultra stain release. to get the most longevity out of your shirts, skip the dryer and air-dry instead. smooth wrinkles as soon as the garment emerges from the wash, then hang to dry on a clothesline or sturdy wooden hanger. if you prefer to use the dryer, you\u2019re in luck: all our picks can be safely tumble-dried on low heat. just bear in mind that heat from the dryer can cause natural fibers like cotton and linen to shrink. in our tests, we experienced varying degrees of shrinkage: our cotton picks from j.crew and uniqlo each shrunk by 1 inch, the club monaco linen shirt shrunk 0.5 inch, and the kirkland cotton shirt didn\u2019t shrink at all\u2014so factor this in when considering what size to buy and how you plan to care for your shirt. you can iron cotton shirts on low heat with an iron like one of our picks. linen, too, can tolerate ironing if you prefer a crisper finish\u2014just make sure to iron while the shirt is still damp, or use a spray bottle to spritz the shirt with water as you go. but shirts made from synthetic fibers, especially those containing spandex like our pick from bonobos, shouldn\u2019t be ironed; excess heat and pressure can crush, warp, and even melt their yarns. luckily, we found the bonobos dress shirt to be pretty wrinkle-resistant. if you do want to freshen it up, smooth it with a garment steamer like our pick from conair. i\u2019m a style writer, which means i compare, test, and report on wearable items. to prepare for this guide, i talked with friends about their favorite button-up shirts. i brushed up on the difference between button-up shirts and button-down shirts. i learned about dress shirts, oxford button-downs, and linen shirts (as well as zoom shirts). i spent a month obsessing over minute features that distinguish one shirt from another. after separating the wheat from the chaff during my personal testing, i put together a diverse panel of testers to give me feedback on the best button-up shirts. i started by researching hundreds of button-up shirts. and, based on specs and user reviews, i narrowed the field to 29 highly rated models: 12 dress shirts, nine oxfords, and eight linen shirts. for this piece, we focused on button-up shirts marketed to men, though these styles can be worn by people of any gender. kimber streams, a senior staff writer who is non-binary, enhanced the scope and feel of this guide with their participation. unlike shirts marketed to women, the shirts in this guide have straight seams, with minimal tapering at the hip and similar measurements at the chest and waist. in my first round of testing, i wore each shirt for a few days. after getting a sense of the feel, i eliminated ones with thin- or starchy-feeling fabric, transparent fabric, ragged stitching and frayed seams, or flimsy buttons and irregular button holes. i also noted when a shirt didn\u2019t offer enough size diversity and when stores had poor return policies (though that didn\u2019t immediately disqualify a contender). the following criteria narrowed down our list even further:. fit: fit is extremely important in all of our style guides, and it can be difficult to account for a wide variety of body types. i recruited panel testers of different sizes to wear each shirt, from s to 3xl. a person\u2019s aesthetic is entirely subjective, but we investigated whether each button-up shirt looked and felt good enough to be worth the price\u2014especially since many of the ones we tested and recommended are costly. sizing: many button-up shirts cap out at xxl, so it was difficult to ding any particular brand for that sort of limited range. still, we looked for shirts that offered an even wider variety of sizes. to check for shrinkage, i measured the sleeve and body length of each shirt, and then washed and dried it according to its care label. then i measured again to calculate the difference. quality: i was looking for high-quality, well-constructed button-ups that would last for years. during my initial testing, i looked for shirts with even stitching at the seams, few to no loose threads, and well-built collars. in the dress shirt category, i looked for shirts with sturdy collar stays. buttons: some shirts were difficult to button and unbutton, while others were too lax. the best stay buttoned and pop out with a flick of the thumb. fabric: we tested shirts in several different types of fabric. but no matter a shirt\u2019s composition, we insisted the fabric felt comfortable against the skin, and that it was durable and opaque enough that it didn\u2019t require an undershirt. we also looked for fabrics that are easy to care for. most of our picks are machine-washable. price: i considered a range of button-up shirts priced between about $20 and $130. there was a significant difference in quality between $20 shirts and those that cost $30. i saw another jump between shirts that cost $30 and those that were $75. shirts priced between $75 and $100 seemed to be the sweet spot for fit, look, quality, and comfort. i was happy to find a few easy-to-recommend budget-friendly picks, too. i didn\u2019t find anything more than $100 that i thought justified the cost. of the 29 shirts, i found eight button-ups\u2014two dress shirts, four oxford button-downs, and two linen shirts\u2014worthy of a second round of testing. to get a range of opinions, i sent them to a panel of writers and editors whose opinions i trust. (i wasn\u2019t part of the panel, since i\u2019d done the initial testing and research.) those testers spent a week with our button-up shirt contenders, and they then reported their findings. dress shirts and oxford shirts differ from one another because dress shirts feel more formal, they\u2019re made of thinner material, and they have stiff, buttonless collars. oxford shirts look more casual, and they\u2019re thicker and often rougher to the touch. and\u2014you guessed it\u2014their collars button down. they\u2019re called oxford shirts because they\u2019re made from oxford cloth, with a durable basket-weave pattern. many consider it a badge of honor to wear an oxford for so long that the collar and sleeves begin to fray. dress shirts, on the other hand, should never look anything but crisp and new. though many people tend to use the terms button-up and button-down interchangeably, a button-down shirt refers to shirts with collars that button down at the corners, typically oxford shirts. as such, dress shirts are not technically button-downs, though both dress shirts and oxfords are button-ups (meaning they fasten at the center with buttons). in this guide, we also recommend a linen shirt that has a distinctly airy look and feel, compared with shirts in the other two categories covered here. but it is also, in fact, a button-down because its collar is secured by buttons. every button-up shirt will eventually reach the end of its lifetime in your closet, but the better you take care of it, the longer it will last. we recommend wearing an undershirt, to prevent pit stains and excessive wear. you can also elongate a shirt\u2019s life by washing in cold water and ironing on low heat (when necessary). if the button-up shirt is still in good condition but no longer your style, we recommend selling or donating it. there are online sites where you can sell second-hand clothing, like thredup, poshmark, and ebay. if you aren\u2019t concerned about making any money back, give back box is a vendor service that gives to retailers and charities to help those in need\u2014though items generally have to be in excellent condition. and to cut down on shipping impacts, you can check the location of local thrift shops in your area, on sites like greendrop. if your button-up shirt is worn out, you can textile recycle it, a process by which old clothes are recovered for reuse. a group called smart (secondary materials and recycled textiles) offers a ton of information about how and where to recycle your clothes. when all else fails, turn your button-up shirt into a paint smock, or upcycle it in other fun ways. if you\u2019re looking for an exceptionally soft dress shirt, i love the banana republic slim-fit non-iron dress shirt. it has an unusually cut collar that\u2019s flatter, wider, and less pointed than those on the shirts we recommend above. the shirt\u2019s availability went in and out of stock as i wrote and reported this guide; otherwise, it\u2019s a great shirt if you can find it. if you\u2019re looking for a sportier dress shirt, the club monaco stretch poplin dress shirt looks sharp and streamlined, but it isn\u2019t as soft or comfortable as the bonobos shirt we recommend. like the bonobos, this one is extremely light-feeling. i noticed a ton of wrinkles, though. so get the stretch poplin shirt only if you\u2019re handy with an iron, committed to dry cleaning, or unconcerned with a few creases. for a slimmer oxford shirt, the club monaco long sleeve oxford shirt is a great, narrow-fitting option that comes in solid and striped varieties. it fit me notably well. but friends who wore it didn\u2019t agree and found it to be ill fitting. i didn\u2019t move it on to panel testing. the kamakura tokyo slim fit is a really special oxford shirt, with clean construction and beautifully tight stitching. two significant issues stood out, though. first, i had trouble buttoning\u2014so much so that i thought i was doing something wrong. second, the stock and sizing are both extremely limited. kamakura shirts are made in japan. so if a shirt you order from this company doesn\u2019t fit, you\u2019ll have to return it to japan. (we tested the kamakura new york slim fit in the dress-shirt category, too, and we encountered these same perks and issues.). if you don\u2019t mind a more-transparent linen shirt, try the j.crew baird mcnutt irish linen shirt. like the club monaco slim linen shirt, the j.crew isn\u2019t itchy, and it is a pleasure to wear. it\u2019s a touch see-through, though, which is less of a dealbreaker if you\u2019re wearing it while on vacation. the h&m slim fit coolmax shirt was so synthetic that i found it distracting. the thin polyester/cotton blend was reminiscent of my elementary school uniform (and not in a good way). it was also tight around the neck and difficult to button. i dismissed the uniqlo men super non-iron slim-fit long-sleeve shirt because its stock was too spotty. but when i did get my hands on one that fit, it was pleasantly unstarchy. however, the wide collar is unusual. the bonobos washed button-down shirt (which also comes in extended sizes) is lighter and looser-feeling than the other dress shirts. i wouldn\u2019t wear it in a formal or even business-casual setting. the j.crew bowery wrinkle-free stretch cotton shirt was pretty big and lumpy, at least on me. j.crew\u2019s website describes it as being \u201cmore casual than your dressiest shirt,\u201d but it looks too frumpy to compete in this category. some may love the pleating along the wrists of the brooks brothers stretch madison relaxed-fit dress shirt, but i find the look too stylized to appeal to a wide audience (and i personally don\u2019t like it). securing the top button is also tricky\u2014a particularly claustrophobic feeling. the untuckit wrinkle-free las cases shirt\u2019s (no longer available) wide shoulders looked silly on me, falling way below their natural slope, even after i followed untuckit\u2019s instructions to find my \u201ccorrect\u201d size. the dark blue threading along the wrist-and-arm buttonholes is eye-catching\u2014maybe too much so. and although the untuckit is well constructed, the cotton fabric feels scratchy, which is unfortunate for a shirt that\u2019s around $100. our panel testers didn\u2019t like the brooks brothers original polo button-down oxford regent shirt (no longer available), which now appears to be out of stock. \u201cthe fabric is stiff and doesn\u2019t breathe well,\u201d kimber said. the rest of us chimed in with our own varied complaints about texture and blousy-ness. a pass\u2014especially for the price. the banana republic untucked standard-fit cotton oxford shirt\u2019s thin-feeling fabric is actually lovely. but there were a number of stray threads on the shirt i received, and the button holes were especially tight. airy fabric plus tricky buttons: a frustrating combo nobody needs. if it weren\u2019t for the pocket strangely centered on the chest, the bonobos stretch oxford shirt could be a good-looking option. unfortunately, it feels starchy and uncomfortable, too, with inaccessibly tight buttonholes. i found the alex mill mill shirt in garment dyed oxford\u2019s long sleeves oddly short. in one of my earliest tests, i measured the skin peeking from the sleeve with my arm outstretched. most shirts revealed about 2 inches. the alex mill? a whopping 4. the h&m regular fit linen shirt (no longer available) is fairly well constructed, but it crinkles heavily in the back. it\u2019s also pretty itchy, similar to many of the less-successful linen shirts i tested. like the h&m regular fit linen shirt, the abercrombie & fitch linen button-up shirt is super-rumpled to start, with lots of loose threads along the seams. even worse, the stitching looks uneven\u2014bent and wrinkled\u2014and the weave is quite transparent, so you\u2019ll probably need an undershirt. the banana republic untucked slim-fit linen-cotton shirt (no longer available) looks and feels very basic and borderline crude. (for example, there\u2019s a banana republic logo on a floppy tag on the bottom of the front of the shirt.) i also found the buttons painstaking to unbutton. the brooks brothers regent regular-fit sport shirt in irish linen is too expensive to feel this coarse, imho. points for expert stitching, demerits for the dreaded tight buttons. i really think the untuckit wrinkle-resistant linen crianza shirt (no longer available) is corny-looking (along with untuckit\u2019s dress-shirt offering). it sits a little too high on the waist, runs a little too long in the arms, and hugs the neck too tightly. although the shirt feels well made, the large, meant to match my dimensions perfectly, was way too big. and despite being one of the most expensive linen shirts we brought in to test, it wasn\u2019t soft. this article was edited by hannah morrill and jennifer hunter. justin krajeski is a former staff writer reporting on everyday carry at wirecutter. he previously wrote about tech at wirecutter. he carries things every day. he\u2019s very well versed in carrying. after testing 30 rain jackets and raincoats, we found six we liked in a range of sizes, lengths, and styles to keep you dry. these shoes, shirts, and accessories were the most-purchased wirecutter clothing picks in 2022. these are the basic wardrobe elements\u2014tee, pants, shorts, jacket, socks, and underwear\u2014that keep our traveler comfortable regardless of his destination. whether you dress them up or wear them out, great jeans are a sartorial mvp. we found seven high-quality pairs that fit well and look great. wirecutter is the product recommendation service from the new york times. our journalists combine independent research with (occasionally) over-the-top testing so you can make quick and confident buying decisions. whether it\u2019s finding great products or discovering helpful advice, we\u2019ll help you get it right (the first time). \u00a9 2023 wirecutter, inc., a new york times company. just because temperatures swell to nearly unbearable levels doesn\u2019t mean your style has to go out the window entirely. even retreating to a coastal getaway (or the nearest body of water) is a chance to put your best foot forward, which is where the best short-sleeve button ups can add style and substance to your summer. what makes a great short-sleeve button up? for starters, look for the right fabric: it\u2019s got to be soft, breezy and comfortable. fit makes a big difference, too: aim for a middle ground between \u201csuper relaxed\u201d and \u201coverly tight\u201d (as you\u2019ll soon see). there\u2019s something out there for everyone, and at every price point. and above all else: have some fun with color and pattern. it\u2019s summer, after all, and a choice short-sleeve button up will have you enjoying every minute of it. declaring a shirt the \u201cbest button up to buy now\u201d carries with it some lofty importance, does it not? when looking for the best overall button down shirt for summer, we scoped out both fabric\u2013not too breezy or light, not too stuffy\u2013plus a unique pattern or color option for a bit of summer fun. fit was also key\u2013look for a brand that leans modern and provides room to move. and if you can snag all this at the right price, we say go for it. the taylor stitch hawthorne shirt, in our humble opinion, is the best of the best, with textured organic cotton woven for sustainability and laid-back style. the dark colorway and striped design is flattering on multiple body types, and sizing up to xxl provides something for everyone\u2013all for an agreeable sub-$130 price. several style options are available. as we say time and again at werd, buying on a budget doesn\u2019t have to mean skimping on style or quality. the best brands, after all, know how to blend both, and that\u2019s why we looked at both fabric quality, plus fit and style, all rolled into one. be gone, baggy shirts, and instead, let\u2019s look for a nice-fitting option for a low price, the kind you can wear with chino shorts. l.l. bean has been providing reliable, affordable basics since well before the dawn of the modern menswear era as we know it, never straying too far from the classics. seersucker\u2019s puckered design allows air to pass more easily through the fabric, while the light blue color simply screams summer. of course, the $45 price tag is a nice steal, too. if you\u2019ve been saving for a summer vacation and a summer wardrobe upgrade at the same time, why not have a little fun with it? we looked for luxe fabrics, style that\u2019s a bit classic but also just ever-so-slightly premium and eye-catching, not to mention the right blend of a sort of \u201cdevil-may-care\u201d style that tends to go so well with a beachside cocktail hour. mr. porter\u2019s mr. p line is more affordable than some of the luxury designers the store stocks, but still a splurge. this shirt-cardigan hybrid is apt for wearing on cooler summer nights, but looks just as nice unbuttoned over a t-shirt for a more easygoing look. western shirts are quite popular right now, calling to mind the dusty towns and fading sunsets\u2013and perhaps a rugged, old-school sensibility, too. the western shirt is both throwback-oriented and yet fun, modern and ready to throw on at a moment\u2019s notice to grab a miller high life. make sure this embroidered howler brothers option is close at hand. some short-sleeve buttondowns are geared more towards pleasure, and others more lean towards performance. this kuhl shirt does a bit of both, with a clean look that\u2019s optimal for happy hour beers and yet ready to handle the demands of a day hike\u2013the key is the stretchy poly-spandex blend for go-anywhere reliability. plus, the dusty olive colorway pairs up with everything from light wash jeans to tan chino shorts. todd snyder draws from all over the globe to deliver suitably stylish, seriously cool menswear collections, and the american designer knows how to do effortless fashion the right way. take this japanese cotton shirt with summer-friendly stripes, the kind you can wear for long, lazy days by the pool\u2013and long nights sipping cold cocktails at a tiki bar. is it worth that investment, then? we say: absolutely. if we\u2019ve said it before at werd, well, allow us to say it again: finding pieces you can team up with your favorite bonobos chinos is kind of like taking most of the work out of getting dressed. this short-sleeve stretch shirt was made to do just that: look great with the rest of your summer staples. it\u2019s offered in 47 different styles, and the price is quite nice, too. at times, you just want one of the best short-sleeve button ups to check all the right boxes\u2013a solid color, a comfortable amount of stretch, a streamlined fit. 7 diamonds, as sold through nordstrom, does all of that and then some. colors like black go with just about anything in your wardrobe, too. you can even rock this under a blazer, thanks to the polished collar design. from the bright (but not overly loud!) color scheme to the goes-with-anything navy backdrop, this j.crew shirt is a surefire summer style winner\u2013and it\u2019s also available in shades like a timeless black, too. the camp collar design is a nod to styles of the \u201850s and \u201860s, yet also wears plenty well today, and the hemp-cotton blend is sustainable, to boot. touted as a favorite of the beach-seeking, internet-shopping crowd, duvin design blurs the line between the fashionable and the classic \u2013 take this simple black button up short-sleeve shirt, for instance. although you can certainly go more bold with duvin\u2019s designs, the camp-collar design and contrast sleeves (simply roll \u2018em up to show off those guns) are steady style moves on the beach or the boardwalk. the fit is relaxed, but not overly so\u2013size down if you fancy something more snug. facebook\n\n\n\nshare\n\n\n\n\ntwitter\n\n\n\ntweet\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\npin\n\n\n\n\n\nflip. get the best gear, latest gadgets, menswear recommendations, new books & deals sent to your inbox. keep up on the latest gear and deals. do us a favor. take a quick look through your closet/dressers and tell us how long it takes for you to spot a button down shirt. it was less than five minutes right? well that should come as no surprise seeing as though button down shirts are a closet staple. versatile and suitable for all seasons, button down shirts can be worn both casually and semi-formally (maybe even formally in some cases) for many different events such as day-to-day errands and the office. if you are here, it\u2019s likely that you are looking for some button down shirts to add to your shopping lists. today we\u2019ll be taking a look at the best button-down shirts for men, but before we do, let\u2019s quickly talk about what you should look for before purchasing. related: 20 stylish trench coats for men to elevate your wardrobe in 2023. simple. we went with shirts we felt were the best in terms of comfortable fit and sizing options, and the quality of not just the shirt but the buttons were also a major factor. having buttons fall off of your clothing is always a major annoyance, so shirts with sturdy buttons was something that was important to us for this roundup. we also took into consideration the fabric of the shirts and the ease of washing. while there are certainly items in your closet that are worth a trip to the cleaners, button down shirts are meant to be worn a little more frequently than let\u2019s just say a suit, so we tried to keep our selections to ones that were easy washes. this is also where the sturdy buttons come back into play because if the buttons on your shirt aren\u2019t secure enough, they can and almost certainly will fall off when washing. and lastly, the price. the question of what you are willing to spend is one that needs to be addressed with every clothing purchase. only you can determine this. that said, we tried to include a decent variety from a price standpoint. sidenote: we\u2019ll also be including shirts that are \u201ctechnically\u201d classified as button-down along with button front shirts as well to give you plenty of options. check out our selections below. best casual shirt - j. crew classic chambray shirt. best athletic shirt - banana republic athletic-fit dress shirt. best technical shirt - bonobos tech button down shirt. best flannel - everlane brushed flannel shirt. best oxford - l.l. bean classic oxford shirt. best short sleeve shirt - dickie\u2019s short sleeve work shirt. best traveler shirt - jos. a. bank traditional fit button down. best deal - vineyard vines gingham shirt. most variety - levi\u2019s button down classic. best summer selection - banana republic castelletto linen shirt. most colorful - atlanl men\u2019s 70 leisure vintage shirt. best polo option - brooks brothers polo button down. best oxford -nautica men\u2019s classic fit. best featherweight shirt - ralph lauren men\u2019s featherweight mesh. best variety - uniqlo men\u2019s long sleeve shirt. most affordable price - gap factory poplin shirt. most versatile - abercrombie & fitch men\u2019s textural button-through sweater. best for everyday wear - old navy regular-fit everyday shirt. best white shirt - h&m slim fit white shirt. best fabric - luca faloni capri blue portofino linen shirt. best natural style - claudio milano button down shirt. top luxury option - thom browne white oxford. best shirt for mobility - lululemon commission long sleeve shirt. best for golfing - rhoback the birdie. best linen shirt - alex crane playa shirt. most tried and true - fred perry oxford shirt. j. crew\u2019s classic chambray shirt is a timeless style with a fit and color that can be paired with a wide range of items in your classic. not only is the chambray a great shirt for the upcoming spring season due to the lightweight cotton material and color, it\u2019s also a good transition piece that will take you into the fall. banana republic always comes through with their men\u2019s selection, one of which includes their athletic-fit dress shirt which is perfect for the office, or going to formal/semi-formal events such as weddings, companies parties, and dinner dates. bonobos is giving you the chance to get a really good button down shirt for an even better price as their men\u2019s tech button down shirt is currently being offered at 50% off. the athletic fit of the shirt gives you added room at the chest, shoulders, and biceps along with a taper through the torso to accentuate the natural v-shape that comes when hitting the gym. you can also opt for the slim fit, which is fitted in the chest and shoulders with a slight taper at the waist. with the option to choose from either a heather navy or heathered thyme color, everlane\u2019s brushed flannel is durable, warm, and made for supreme comfort. l.l. bean has some good selection of oxford/button-down shirts including their classic oxford which is tried and true to their classic tailoring and meticulous construction details, and crafted to have a relaxed fit. additionally, the shirt is wrinkle-free, meaning that you will never have to iron it which is always an added bonus because we all know ironing takes work. not sure why, but for some reason we\u2019re naturally conditioned to associate button-down shirts with being long sleeved. while it probably is the most common selection, button-down/button up shirts can very well be short sleeved too. one of our favorites is dickie\u2019s short sleeve work shirt which comes with more than plenty colors and sizes to choose from. looking for a shirt that can take you directly from the airport into your company meeting? look no further than jos. a. bank\u2019s traditional fit traveler button down shirt which is wrinkle-free and will have you looking your best all day long. a little vintage 1950s looking shirt to throw in your direction for the old school lovers. levi\u2019s is another place to cop some solid button-down shirts for more than reasonable prices, and the cool thing is that just about everyone has a levi\u2019s at their local mall, which could allow you the ability to see and test their shirts in-person before buying. another banana republic selection to help get you prepped for the summer. their castelletto linen shirt comes in four different colors (dark olive green, navy, tan, and white), and is 100% linen, meaning that you will stay cool even amongst heat and humidity. and since we went with the vintage 1950s shirt earlier, how about we throw in this 70s-inspired vintage shirt from atlanl for your upcoming summer vacations and adventures? the button-down polo was quite literally invented by brooks brothers in 1900 (which was then known as the oxford cloth button down), so it\u2019s safe to say nobody does it better. an enhanced modern version of the original, the brooks brothers polo will have you looking sharp this season. whether it\u2019s the light french blue that catches your eye or the dreamy coral, nautica\u2019s classic fit oxford gives you comfort and keeps its shape all day. believe us when we say that you will never go wrong with ralph lauren. a purchase from them is one that will last you a lifetime, and their featherweight mesh is one of the best. uniqlo is a brand that is always going to give you variety. their non-iron long sleeve shirt comes in three different colors (white, black, and light blue), and is a smooth pin-point oxford designed to give you a sophisticated look. made to be worn both tucked and untucked, there\u2019s no going wrong with gap factory\u2019s stretch poplin shirt. give us a button-down short sleeve shirt but make it a sweater please. thanks. a nice button-down shirt for casual everyday wear that comes in four different colors (tomato juice, forest shade, blue stripe, and sand stripe), and is highly rated. whether you are attending a wedding or an office event, h&m has you covered with their slim fit white shirt. just don\u2019t get anything on it. nothing worse than a stained white shirt. made in italy, luca falon\u2019s capri blue portofino linen shirt is specialty crafted by skilled artisans in bergamo and brescia, and is perfect for both casual and evening wear. claudio milano is a good choice as well when it comes to button down shirts that blend together fashion and comfort. no button-down roundup is complete without thom browne who is one of the best in the game. complete with four-way stretch fabric, lululemon\u2019s commission long sleeve will allow you to breeze through your day in comfort and style. golf and button down short sleeve shirts go hand-in-hand. if you plan on hitting the course this summer and are in need of a new shirt, be sure to check out the birdie, which is the ultimate performance polo. the playa shirt is one that will have you feeling like a playa this summer for sure. with ten-plus colors and a range of sizes, you will almost certainly be able to find something that is just right for you. if you want to hear a bit more about alex crane, click here. and lastly, fred perry for the win. make sure to keep up with us for more style related content and updates. if the only short sleeve shirt in your\u00a0wardrobe is a flowery number from a fancy dress party, then it's time to step up your game. of course, there's nothing wrong with a colorful hawaiin number, but there are\u00a0countless other\u00a0looks that you can achieve with a short sleeve shirt than just\u00a0leonardo dicaprio in romeo + juliet (1996). there's a long list of styles to choose from:\u00a0goodfellas-style\u00a0knit shirts, pocket-filled workwear shirts, bowling shirts, simple striped shirts, oversized shirts... it goes on. and, of course, in the height of the summer throwing on any of these options on with a pair of shorts is all\u00a0that's\u00a0needed for the day but for spring, it isn't quite that easy. when dealing with weather that is unable to make up its mind, it goes without saying that you'll want something with more thick material than some of the styles you've been rocking by the beach. throwing a t-shirt or a tank top\u00a0underneath is also advised, as is seen done above by michael b. jordan and joe jonas \u2014\u00a0an\u00a0underrated style icon. also advised is\u00a0a bit of layering,\u00a0an act that makes spring the season when you can really start dressing down. nobody has quite managed to master the art of layering with a short-sleeved shirt like\u00a0tyler, the creator. just like when it comes to wearing loafers or\u00a0shorts,\u00a0he is the g.o.a.t in my eyes. if you're as obsessed with his style as i am, then you will know he has a few favorite\u00a0designs that he rotates between \u2014 there's the slightly cropped sunflower yellow one with a raw hem, the leopard print golf wang shirt, and a blue hawaiian design. by pairing these with spring essentials such as\u00a0a chore coat, a cardigan, or a classic cap, he has proven that short-sleeved shirts\u00a0needn't be relegated to the back of the wardrobe after every heatwave. earlier this year, tyler even became the only person (to my knowledge) to make a hawaiian shirt and blazer combination look good. to make short-sleeved shirts work for spring and beyond,\u00a0we have picked\u00a0our personal favorites. from\u00a0dries van noten\u00a0to brain dead, shop for the best short-sleeved shirts on the market below. with every drop, carne bollente manages to level up its seasonal collections with one-of-a-kind garments. this linen blend shirt with printed spring motifs is essential for quick getaways but works for dressing up when it counts. when considering a statement shirt, anything from dries' catalog is sure to catch people's attention. this short-sleeved shirt features an all-over floral print that exudes luxury in the best way possible. gentle happiness lace shirt. like dries, agr is quickly solidifying itself as one the best pattern makers out amongst other contemporary brands. constructed from uniquely dyed cotton lace, this vibrant shirt is a great way to head into spring. prairie willow short-sleeve shirt. bode's knack for revitalizing classic americana designs is on full display with this short-sleeved linen shirt. cut in a boxy fit and finished with a chest pocket, this lightweight option is a quick way to spice up your wardrobe. bonsai carefully blends streetwear with its italian roots to bring you garments like the keyhole shirt above. though it's a bit early to bear it all, this comfy viscose-blend shirt has warm weather written all over it. shore shirt star block print. for those in search of short-sleeves with a personalized touch, story mfg.'s option shouldn't be slept on. this star-studded shirt features embroidered details and naturally dyed block prints all done by hand. the cassi silhouette remains a staple in dries' collections due to its versatility and the belgian designer's innovative prints. you could opt for a more a laidback style, but if you're dressing to impress and truly stand out this spring or summer, look no further. caban leopard-print silk shirt. you either feel one of two ways about animal prints and if you're in the camp that loves them, then it doesn't get much better than this. leomis world shortsleeve shirt. if anyone is able to work out what is happening on the print in this shirt, please comment down below. camp-collar printed woven shirt. as the horror movie buffs will have already noticed, this print\u00a0riffs on the 1968 movie\u00a0night of the living dead \u2014\u00a0hence why it's so spooky looking. rayon short-sleeve shirt. kicking things off with a classic style, this shirt comes in an oversized, boxy fit which\u00a0not only makes for a relaxed look but also makes it perfect for layering over a long-sleeve t-shirt when\u00a0the weather gets cold. paula's ibiza shell print bowling shirt. looking at\u00a0the beach-themed print on this shirt you probably think it's exclusively for the summer, but if you take tyler, the creator's styling advice then it'll work perfectly with a blazer in the colder seasons. embroidered vacation shirt. diomene by damir doma. a brand new label spearheaded by industry veteran damir doma, diomene focuses on craftsmanship and timeless styles. the intricate embroidery on this shirt is a work of art but, unfortunately, it doesn't come cheap.\n\nwant to keep browsing? head to the\u00a0highsnobiety shop\u00a0for more products that we love. highsnobiety has affiliate marketing partnerships, which means we may receive a commission from your purchase. titelmedia (highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability \n      of its website, www.highsnobiety.com. titelmedia strives to ensure that its website services and content are accessible \n      to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. to accomplish this, titelmedia has engaged \n      usablenet inc, a leading web accessibility consultant to help test, remediate and maintain our website in-line with \n      the web content accessibility guidelines (wcag), which also bring the website into conformance with the americans \n      with disabilities act of 1990. please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. while we strive\n      to make the website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as\n      the range of assistive technology is wide and varied. if, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage\n      on this website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. if you do encounter an\n      accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call,\n      and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you. short sleeves; summer casual look; different styles/colors. customer reviews, including product star ratings help customers to learn more about the product and decide whether it is the right product for them. to calculate the overall star rating and percentage breakdown by star, we don\u2019t use a simple average. instead, our system considers things like how recent a review is and if the reviewer bought the item on amazon. it also analyzed reviews to verify trustworthiness. the [vuori button downs](https://vuoriclothing.com/products/short-sleeve-bridge-button-down-light-cloud-daggers?queryid=a40d48b3a6338ef1626ab1bb812b4d51&index=us_products&objectid=6668394561639) might fit your needs. we all have different body chemistry, but my own solution for hot/humid climates (e.g. thailand) is to wear cotton and launder often.merino (which i wear regularly at home) is much too hot for thailand, and synthetics are both too hot and too stinky.last but not least, you should be able to find affordable and weather-appropriate shirts at your destination. you don't need to pay top dollar for some premium western brand. i just bought one of the vuori button ups this week.  i took it out of the washer and hung it up in the laundry room.  i checked back five hours later and it was dry.  i also bought one each of the two polo shirts.  each of them was dry too. not a specific shirt recommendation, but try finding something blended with hemp or linen, they\u2019ll be the best to keep you cool. often carried by outdoors companies like ll bean, patagonia, outdoor research etc. could be worth a shot. not merino, but [true classic tees](https://trueclassictees.com/) have 65/35 cotton-poly tshirts. i swear by the comfort and doesnt fit like a normal tee. check em out wool and prince trew for pocket tees my favorite v-neck is from unbound. it isn't cut low like the w&p one. woolly also has a nice v-neck. can't do a crew neck so i've tried a few of the different brands with vs. haven't seen any that also have a pocket. woolx has a nice short sleeve button down. i have way too many thoughts on \"one shirt\" so i'll stick to this bit:> i have had the hardest time finding a good button down, and finding a slim fit merino tshirt that also has a pocket/v-neck.wool & prince for all of these. they have highly regarded (long sleeve) button downs and t-shirts with and without v-necks and pockets. the t-shirts options are 100% merino but also, my favourite, their 78/22 tee which is a merino/nylon blend. the sell on the 78/22 is that the nylon adds strength and durability that sometimes 100% merino can lack. also different weights/gsm options + they're doing merino/linen blends which i imagine would be great in heat.western rise have a line called 'strongcore' that is a similar merino/nylon blend which i imagine is also good as i have good experience with the brand (in fact, they produce a 50/50 merino/poly long sleeve button down that might be of interest, called limitless).other options for merino tees would be icebreaker and seadon's traveler shirt. seagale if you're in europe.you specified short sleeve button downs and i can't think of a brand that makes merino versions, but for synthetic lululemon has a few different ones which will generally be polyester heavy. arc'teryx also produce a short-sleeve button down which is 100% poly and technical looking. love my icebreaker anatomica v-neck. no pocket. snug fit and held up better to wear and tear than other merino i\u2019ve had. i'm a big bonobos shirt guy as well (looking to cop that hot pepper shirt) and i've found for a similar patterns that i like from allsaints, bugatchi (if you don't mind spending a little extra), or gitman vintage (really fucking expensive) jcrew has some nice patterns this summer for short sleeves and they're cheaper + on sale . at the prices of some of those bonobos shirts, i'd just look at gitman vintage. nice, unique patterns and better quality. look into some camp collar shirts, they seem to be a hit this year more so than other years nordstrom rack app, asos, urban outfitters, etsy vintage shops.  check out zara, i recently bought a shirt similar to the last one you linked. [right here](https://m.zara.com/ca/en/-p06103411.html?v1=5550096&v2=715532), the navy blue colour.      i like club monaco for patterned shirts and they get pretty cheap on sale club monaco has nice patterns too. they're all good on the right sale. personally, i am more of a fan of the short sleeved button ups with little or no design. http://reductress.com/post/i-thought-i-was-totally-straight-then-i-discovered-funky-patterned-short-sleeve-button-ups/yeah this article really nails it. op why not get a long sleeve that won't make you look like a teen boy or a spunky lesbian  jcrew, brooks brothers, gitman vintage, wolf v goat, ami, our legacy, engineered garments [saturdays surf](https://www.saturdaysnyc.com/category/wovenshirts) has sum cool ones, and so does ervell - alternately, i bought a cool one recently at target, so. look around.**edit:** not sure why i always get downvoted for saying so, but i really did buy a cool ss button down @ target. [eat a dick](http://www.target.com/p/men-s-short-sleeve-linen-popover-shirt-chambray-merona/-/a-50807399) bonobos has great pattern shirts  topman h&m and gap for some cheaper alternatives [corridor nyc](https://corridornyc.com), battenwear, jcrew, eg billy reid7 diamondstopman i got my favorite from springfield. original penguin, jcrew. do not pay full price. there are frequent 30-40% off sales instead of telling op he shouldn't wear them, give him good recommendations for ones that fit well and look good. i'm pretty interested in this thread myself since i know it's hard to find short sleeve button downs that actually work style-wise.i don't have any recommendations, though, because i'm new to them myself. i personally think these look amazing [link](http://www.riverisland.com/men/shirts/short-sleeve-shirts/navy-blue-short-sleeve-oxford-shirt--268394) seersucker is a good material for warm weather.  despite what other posters have said, it is possible to look good in a short sleeve shirt. the key for a shirt like this is either small pattern or no pattern, a decent physique (read: not obese), a good fit, and a dash of confidence.if you're looking for something along the more \"trendy\" line, i got [the sold out one](http://www.uniqlo.com/us/store/lifewear/men-printed-short-sleeve-shirt/077070-16-005?ref=mens-clothing%2fmens-tops%2fmens-casual-shirts) in a brick-and-mortar 'qlo in shanghai last week. i'm 6'3, 160ish with more weight in my legs; a medium was very, very tight while a large fits pretty well (might do a tiny bit of slimming). if you go to the men's casual shirt section, there's lots of other patterns.for me, this is different from their ocbd's - the above shirt in l fits me like their slim-fit ocbd in m.will post a fit later. http://www.imgur.com/jqwmq03.jpeghere's one of mine.imo i think it fits pretty well. if i say the brand i'm pretty sure i'll cause mfa to explode my friend recently bought [this] (http://oldnavy.gap.com/browse/product.do?cid=78232&vid=1&pid=385967052) in a medium and it looks great, i actually almost bought it the week before. [this one] (http://oldnavy.gap.com/browse/product.do?cid=78232&vid=1&pid=385967042) is alright too. you can wear linen long sleeve shirts which are made of a material that keeps you cool.uniqlo has some short sleeve button ups and linen shirts. you can always compromise and get a long sleeve shirt, but roll it up. make sure the material is light and breathable, preferably synthetics or a lightweight cotton, and you can stylishly cool off a long sleeved dress shirt by leaving it unbuttoned all the way or the first two, sticking with white is an excellent color for this stuff, even if you wore a short sleeved shirt that is majority black, it will feel hot under your color simply because of the color.but if you're set on a short sleeve button up, make sure you follow it up with good shorts and boat shoes. i've never personally been comfortable wearing short sleeve button ups with anything other than khaki shorts just because of the way short sleeves work in an outfit my most recent outfit with a short sleeved shirt.  what do you guys think?  i am a bigger guy... so yes that is my beer gut.  :)  lost 15 pounds in the last month though!http://i.imgur.com/alktkai.jpg american apparel makes (relatively) cheap ones that fit well, in my opinion. if you're willing to spend a bit more, gitman vintage and engineered garments are my favorite, though they can be a bit hard to find. continuing spring/summer content. the following are made/in the works:* short sleeve print shirts (done)* camp collar shirts* breton stripe shirts* chambray shirts* denim shirts* chino shorts* pleated shorts* patagonia baggies* white pants* navy chore coats* espadrilles* new balance sneakers* converse (done)* sandalsplease feel free to suggest what you would like to see. **mfa wearing short sleeve button up shirts**short sleeve button up shirts but exclusively print. saving short sleeve solid color/striped for a future album. i also am lazy so everything after this is just copy paste from last summer's [mfa wearing print shirts (album + discussion)](https://imgur.com/a/tpcogvv) - [post](https://old.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/c9gg3t/mfa_wearing_print_shirts_album_discussion/). **how do you wear print shirts?**put your arm through each arm hole. this album is full of things from standard long sleeve print shirts to short sleeve camp collar shirts. you might consider print shirts as the the summer shirt as its bolder and stands out on its own with no need to layer. it can add visual interesti tried to limit the album to the more spring/summer appropriate ones but that wasn't a strict rule. **what are mfa's favorite print shirts?**everything from hm through to our legacy.for buying recommendations:[your favorite ___ for $___:camp collar / cuban collar / \"hawaiian\" shirts](https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/8juzbd/your_favorite_for_camp_collar_cuban_collar/)**all of these outfits start to look the same**that is a completely fair point. as i said a lot of this is iterations of similar things. this album is derived from the top of albums and most upvoted outfits so this is more indicative of what mfa was wearing and what was liked.**\"my favorite print shirt inspiration did not make it into the album\"**please feel free on posting it below, not everything made it into the album and these pictures are specifically from mfa posters, or i just missed it. show people what you like and how you like it!**that sneaker or those things on the dude in picture x are dope, what are they?**to quickly find out what an item of clothing is, try using google image search. it will usually take you to the original listing and most posters will list the items worn and/or you can pm wearer and ask them to tell you what they are wearing.**other**[the best prints of the season](https://dieworkwear.com/post/184262168279/the-best-prints-of-the-season) - inspo and buying recommendations [the best printed shirts of the season](https://dieworkwear.com/post/174034157089/the-best-printed-shirts-of-the-season) - inspo and buying recommendations **closing notes**if anyone would like me to remove them from the album just shoot me a message and i would be happy to do so. finally something people in the south can wear.  it may not be the trendiest thing, but know what else isn't trendy?  sweating like a pig.  don't get me wrong.  i like a lot of the looks on here, but as a somewhat heavier person living in the south, there is no way to wear it comfortably 7 months out of the year. where do you recommend finding shirts like [this one?](https://i.imgur.com/otyjvtw.png)i usually avoid short sleeve button-up's because all the ones i see on j crew or banana republic are graphic or floral prints, which i don't love the look of on me. but some of these more simple designs that aren't just one solid color are really interesting to me whenever i see them, however it's always on shitty targeted ads on instagram for places like zaful. i love short-sleeve button-downs but print shirts were never my thing, even when they were en vogue a couple of years back. it felt too trendy even then.linen, madras, or seersucker are great options. i don't like most of the stuff, but [this](https://i.imgur.com/pzv794o.jpg) fit really does it for me. i can't name what about it stands out, chelseas and a floral shirt isn't some arcane combination no one ever does but wow does this one look unexplainably great. it's the not-skin-tight pants maybe? really looking forward to wearing my ~~ill-fitting~~ loose-fit solid orange uniqlo camp collar this summer. prints are hit or miss for me. i'm not tall so any horizontal patterns just makes me look wide. finding fitted florals that compliment my body are pretty rough it\u2019s a clean look, but it feels very generic now and like something from 2016.  i\u2019m not gonna dawg anyone for rocking this fit if your goal is to just dress nice and clean this is a great go to fit.  if you\u2019re looking for a little more personality in your style and trying to turn heads of folks on the fashion forward side this look probably ain\u2019t the one. i swear this summer i'll try to get over my association that short sleeved button ups are for mischievous little children with buzz cuts who run around screaming at weddings all day.also mah man doesn't skip leg day. you know which one chubbies, if you\u2019re one of chads zara has some fire shirts tommy bahama at the sawgrass mall has some fire button downs asos just asked this question to my buddy who\u2019s button down t shirts are always on point. got them online and it took less than week to get to me. \u2022 kith\u2022 nikben\u2022 john varvatos ross. marshall\u2019s. tj maxx. amazon target for real, fuckin wal mart, hm, urban hollister!! br and jcrew has some great button downs. i actually prefer polos compared to button downs for summers. if you lift weights, polos really compliments your body. if you are skinny i'd avoid it  uniqlo has some nice ones, just pay extra attention to the fit.  for the price, old navy and target usually have some decent colorful ssbds.  roll up long sleeve shirts. m a g i cagic i ordered these 3sixteen short sleeve shirts: [blue aztec popover](https://standardandstrange.com/collections/3sixteen/products/short-sleeve-popover-shirt-blue-aztec-print) [navy flannel workshirt](https://standardandstrange.com/collections/3sixteen/products/short-sleeve-work-shirt-navy-windowpane-flannel)[navy floral tile](https://standardandstrange.com/collections/3sixteen/products/short-sleeve-shirt-navy-floral-tile)i posted this site because it actually has the measurements but a lot of other websites still have stock in all sizes. the 3sixteen site will be directly selling those shirts in a week or 2 as well.  i don't find many of them around, but any shirt made from rayon or viscose is super comfy, and seems to keep good form  j crew factory's ss buttondowns are pretty consistent - they fit really well.  otherwise urban outfitters' sale section is great, especially when they do additional 50% off.  i've tried american eagle buttondowns but don't like them.otherwise gap probably would treat you well.i'd suggest shying away from asos.  i love their skinny shorts and slim chinos, but i've never tried a shirt on from there i didn't immediately hate.edit:  if you have more coin to spend gitman bros vintage and saturdays surf are legittttttt.   just commenting to second h&m, but their sizing on them is a little odd. they seem to be a bit short for the chest size, so trying them on may be prudent!  h&m! i bought a nice button up shirt from them. people like to complain about their quality but if you're not a moron their clothes will last you a long time  keep an eye out for j crew factory sales. they're priced at $50 but their sales can bring the price down to somewhere in your range. i think asos is great for decent quality short-sleeve buttons downs / ups. plus they have a bunch of interesting / 'trendy' patterns, so it's great to experiment with your style.after asos i'd say jcf, uniqlo, maybe gap. arizona brand short sleeve buttonups at jcp, had a really nice light red chambray one i was thinking about. forever 21 men has some pretty good slim fit shirts.  also, [cotton on](http://us.cottonon.com/shop/men/shirts/#short-sleeve-shirts) has some cool slim styles for pretty darn cheap, sometimes cheaper if you're near one of the stores.   forever 21 has cool ones, but it's not for people trying to look refined. lots of their designs are very loud and more for teenagers/college students. (big ass pineapples on the shirt) but there are some refined striped ones with toned down colors. they're all $20 ish too. quality isn't amazing, but for the price, which is available all the time (don't have to wait for sales) is good. i don't think anyone's mentioned river island, but they're my favorite for short sleeve button downs.  better than hm or urban imo. club monaco has good shirts but they're pretty expensive, $70+. but they do go on sale and you can stack a 20% student discount over that too. might be worth a look in the off season if anything. they can be cool as long as they fit correctly, like [this](http://pics.ae.com/is/image/aeo/0154_8595_410_of?maskuse=off&wid=1119&size=1121,1254&fit=crop&qlt=70,0) instead of [this](https://gs1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/8019b6/data.tumblr.com/diim5gxvvmm1a04pj20yumsmo1_400.jpg).  note that both the body and the sleeves fit slim. i always want to wear them because i live in a very hot country, but i can't help feeling that i look like either a middle manager in des moines or an asian businessman when i wear one.  they're fine man, but be sure it's well cut, specifically check the sleeves and be sure they don't tent out. that said, i'd still opt for a polo on most occasions, as a short sleeve button down will never fit in a formal situation, and well fitting polos are easier to find and they look just as good if not better.  i think both can look good, but i remember reading a thread here on reddit where someone asked what women were thought the most attractive men can wear in the summer. i think about half the comments were filled with women swooning over men wearing button up with rolled up sleeves. i had no idea that women loved forearms that much, but i started wearing rolled up button ups so much more since then. as others have said i think they look fine as long as they fit correctly. that being said i prefer to simply roll long sleeve shirts. i really like the way rolled sleeves look and long-sleeve shirts are simply more versatile than short sleeve button downs. if you are worried about being to warm i recommend adding some linen long-sleeve button downs to your wardrobe. i recently got [this linen cotton shirt](http://www.gap.com/browse/product.do?cid=94155&vid=1&pid=460212012) from gap on sale and have already worn it rolled in nearly 100 degree heat and i was perfectly comfortable. only dexter can pull off the short-sleeve button down. slim fit, high armholes, tight sleeve openings.if you are on the fence, mossimo from target has a nice selection of slim/athletic fit button downs with very slim sleeve openings and high armholes, and they run like $15. try em out, warning, the buttons are sown on poorly :p rolled-up sleeves are both more stylish and more casual. it's a win-win and the comfort is equivalent. it's the rules i live by: never drink through a straw, never wear short sleeves.  living in texas, it's sometimes too hot to wear long sleeves so short sleeves shirts are a great alternative. i usually wear slim fit ones that can be roll up to look well with my semi-athletic build. they're less often used for good than they are for evil---wear long-sleeve ones and roll-up the sleeves. if you have to wear one, proceed with caution and make sure you, and the shirt, are slim. most people prefer long sleeve shirts - they are more versatile as they can be worn in colder weather, but also rolled up in warmer. some people even prefer the rolled up look.i think part of the resent comes from associating short sleeve shirts with adolescents and people who are fashionably clueless - tacky prints and bad fit are the culprits here, not the shorter sleeves in itself. i personally think short sleeve shirts can look great, given that the fit and colors are on point. it also helps to be fit as the shorter sleeves accentuate your arms more. engineer here.  half of the 35-65 crowd here at work wears the kind of terrible, giant armed, polyester short-sleeved button up during the summer that is the reason they are often looked down upon.  [what color stapler should i put with this fit?](http://imgur.com/lff4apy)right fit, proportionately small sleeve, good material, looks good.  you'll see them literally every day in the summer waywt threads. they work just fine. the problem is when they don't fit and they billow everywhere.  it's not an easy piece in the wardrobe. they have to fit incredibly well to look good imo.this is a fit i like with a [short-sleeve](http://i.imgur.com/fzm6fnl.jpg) i'm going to quote myself from a thread that asked [\"can someone please tell me why we hate short sleeve button up shirts?\"](http://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/224cpn/can_someone_please_tell_me_why_we_hate_short/) a few days ago:that seems to be an old, outdated adage from days of mfa past. short sleeve shirts are fine. it depends on the specific shirt, how you dress, context , etc. you can look like it nerdlinger if you wear them like [dwight schrute](http://www.examiner.com/images/blog/replicate/exid3040/images/resized_dwight_schrute_the_office_short_sleeve_dress_shirt.jpg). they don't have to [look like that](http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0068/2162/products/rooney-feb-2014-02-3307_large.jpg?v=1393206131) though. [another example](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzuxe6vsyl1qa5p47o1_500.jpg).i find prints and patterns easier to work with for short sleeve shirts but there's no rule about it or anything. don't think they have to be slim fitting either. baggier short sleeve shirts can look great too given it works with the rest of the fit. there was also that awesome thread about hawaiian shirts which were all short sleeved.  and awesome.to me (someone living in houston) it feels like there are an awful lot of people on this sub who live in the northeast who don't consider that some people might not.  i'm not saying you *have* to wear short sleeves in houston, but i think it's more acceptable in more situations. this has got to be the third or fourth thread i've read on this subject in the past couple of weeks. where are you reading this info? every one i've seen has basically come down to \"it can look good if you keep the sleeves slim\". they can work.  a lot of this sub, i've noticed, is how to look most like mr. rogers"

----------

"we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. and where to buy them at every price point. a great pair of dress shoes isn't just a worthy investment, it's a necessity. sure, sneakers have their place, but there are times when even the best of 'em just won't do. whether it's a wedding or a funeral, a job interview or a meeting with the head honchos from corporate, some occasions demand footwear that's as refined as it is timeless. although it's definitely been a while, the time has come to bust out the sweetest pair of dress shoes in your arsenal again. indeed, there are options out there for every style. and when it comes to price, don't be afraid of laying down a few extra bucks if you're able. that doesn't mean you have to spend outside your budget, but paying more for quality means you'll have a pair of shoes you can wear for years down the line, not months. and the best way to ensure you're spending that money wisely? know the playing field. that way you'll find something that fits squarely within your wardrobe, and won't hurt your wallet in the process. with that in mind, here are the eight definitive dress shoe styles\u2014the oxford, derby, brogue, loafer, chukka, chelsea boot, monk strap, and venetian slipper\u2014every guy needs to know now and always. if you're going to have just one pair of dress shoes in your closet, you should consider an oxford first. it's the style that can go with your most formal options, so you'll never be out of luck for a big work event\u2014or if you have to throw on a tux. that's thanks to the oxford's \"closed-throat\" construction, in which the leather around the laces (the quarters) meets at the base, where it's sewn into the vamp, the leather that stretches down your instep and towards the toe. honestly, though, you don't have to spend too much time on the terminology. just look at the top of the shoe, near the eyelets. does it form a \"v\" instead of a set of parallel lines? you've got an oxford, and that sleek silhouette means your going to look properly pulled-together for any dressed-up occasion. derbies are technically a little less formal than oxfords, but don't let that worry you too much. a good pair can work with just about any kind of suit (though maybe not a tux, if you're going to be surrounded by black-tie traditionalists). plus, the open-throat silhouette\u2014the leather around the laces runs parallel, and over the vamp\u2014can pull double duty with everything from jeans to tweed trousers. if you're the kind of guy who wears a suit with some regularity, but also needs a pair of shoes on hand that'll work for date night on the weekend, derbies won't do you wrong. when we're talking brogues, we're not talking about a silhouette, but the detailing that goes on top of it. the signature perforations were originally a functional thing, designed to let water drain out of the shoes worn to tromp through irish bogs. now, it's ornamental, but still a mainstay of modern dress shoes. you might also know brogues as wingtips, and there's a good reason for that. two of the main styles you'll find have decorative \"wings\" fanning out from the toe of the shoe. with longwings, they wrap all the way around to the back of the shoe. with shortwings, they wrap to about mid-foot. of course, you can also find brogueing on cap-toes and other design elements. and those elements might be on a pair of derbies, oxfords, monkstraps, or even ankle boots. with brogues, it's all a matter of personal taste. for a while there, some folks thought loafers were too casual to wear with a suit. just ask your dad\u2014or maybe your granddad. thankfully, those days are long gone. now, the slip-on style comes in shapes sleek and stylish enough to wear with even your sharpest two-button. penny loafers and bit loafers are the iterations you'll see the most often. on pennies, there's a strap across the shoe with a cutout that, according to loafer lore, was designed to hold a penny (it probably wasn't, though it's still a fun story). bit loafers feature a metal piece across the foot that's purely for show, but still looks cool. chukkas are kind of a wild card. some are decidedly not meant for dressy occasions, and would be more at home at a construction site than in a boardroom. others, though? they're every bit as refined as the rest of the styles on this list. the trick is to focus on a streamlined silhouette and elevated construction. generally, that means the shorter-than-average boots will have a narrower toe and clean lines leading up to an ankle that'll sit nicely under a pair of suit trousers. look for that, plus a not-too-chunky sole, and you'll be in good shape. from queen victoria to mods to daniel craig, the chelsea boot has been worn by the biggest british trendsetters. and though it was popularized by wasps and named after an affluent neighborhood in london, the style has since become one of the most democratic and global shoes out there. it is an ankle-height boot usually made of leather or suede that can be worn in summer or winter, or on-duty or off-duty. the chelsea boot especially looks great with a fitted suit with tapered trousers. think the beatles in the \u201960s. need we say more? not a fan of laces, but still want security? look no further than the monk strap. the shoe is distinguished for either single or double straps (there are a few instances, however, when there are more) that fold over the vamp and are fastened at the ends by buckles. it reputedly originated in europe during the 15th century, worn primarily by monks\u2014hence its name. several centuries later, particularly around the 1920s, the monk strap became the go-to shoe for gentlemen who, owing to history, preferred something reserved and elevated. and though that sentiment still holds true, in recent decades, many brands began to reinvent the style, casting their designs in exotic leathers and bold colors. unlike the penny or the horesbit (see above), the venetian loafer can't really go casual. leisurely, perhaps, but not casual. it is the fanciest shoe around; the kind of style worn while smoking a cuban with a glass of sherry, or to one of those dinners with place cards and an excessive amount of silverware. some versions of the venetian loafer are referred to as smoking or dinner slippers for this very reason. distinguished by an upper\u2014usually made of leather or velvet\u2014that's devoid of all flourishes, it's shoe that shows luxury at its most pure and simple. prop styling by miako katoh. photography by allie holloway. barry samaha is the former style commerce editor at esquire, where he covered all things fashion and grooming. previously, he was an editor at harper\u2019s bazaar, surface, and wwd, along with overseeing editorial content at tod\u2019s group. he has also written for the daily beast, coveteur, departures, paper, bustle group, forbes, and many more. he is based in new york city and can't seem to find enough closet space for all his shoes. avidan grossman is the style ecommerce editor at esquire, covering men\u2019s fashion, shoes, grooming, and accessories. he spends way too much time deciding what to wear. needless to say, his parents still have no idea what he does. these are the right shoes to wear with a tux. shawn mendes's sweater isn't what you'd expect. this week's best menswear releases. five fits with: menswear whisperer chris black. the 27 best summer sandals for men. hollywood's leading men love this percival polo. 15 pairs of great summer pants. the best sites to buy vintage t-shirts. bootcut's back, alright! the best all-black sneakers to buy right now. searching for the best golf style at the masters. the aloha shirt stays winning for summer 2023. a part of hearst digital media. every product was carefully curated by an esquire editor. we may earn a commission from these links. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. from suede loafers to classic wingtips. sometimes, a pair of white sneakers, slip-ons, boat shoes, etc. just won\u2019t fly. we\u2019re, of course, talking about the required footwear for interviews, working in the office, weddings, cocktail parties\u2014any occasion whose dress code is anywhere between business casual and formal: a pair of comfortable dress shoes for men. sure, you might not wear dress shoes every day, but when it comes time to wear them for the aforementioned occasions, there\u2019s no alternative other than putting on the best dress shoes and looking your best in them. therefore, style experts often deem it wise to purchase a pair of men\u2019s dress shoes before you need to wear them: shopping for the most comfortable dress shoes for men now means you can avoid the stress (and blistered heels) that come with panic shopping and breaking in. best chelsea boots | best black sneakers | best leather sneakers | best summer shoes. dress shoes for men don't have to be expensive or complicated or boring, either. it's nice to have a pair of tuxedo shoes and dress boots for more formal affairs, or a pair of loafers and dress sneakers for business casual gigs. below, our picks of the 20 best dress shoes for men will get you ready for any dress-up moments. an oxford is the og dress shoe, with a closed lacing for a streamlined silhouette. if you're looking for a dress shoe that feels like a sneaker, cole haan's dress shoes have you covered. this option has a hyper-cushioned rubber sole so your feet feel supported. urban dwellers can\u2019t just stick with the same pair of old-school dress shoes when having to splash through the dreary, rainy days that lead the change of seasons. keep your fine italian loafers in the closet when inclement weather threatens and go for these solid and waterproof leather wingtips. they still boast loads of polish while offering a tough rubber outsole that absorbs the shock of sprinting through downpours in the concrete jungle. when mixing up your dress shoes, sometimes no laces is the way to go. monk strap shoes are secured by a single strap or a double strap and buckle, like these beckett simonon shoes. they are traditionally less formal than an oxford shoe, but can still be a dressy option for work. the best assortment of dress shoes for anyone's closet includes a pair of derbies that you never have to think twice about. while derbies in general are less formal-looking, these cap-toe model are elevated by a cut than the rest, and can work with any kinds of suiting. the og loafer, bass weejuns has been around since 1936, and its classic penny loafer style still looks great today. their craftsman-like construction can hold up even after years of wear, and at under $160, it provides incredible value. an easy addition to your weekday uniform. if your shoe collection is set with a black and brown pair, you can look to expand what dress shoe actually means to you. getting a sleek pair of boots can work for the right, less formal occasion. chukkas were a staple among world war ii soldiers and 20th-century polo players. now they're a menswear essential since they're durable, easy to slip on, and look great with any business casual outfit. these chukkas look more sleek than rugged, and use the brand\u2019s signature construction to combine sporty comfort with an elegant style. the cushioned moisture-wicking footbed also provides an all-day performance. look no further for the perfect starter dress shoes. bruno marc makes a pair you can wear at your standing desk and never feel pain, while looking absolutely classic and dress-code-appropriate\u2014all under $60. if you need some everyday dress shoes for the office, these are a no-brainer. want something even dressier? these oxfords boast a textured leather upper to ante up your dressy style by a mile and maybe some more. and the spanish shoemaker\u2019s craftsmanship and heritage in hand-painted patinas justify the price point. just because you have to dress up, doesn\u2019t mean you can\u2019t dress easy. take these slip-on shoes from clarks, for instance. their professional facade feels just right with your best office ensemble, or your best business casual chino pants, all while being the easiest to slide into. no dressy appeal is lost here. instead, more shock-absorbing and moisture-wicking comfort is added. venetian loafer is a style you technically shouldn\u2019t dress down with. it\u2019s known for the elegant simplicity of having an upper embellished with nothing but its own flair of velvet or leather. peter millar\u2019s performance take in a supple water-resistant suede looks clean-cut enough for the office, but feels sophisticated enough for some fancy dinners, making the pair one of the most versatile dress shoes you can own. for occasions whose dress code is more relaxing pr up-to-your-own-discretion, dress sneakers can take precedence over loafers, oxfords, or other hardcore dress shoes. cole haan\u2019s star has the dressy, brogue-like perforated upper that you\u2019ve always wanted, but the sneaker sole you\u2019d always prefer to walk in every day. and it\u2019s lined to resist against weather too. look, you can never go wrong with any allen edmond dress shoe, but this cap toe oxford is especially solid because specifically, it\u2019s a pair of brogues\u2014with a multi-piece build, decorative leather upper, serration along the edges, all that. it is a timeless shape that will last you years. a little bit old-school but definitely purposeful and versatile enough for it all. we have a rare breed here\u2014a pair of brogue derbies that\u2019s an absolute stunner. from the classic lace-up to the elegant broguing details to the casual derby form to the supple calf suede, these dress shoes boast a handsome design that speaks for themselves. and they go exceptionally well with any color of suiting\u2014navy, grey, black, anything. chelsea boots are worth slipping on anywhere, any day. but they come alive the most as dress shoes. charles tyrwhitt makes a pair in a traditional heeled profile that still looks modern, in goodyear welt construction that can last for years, then be repaired or resoled for even more. the cap-toe is a sleek, timeless option to have in your dress shoe repertoire. it\u2019s defined by a line of stitching that draws a border between the toe from the rest of the shoe. and this comfortable yet premium pair combines that classic shape with a soft leather upper that gets better with age. at this price, it can last you years and decades, from the most formal events to the most business casual hangouts. plain toes, on the other hand, have no line of stitching that separates the toe from the rest, and as such don a smooth, seamless look throughout, for the men who prefer a clean, minimalist style for dressing up. and the shine in these boss plain-toe oxfords gives the standard silhouette a refined, sleek update. considered to be a staple in every man's shoe wardrobe, lace-up shoes are the cornerstone of dress shoes thanks to their timeless appeal and everyday wearability. plus, these leather wingtip lace-up dress shoes are made with a cushioned footbed and a treaded vibram\u00ae sole that'll ground your every step. here\u2019s a pair of plain-toes you can wear to the office, the mall, the bar, the vacation, the dinner\u2014anything where but the gym or your own home. we\u2019re not saying this just because of its balanced dressy-casual appeal. its waterproof build, breathability, arch support, and all-day comfort cement it as the dress shoes you can walk anywhere in. because dress shoes are such a timeless concept, it only takes a bit of futzing with the details to get something new. m.gemi's loafer has a little leather twist on the front, making them special but not informal. as men's health's deputy editor, commerce, christian gollayan oversees all shopping content on menshealth.com. he relocated back to new york by way of portland, where he was the associate managing editor at themanual.com. christian's work has also been featured in instyle, food & wine, the new york post, and tatler asia. maverick li is the style & commerce editor of men\u2019s health, where he covers clothing, footwear, watches, and grooming. he was previously the assistant commerce editor at esquire. the 12 best shoes for standing all day. 14 work boots that look as good as they perform. 16 adidas shoes that every guy should own. 18 stellar shoes under $150 that don't look cheap. 15 water shoes for your outdoor adventures. 27 surefire loafers to wear with any outfit. shop the hottest crocs styles at up to 50% off. 23 casual shoes to elevate your everyday fits. 18 retro sneakers that will forever be in style. 20 handsome leather sneakers to elevate your fits. 16 dress sneakers for every budget and occassion. 16 sleek slip-on shoes for every guy\u2019s budget. a part of hearst digital media. our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. we may earn a commission through links on our site. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. updated by adam santa maria jan 05, 2023. updated by adam santa maria jan 05, 2023. you can wear the nicest suit in the world, but if your dress shoes are lacking, then your entire wardrobe goes out the window. dress shoes are the ultimate sartorial punctuation point, shouldering the gargantuan responsibility of tying an outfit together. if you have a stellar pair of dress shoes, your formal attire will certainly pop more. while there is a trove of incredible men\u2019s dress shoes on the market to wear, sifting through them can be incredibly overwhelming. thankfully, we\u2019re here to help you in your quest for the perfect dress shoe. we\u2019ve compiled a guide to the best dress shoes for men that you can wear and have broken them down into seven major styles to fit your sensibilities. not all dress shoes are created equal, but all of these chic shoes will do you right. the brogue is similar in design to a standard oxford shoe, although it features a distinct perforated pattern. broguing is the term used to describe the pattern of holes that marks the outer leather of these shoes. originally, these perforations allowed water to escape the sopping shoes of the irish and scottish folks who wore them, although nowadays, the broguing pattern is purely aesthetic. a style icon and household name, cole haan has been making accessible, fashionable footwear for decades. while it\u2019s difficult to pick out just one of the brand\u2019s offerings, its modern classic wingtips are simply too stylish to exclude. these resplendent, oxford-style shoes feature full-grain leather uppers with genuine leather lining for added comfort. an eva footbed provides stability and shock absorption while the salpa welt detailing and intricate broguing offer more style points than you can count. if you\u2019re in the market for a modern interpretation of a timeless classic, you can\u2019t go wrong with these brogues. trickers has been one of the premier shoemakers in the world for almost two centuries. the british brand\u2019s phenomenal footwear has captured the hearts and feet of all who have worn them, and its bourton derby brogues exemplify tricker\u2019s master craftsmanship. these dapper shoes feature a chocolate leather suede construction and are pinked and brogued by hand, which is evident given the precision of the broguing. the true genius of these shoes, however, is that they toe the line between formal and casual, so you can either dress these up for a formal event or dress them down for a night out on the town. regardless, you\u2019re going to look criminally good while doing so. brunello cucinelli is a sartorial sorcerer who designs luxury garments that ooze style. seriously, just about everything this man designs is immaculate. case and point: his suede wingtip brogues. this beautiful amalgamation of contemporary style and timeless design perfectly encapsulates the brilliance of cucinelli\u2019s design language. the shoes are made of suede leather and feature a leather lining for enhanced comfort. their rubber-trimmed soles provide a neutral canvas to either dress up or rock the relaxed look. no matter how you wear these shoes, you\u2019re guaranteed to have the best footwear in the entire room. where military meets style. chelsea boots are snug ankle boots featuring stretchy elastic side panels. aside from their minimalist design and silhouette, another hallmark of the chelsea is its pull tabs for easy on and off. they got their name due to their popularity in chelsea, a chic area of london. charles tyrwhitt is a well-respected british label that makes impeccably good-looking formalwear that\u2019s accessibly priced. the brand sticks to the classics and executes them as well as any luxury brand out there. its suede chelsea boots are an example of the timeless design and modern methods tyrwhitt uses to make its garments. these beautiful boots are made from premium calf leather and feature a goodyear-welted sole that enhances their longevity and durability. for superior comfort and a relaxed fit, the designers at tyrwhitt incorporated insulating cork filler between the insole and the sole to mold to the shape of your foot as you wear them. belstaff is an iconic shoemaker, having made some of the best shoes in the industry for almost 100 years. while the brand makes incredible outerwear, its longton leather chelsea boots are simply sensational. the boots have the same rugged elegance that made belstaff iconic, however, their refined, minimalistic silhouette elevates them to match with almost any wardrobe. they feature a calf leather construction that\u2019s supple yet durable, as well as timeless chelsea characteristics like front and back pull tabs and elasticated gusset sides. if you\u2019re looking for a style workhorse that can go with pretty much anything, you can\u2019t go wrong with these. tom ford is another style wizard who seemingly can\u2019t help but make incredible clothing. the man is one of the most iconic designers of the modern era, so of course, his robert polished-leather chelsea boots are going to make it on this list. we\u2019d be remiss to exclude them. their premium calf polished-leather construction is so chic that these boots literally gleam with style. for easy access, the boots feature elasticated gusset sides and a subtle pull-tab that doesn\u2019t interrupt the gorgeous, streamlined silhouette of these boots. leave it to tom ford to find a way to elevate a timeless staple like the chelsea. chukkas are ankle-high boots that are made with two whole pieces of leather, have two (occasionally three) eyelets, and often feature thin laces. they\u2019re a fantastic and versatile boot that thrives in upscale casual to semi-formal settings. if thursday boot co. isn\u2019t a brand you frequent, then it should be. the big apple brand has mastered the craft of leatherworking and has a wide range of phenomenal shoes to show for it. in particular, its scout chukkas are some of the suavest you\u2019ll find on the market. they feature a genuine leather construction, a lined supple glove leather interior, and poron antimicrobial insoles that absorb shock as you walk and keep the stink at bay. design-wise, their leather construction elevates the streamlined, minimalistic silhouette of the chukka for an elevated casual look. these chukkas will never prove you wrong. clarks\u2019 desert boot burst onto the scene in 1950 and has only gotten more popular and appreciated as time has passed. the iconic chukka has made its way around the world and launched clarks\u2019 reputation into the sartorial stratosphere. its upper features a premium leather construction which is complemented by the minimalist lace fastenings. a streamlined design and understated stitching empower this amazing boot to transcend eras or seasons, while its suede tags remind us of the brand that started it all. crockett & jones is a footwear institution and makes some of the most dapper shoes on the planet. the northampton staple has been producing masterpieces since its 1879 inception, and its coniston boot is proof that the brand\u2019s design language has aged like fine wine. these boots are effortlessly stylish, made from a rugged yet sophisticated scotch grain leather, and constructed with dainite rubber soles for comfort and a storm welt for durability. their lace-up design offers a snug and secure fit while their pull-tab provides easy accessibility. these are dress boots you simply can\u2019t pass up. dress boots are pretty amorphous to define given how wide-ranging of a category they are. in this case, we\u2019re looking for boots that are taller than chukkas, feature lace-up fronts, and sport a durable, rugged look. it\u2019s hard to find a brand that\u2019s as iconic as dac martens. the doctor has long been a streetwear staple as well as a go-to bootmaker for many in the high-fashion space, which makes sense due to the shoes\u2019 classic design elements. the vegan 1460 adds a sustainable layer to the already head-turningly stylish look of doc martens\u2019 famous boots. we see all the iconic elements that make the 1460: its eight eyelets, grooved sides, a heel-loop, the signature yellow stitching, and an air-cushioned sole. add in the goodyear welt stitching for durability and a 100% vegan construction, and you have one of the best boots out there. a footwear company so nice, we had to mention it twice. when \u201cboot\u201d is in the name of your company, you almost have to make one of the best pairs of boots in the footwear space, and thursday boot co. did precisely that with its resplendent pair of wingtip boots. their smooth and pebbled leather construction provides the perfect smooth canvas for the intricate broguing pattern to pop while the chiseled toe adds a little textural flair as a punctuation point. their goodyear welt makes the boots easy to resole and also provides a decent level of water resistance. for comfort, the wingtips feature cork-bed midsoles while their studded rubber outsoles provide excellent grip in the elements. whoever said that dress boots can\u2019t be rugged clearly never owned a pair of wolverines. the american standout has been making classic shoes for over a century, and if the timelessness and undying popularity of its shoes keep at its pace, it\u2019ll most likely be around in another century. wolverine introduced the original 1000 mile boot in 1914, its modern contemporaries are nearly identical. they sport the same rough-and-tumble design and horween leather construction, but they also come with some modern upgrades. their goodyear welt construction provides durability and flexibility while the vibram heel makes them comfortable and stable enough to walk 1,000 miles comfortably. the loafer is a laceless shoe that slips on and off the foot. while many loafers have tassels and penny keepers, hence the term penny loafers, the main criteria for loafers is that they are slip-on shoes without laces. vinny\u2019s is a stalwart label that makes a stellar pair of penny loafers. these shoes are as timeless as timeless gets, which makes perfect sense given vinny\u2019s penchant for making classic gems. its townee patent leather penny loafers are a work of beauty, sporting a gorgeous black patent-leather construction that shines like a diamond. their traditional penny straps, signature engraved logos, and hard-wearing soles provide the perfect design accents and durability to keep this sleek pair of loafers in your rotation for years. viberg, the british columbia standout, makes some of the most handsome shoes you can buy, and while the brand call its loafers \u201cslippers,\u201d we\u2019d argue they satisfy all the pertinent criteria to be called loafers. confining the style of these loafers to just your home is heretical. inspired from vintage travel slippers from viberg\u2019s archives, the slipper has a timeless design and calf suede construction that will up the style quotient of any wardrobe with which you pair them. if there ever were a perfect autumnal loafer, it would be viberg\u2019s slipper. we know, fear of god probably isn\u2019t the first name you think of when you hear \u201cpenny loafers,\u201d but one look at its masterfully designed penny loafers is all it will take to convince you that it\u2019s really a premium penny loafer brand disguised as a fashion-forward streetwear label. these penny loafers feature the timeless, understated silhouette of the classic penny loafer, however, they have a sleeker, more contemporary design for a shot of modernity. they\u2019re made of gorgeous calf lining, with comfy leather soles that will give you all the more reason never to take these bad boys off. a monk strap is another style of a laceless dress shoe, however, rather than strictly being a slip-on shoe, they feature one or two clasps to secure the shoe to your foot. they are particularly in vogue nowadays due to their versatility. finding an accessibly priced pair of dress shoes that aren\u2019t cheaply made can be a herculean task, thankfully, brands like la milano are here to provide big quality, bigger style, and even bigger value. its double monk strap is simple, well-made, and oh-so-stylish, featuring a genuine argentinian leather upper with a rich color due to the company\u2019s special paint and brush technology. aside from looking handsome as all get-out, these monk straps also boast a memory foam insole for all-day comfort. if you\u2019re looking to turn heads on a budget, you definitely can\u2019t go wrong with these shoes. anyone who denies the beauty and trendiness of the monk strap need only see paul stuart\u2019s giordano monk strap shoe. the stalwart designer makes a slew of head-turning shoes, but we\u2019re particularly fond of these impeccable monk straps. these italian-made works of art feature a dapper single strap for minimal interruptions of their silhouette and maximum style points. featuring a premium calf leather construction that is augmented by the shoes\u2019 goodyear welted soles, these understated shoes are the perfect accent piece for any formalwear with which they\u2019re paired. with a rich british history dating back to the 1870s, john lobb is a heritage brand that every appreciator of fine footwear should know, and the william double sole suede shoes only provide more evidence of that. these gorgeous shoes feature a double monk strap, an elegant suede leather construction, and double soles for enhanced comfort. from a design standpoint, they drip with style. all it takes to see the premium quality of these shoes is a quick gander, which is also all you\u2019ll need to fall in love with them. oxfords are your classic dress shoes, often characterized by their closed lacing. this design allows for the shoe to have a slimmer, more elegant profile. shoe brands don\u2019t get a lot more recognizable than allen edmonds. the wisconsin brand has been a staple in the men\u2019s footwear space since its 1922 inception. it\u2019s almost impossible to pick just one standout shoe of the brand to pick, but we\u2019re particularly partial to its carlyle oxford. these dapper shoes are about as classic as can be, featuring a premium european calfskin leather construction that\u2019s built on a 360 goodyear bench welt for unrivaled comfort and stability. they sport an elegant and sleek silhouette that can dress up business attire or complement formalwear. speaking of iconic shoe brands, it\u2019s hard to find a more recognizable and respected brand in the space than alden. the massachusetts shoe staple has been churning out premium shoes since 1884, which has led it to become a shining example of american craftsmanship. its straight tip dress oxfords are a fan-favorite that boasts a gorgeous calfskin leather construction, dovetailed heels, and vegetable-tanned leather insoles that are as sustainable as they are comfortable. they feature a classic and elegant design that thrives in formal settings and a sleek silhouette that\u2019s as timeless as the brand that makes them. rounding out our list of the most dapper dress shoes on the market is viberg\u2019s devilishly handsome oxford. this particular shoe draws inspiration from viberg\u2019s funky oxfords of the 1960s and sports a black horsebutt construction that hails from comipel, italy. the bastion features a low-profile silhouette and elongated toe to fit virtually any foot comfortably, however, the designers at viberg updated it to have a trimmed heel and waist for a cleaner, more streamlined design. if you\u2019re looking to strut your stuff in a suit or semi-formal slacks, these are the shoes for you. now that you\u2019ve figured out your dress shoes, take a gander at our guide of the best men\u2019s suits under $1,000 to complete your sunday-best wardrobe. hiconsumption  is reader-supported. when you buy through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. make your edc all the more your own with gerber\u2019s customizable fastball knife. nike\u2019s acg mid-layer top can be worn as a base layer or under a coat. 10 best minimalist edc essentials [video]. presented by hiconsumption. frank abagnale\u2019s rolex gmt was given a custom \u201960s aesthetic by artisans de geneve. posted by ethan brehm. the best watches you can buy under $5,000. the best all-black men\u2019s sneakers to wear all the time. posted by yoni yardeni. brabus brings its deep blue package to its 900hp g-wagen super suv. posted by ethan brehm. wellen\u2019s hybrid cruiser shorts are made for beach day breezes. posted by yoni yardeni. converse taps devin booker for minimalist chuck 70 sneaker. posted by yoni yardeni. independently published in los angeles, ca. \u00a92023 hiconsumption llc. all rights reserved. as more and more events that require in-person attendance start creeping onto your calendar, from corporate shindigs to wedding parties, don\u2019t be caught off guard when your trusty sneakers no longer fit the bill. (or maybe you\u2019re so jaded by #remotelife that you\u2019ve forgotten about shoes altogether.) hear us out: dress codes matter! and when you\u2019re expected to roll up looking a helluva lot more polished than your zoom self, putting a little extra effort into your choice of kicks will go a long way. if you're looking for the best dress shoes for men, you'll find them here. fortunately, there are loads of options that fit every occasion and budget when you need formal, semi-formal, or business casual footwear. the trick is to start by learning the nuances of different styles, and when and where it\u2019s okay to wear them, before narrowing down your favorite picks from there. we\u2019re never ones to point you to a purchase \u201cjust cus.\u201d\u00a0 we want you to love \u2018em and wear \u2018em for years and years to come\u2014or until we all exist as virtual holograms. to get you started, here\u2019s a basic primer on the six different types of shoes that suit a range of buttoned-up affairs followed by recommended pairs by our favorite brands. most guys will default to an oxford as their go-to dress shoe\u2014and with good reason. since it was first invented in 19th-century scotland, the oxford (a.k.a. the balmoral) has been considered the definitive formal lace-up to complete any outfit, from a smart-casual look to preppy school uniforms. to spot an oxford, look for three defining features: a low heel, a silhouette that cuts under the ankle, and a closed lacing system stitched at the bottom, which gives the shoe a sleeker, more streamlined appearance. [$278; thefryecompany.com]. [$395; brunomagli.com]. more casual and free-spirited, derbies can still sub in for oxfords at most formal events. whether you\u2019re donning off-duty chinos or a three-piece suit,\u00a0 you\u2019ll be golden if you throw a pair of derbies into the mix. also nicknamed \"bluchers,\" these dress shoes are multifunctional by nature, characterized by open laces and eyelets attached to the top of the vamp. they also tend to come in more color and material variations than the other styles on this list, so feel free to grow a whole family of fun derbies in your closet. [$325; paulsmith.com]. [$460; matchesfashion.com]. [$660; ferragamo.com]. \u201cbroguing'' technically refers to the perforated embellishments on a shoe, but they\u2019re more than just decorative. the sturdy original was designed to allow water to drain from the feet of bog-tromping irishmen. because a brogue skews less formal than a plain oxford and still lives on a spectrum, from semi to quarter to full-on brogue, we\u2019re putting them in a separate category. even so, generally the more ornate and obvious the broguing, the less formal the shoe, with subcategories like cap-toes that have perforations contouring the edge of the cap and wingtips, which have a decorative w-shaped leather piece that extends all the way to the heel. [$130; drmartens.com]. [$365; allenedmonds.com]. [$995; church-footwear.com]. the lace-free loafer may have been created for \u201cloafing around,\u201d but it\u2019s totally an acceptable dress shoe. it\u2019s all about picking the sleekest version of this slip-on style that  you can find. an understated penny. a loafer with a showy horsebit accessory. or even one with a collapsible heel that hints at your sartorial edginess. at the end of the day, shoemakers are upping the cool factor of loafers, and impressing upon us their versatility in even formal settings. [$250; sebago-usa.com]. nestled between the derby and the oxford in the context of formality, the monk strap eschews laces in favor of an alternative method of securing itself on your feet: a strap and buckle. go for a single monk for a more timeless look. or if you're feeling really pious to the elegant style (it was invented by\u00a0 monks who needed a practical shoe that wasn\u2019t a sandal), double up with a double monk. [$169; johnstonmurphy.com]. [$695; saksfifthavenue.com]. [$880; santonishoes.com]. for menswear purists, patent leather shoes are reserved for the ultimate special occasion, one that requires a full tuxedo suit and tuxedo shoes to match. but rules are meant to be broken, no? so it\u2019s not uncommon these days that they appear paired with jeans, or even white athletic socks and shorts. traditionally the \u201cpatent\u201d look was achieved with a linseed oil lacquer finish, but the bulk of today\u2019s supply instead features a synthetic coating. in either case, because of the super shiny exterior of the shoe, every little crease or scratch becomes unsightly. so if there\u2019s one reason to wear patent leather shoes sparingly, that\u2019d be it. [$299; nordstrom.com]. [$299; suitsupply.com]. [$395; saksfifthavenue.com]. [$395; allenedmonds.com]. the most comfortable men\u2019s dress shoes are the formal(ish) ones you wear to work, weddings and parties when sneakers won\u2019t fly. as is the case with many types of shoes, there are good and bad ones out there. the wrong dress shoes are stiff, painful to wear and look like they belong in a time capsule from the 1950s. the best dress shoes, on the other hand, mold to your feet, feel great and match the other stylish items in your closet. to find out what separates the torturous from the truly excellent, we consulted experts who spend a lot of time on their feet and prioritize comfort (and good looks) in footwear. the most comfortable dress shoes for men are sleeker and more stylish than you'd think. ahead, you\u2019ll find all the pairs we highly recommend. our picks for the most comfortable men\u2019s dress shoes overall (the allen edmonds park avenue cap toe oxford) and most affordable comfortable men\u2019s dress shoes (the johnston & murphy lewis plain toe) not only have outfit-making potential, but they\u2019re also nearly as comfortable as your everyday sneakers. read more about how we made these selections at the end of this guide, and for more men\u2019s fashion advice, check out our guides to the best men\u2019s dress shirts and best men\u2019s jeans. sizes: 5-16 | widths: aaaa-eee | colors: dark chili, black, walnut brown, coffee brown, mahogany, burgundy leather | upper material: calfskin | sole material: leather. this classic shoe\u2014first introduced in 1982\u2014is frequently touted by both stylists and podiatrists due to its sleek silhouette and supportive fit. while so many comfortable dress shoes skew vaguely orthopedic, this iconic lace-up oxford is cushy and forgiving yet visually minimalist: it features an updated low profile, leather-lined interior, cork insoles that mold to your foot and it\u2019s available in ten different widths. sizes: 8-14 | widths: m | colors: tan, black | upper material: nappa full grain leather | sole material: leather and rubber. this more casual dress shoe has a memory foam-cushioned footbed to make it springy, and the rubber sole offers traction while commuting across cement-lined streets, subway platforms, or on slick office flooring. while this shoe only comes in a medium width, it\u2019s a little more forgiving than other, stiffer shoes and it runs slightly wider in the forefoot for added comfort, according to howard friedman, md, podiatrist at suffern podiatry. sizes: 7-13 | widths: m | colors: black, color eight | upper material: leather | sole material: rubber. j.crew has an extensive range of formal-ish men\u2019s footwear, with designs ranging from sporty chukka boots to versatile loafers. this pull-on pair\u2019s almond-shaped toe allows feet room to spread out, and its water-resistant welt and vibram rubber sole make it springy, durable and the right traction for slick sidewalks. sizes: 7-13 | widths: m | colors: brown | upper material: calf leather| sole material: rubber. luxury italian shoemaker santoni is possibly best known for their handmade high-end oxfords and derbys, which are boardroom favorites. this casual take on a classic\u2014it\u2019s an elegant sneaker-derby hybrid\u2014can be worn with everything from dress pants to khakis to jeans. while these shoes have a slightly tapered shape, some say they run large so take that into consideration when picking your size. sizes: 7-14 | widths: m | colors: black, marine blue | upper material: fabric and leather | sole material: rubber. cole haan is at the top of foot specialists\u2019 lists for comfort, and this pair has hundreds of positive reviews. while the fabric construction is slightly informal, the tight weave is more sophisticated than a sneaker and the responsive material allows feet and toes room to spread out. the special soles have pumped up cushioning, foot-friendly flexibility and they\u2019re lightweight. another bonus: these offer a great fit and comfort right out of the box. sizes: 5-15 | widths: m | colors: 17 colors, from muted neutrals to bold brights (available at a variety of retailers) | upper material: suede | sole material: rubber. these unassuming, hand-stitched slip-ons are so popular it can be difficult to get your hands on a pair. their low-profile white sole is springy and forgiving on feet and joints, and the supple full-grain leather is flexible if you\u2019ll be doing lots of walking. we especially love that the sneaker-meets-dress-shoe construction makes them appropriate for a variety of outfit choices\u2014paired with khakis, slightly rolled jeans or stylish suiting. sizes: 7-13 | widths: m | colors: cuoio, black | upper material: leather | sole material: leather. if you\u2019re the guy who still wears a suit to work, this subtle, understated, goes-with-everything shoe is your go-to. despite a refined silhouette, this pair allows for a little more room near the bridge of your foot and at the toe, so the fit doesn\u2019t feel constricting. wearers like that the leather is supple and molds to the foot, so this pick is comfortable whether you\u2019re meeting with clients, standing at a cocktail party or running to catch a train. sizes: 7-14 | widths: d, ee | colors: black, oxblood, walnut | upper material: leather | sole material: leather, rubber. not brands make wide widths but anthony veer offers accommodating shoes that are both good looking and reasonably priced. this stylishly perforated brogue is leather-lined with a lightly cushioned insole; plus, its \u201cgoodyear welt construction\u201d\u2014the gold standard of shoe construction\u2014means the sole is durable and can be easily replaced when you eventually wear them down. just note: some reviewers say these run large. sizes: 7-15 | widths: m, w | colors: black pebble grain, brown pebble grain | upper material: leather | sole material: vibram rubber. the samuel hubbard shoe company was founded in 2013 by bruce katz, whose family launched rockport in 1971. katz clearly knows the secret to creating comfortable shoes: if you\u2019re going to be on your feet for hours, you need to start with a good, flexible foundation. these derbys have a vibram sole that\u2019s both lightweight and durable, and a breathable memory foam insole that\u2019s removable if you prefer a custom insole or orthotics. you\u2019ll be painless and polished throughout the day, whether wearing these with a suit or jeans. sizes: 8-15 | widths: m | colors: black, grey, hazelwood, navy | upper material: fabric | sole material: rubber. raleigh, north carolina-based peter millar is a well-respected presence in the casual men\u2019s sportswear space, and these shoes perfectly embody the brand\u2019s sporty-elegant vibe. thier textile mesh upper is supportive and breathable, they have a padded tongue and removable foam insole with extra cushioning as well as a shock-absorbent midsole. the elastic laces are customizable, and the rounded toe allows movement and breathing room. style tip: the black and navy tend to read dressier than the lighter shades. for this story, i spoke with three foot and footwear specialists: colin dombroski, phd, author of the plantar fasciitis plan: free your feet from morning pain and founder and clinical director at orthotic and footwear company solescience; new york-based men\u2019s fashion stylist turner allen, founder and lead stylist at style turner; and howard friedman, dpm, podiatrist and owner of suffern podiatry. they discussed things to consider when shopping for comfortable dress shoes, how to find the best fit, and the specific pairs that combine comfort and style. their unifying message: finding a great dress shoe isn\u2019t just about picking something you like in your size, it\u2019s about finding a fit that accommodates the entire shape of your foot. to determine the best comfortable dress shoes for men, i first informally surveyed the men i know to learn about their favorite comfortable shoe styles, brands and models. i considered shoes highly recommended by podiatrists, and i evaluated the models highlighted by the experts i spoke with. finally, i read hundreds of customer reviews of men\u2019s dress shoes at a wide variety of price points. i ultimately chose the best comfortable dress shoes by evaluating whether they successfully met most of the following criteria: universality of fit, size availability, width availability, adjustability, degree of cushioning from a liner or sole, flexibility and overall versatility. as with many things, men\u2019s dress shoes have become more casual overall post-pandemic. \u201csince most men no longer have to wear a suit and tie every day, oxfords are less popular, and derbys and loafers are in,\u201d says turner. \u201csimple designs are the most appealing because they\u2019re the most versatile.\u201d. \u201cit\u2019s important to remember that you have a foot shape, not just a shoe size,\u201d says dombroski. \u201cyou have to focus on fit most of all. you may measure a certain size, but that size is only a starting point of your length, width and depth.\u201d also, if you haven\u2019t been measured in a few years, it\u2019s a good idea to go into a shoe store to get professionally measured: \u201cit\u2019s typical for a person\u2019s foot to elongate and widen over time,\u201d says friedman. to ensure you have the best fit, the experts we spoke with recommend taking the following steps when trying on dress shoes:. not all shoes come in wider widths, so if you have a wide foot or prefer a little more room at the bridge of your foot, try to find a style that can accommodate you. in general, a rounded toe will be more comfortable as opposed to pointed styles. \u201cyour toes splay while you\u2019re standing and they need room to move,\u201d says friedman. \u201cthey can function better and will be more comfortable if they\u2019re not encumbered.\u201d. soles are made of leather or rubber, and while leather has some give to it, rubber soles offer more flexibility and springiness. \u201cvibram rubber soles are more durable and comfortable [than leather], especially for men living in cities where driving isn\u2019t the norm,\u201d says allen. \u201clug soles are a client favorite because they can easily withstand different terrains.\u201d dombroski agrees: \u201cmost people bear their weight on the heels and balls of their feet,\u201d he says. \u201crubber soles absorb shock better. they grab more traction and offer more comfort on a high stress area, specifically the balls of your feet.\u201d. another factor that can significantly affect comfort is an insole liner. \u201ca liner acts as a buffer,\u201d says friedman. \u201csome liners have cushioning and arch support built into them. look to see if there\u2019s a removable liner, especially if you use orthotics.\u201d. dress shoes with laces tend to be the most versatile. \u201cthe advantage of laces is that they allow you to make adjustments to the shoe,\u201d says friedman. \u201c you can make it looser in the front or keep snug on the top so it reduces slippage.\u201d. if you work in a creative or more casual field, slip-ons are a stylish and comfortable choice since they often come with rubber soles. however, \u201cif you have a high instep and voluminous foot, you may find slip-on shoes uncomfortable because you can\u2019t adjust that part of the shoe,\u201d says dombroski. several popular brands have men\u2019s dress shoes in varying widths, including johnston & murphy, allen edmonds, rockport, stacy adams and cole haan. another way to make a shoe wider, experts say, is to remove a shoe\u2019s insole to allow your foot to have room to spread out. \u201cif a shoe doesn\u2019t come in a wide width and you need slightly more space, removing the insole can potentially give you extra space if you need it,\u201d says dombroski. there are a few simple guidelines, says dombroski:. absolutely. \u201crounded, english-style toes, pebbled leather and chunky soles are casual and easy to wear in both dress and informal environments,\u201d says allen. dress shoes like derbys, brogues, slip-ons or loafers can be worn with anything from denim to khakis to a variety of dress pants and suits. by leah melby clinton. you\u2019ve probably noticed a steady relaxation of dress codes over the past several years, yet there are still many situations and social obligations that necessitate\u00a0 slipping out of slippers and into some elevated footwear. whether this\u00a0arises from a professional obligation or a festive invite, one thing\u2019s for certain: shoes are required. we asked professional stylists and fashion insiders for the lace-ups, boots and sneakers they wear and suggest to clients for dressed-up occasions. these are the pairs they recommend. $399  at neiman marcus. versatility is the no. 1 factor huntington beach, calif.-based jim o\u2019brien, co-founder of cleobella, considers with his formal shoes. he likes that this single monk strap style \u201ccan be dressed up or down\u201d for different events, from weddings to dinners out. they\u2019re \u201csuper comfortable as well, especially for a stiffer shoe,\u201d he adds. these double-strap shoes have the same antiqued leather treatment that o\u2019brien prefers, with darker dye deposits at the toe and heel (the spots where a shoe would naturally begin showing its age first), offering more durability. \u201ci love the variation in color from light to dark,\u201d he says, adding that the mixture of light and dark brown makes them \u201cgreat for all occasions.\u201d. \u201ci love a classic shoe with a twist,\u201d says wes sharpton, lead brand educator and stylist at hairstory, who splits his time between catskill, n.y. and new york city. he calls this leather lug sole style \u201cvisually intriguing without being in your face\u201d and likes the extra height the 1.75-inch rubber soles add. this under-$100 find from a popular brand known for comfort has a lug sole that\u2019s slightly subtler than others. the laces and classic body shape are characteristic of traditional men\u2019s dress shoes, while the rugged rubber soles still make a statement with any formal outfit. $680  at crockett & jones. this upscale option is ideal for people who prefer a traditional style, and it\u2019s a top pick for antiques dealer cole myers, who splits his time between paris and kansas city, mo.; the latter is where his shop myers & monroe is located. \u201cgood leather shoes are not an arena in which it pays to cut costs,\u201d he says, recommending investing in \u201cthe pair of a decade\u201d from this made-in-england favorite. (crockett & jones has regal and hollywood credentials: the brand received a royal warrant of appointment in 2017, and this is the style of dress shoes worn by daniel craig\u2019s james bond). \u201ceven on a budget, one is well served by quality over quantity in the shoe department,\u201d he says. \u201cpolish them a few times a year, and they\u2019ll still turn heads five or 10 years after you bought them.\u201d. for a classic look without leather, this vegan option has clean lines without using any animal products. \u201cthey\u2019re timeless and go with everything,\u201d says nolan beck-rivera, a richmond, va.-based interior designer and owner of the home goods shop jolene. he says this pair of lace-up oxfords is \u201ccomfortable\u201d and \u201cwonderful because no animals were harmed in their making.\u201d the montreal-based brand is popular for using a range of earth-friendly materials like the biodegradable polyurethane used here. $595  at saks fifth avenue. myers describes heschung as \u201ca boutique french brand\u201d that\u2019s still under the radar for many american shoppers. each pair of shoes is handcrafted in the alsace region and made with a reverse-welt construction where the sole is carefully stitched rather than glued. \u201cthere\u2019s an artistic side to wearing shoes that are that beautiful,\u201d he says, adding that \u201cthe soles are leather and conceived to be replaced by a cobbler every couple of years.\u201d. $265  at saks fifth avenue. $265  at bloomingdale's. dress boots featuring the same body as derby shoes but with a higher rise at the ankle are another favored silhouette of myers and one that he regularly gets compliments on. he says wearing a pair is \u201ca hack\u201d for looking \u201cremarkable even if you\u2019ve just thrown something on and darted out the door.\u201d this pair features leather uppers for a sleek look with cushioned insoles for comfort. $1,190  at neiman marcus. \u201cone of my clients refers to me as \u2018boots\u2019,\u201d beck-rivera explains regarding his devotion to this designer pair. \u201cthey make me feel like johnny cash, and i\u2019ve almost walked the soles off them.\u201d the almond toe and smooth black leather are both characteristics of traditionally formal footwear, while the stacked heel adds a rockstar vibe. plus an interior zipper makes slipping them on and off easy. this pair has a similar look to beck-rivera\u2019s saint laurent favorites and are a smart way to try out the look before investing. \u201cthey\u2019re just as stylish and shiny but won\u2019t destroy your bank account,\u201d he says of the block-heeled boots with pointed toes and side zippers. o\u2019brien counts this pair as his \u201csuper versatile, daily go-to\u201d for years, wearing them for more dressed-up occasions and with casual daytime outfits. they\u2019re \u201cdurable work boots\u201d in a pinch, too, thanks to rubber outsoles, steel shank construction and treated leather that\u2019s intended to look better as it ages. they come in 13 colors and finishes, and the style can easily be adapted for different wardrobing needs. o\u2019brien\u2019s matte black pick is one of the more formal options, while hues like the dark charcoal and olive would pair easily with casual clothing. sharpton\u2019s work in the beauty industry means his outfits can push sartorial boundaries, and he \u201cloves footwear with some personality,\u201d especially \u201cshoes that slip on but don\u2019t look like i\u2019ve given up on life.\u201d he calls these boots \u201camazing\u201d and vouches for their comfort, thanks to the rubber vibram soles. they\u2019re also available in black, but the white hue is sharpton\u2019s preferred version since it \u201cadds some attitude\u201d to a look. the key to dressed-up sneakers is finding a leather pair free of busy accents or logos. the style is \u201cacceptable to wear with dress clothes,\u201d confirms los angeles-based personal stylist rayne parvis, who advises people to wear these sneakers in place of brown lace-up dress shoes. clients have told her this pair is \u201csuper comfortable\u201d and can be made even better for dancing the night away if you \u201cremove the insert cushioning and put your own orthotics in.\u201d. $425  at saks fifth avenue. parvis says this \u201cleveled-up sneaker\u201d is a favorite with her fellow stylists and clients, calling it \u201cunderstated and dapper.\u201d in lieu of a logo, there\u2019s a string of numbers on the side of the leather low-tops that parvis calls \u201cthe equivalent of christian louboutin\u2019s red bottoms.\u201d in other words, if you know, you know. for formal occasions with a looser dress code, like beachside celebrations or a stepped-up backyard soiree, a woven slide is a solid option. \u201ci picked up a handmade pair of huaraches in mexico last summer when i was there for a wedding, and they became my go-to footwear for events of all formalities for the rest of the season,\u201d says beck-rivera. he likes this \u201clovely tobacco color\u201d from nisolo for wearing with creamy linen or other light-colored clothing. updated \n      apr 2, 2023. by heather mayer irvine. finding the best shoe for your needs will help you reach your fitness goals, big and small. updated \n      mar 24, 2023. by leah melby clinton. they\u2019re posture-saving carryalls that are packed with good-looking details. updated \n      mar 5, 2023. we tested and slept in popular options to find the most stylish and comfortable pairs. 88 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple. by clicking \u201caccept all cookies\u201d, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. brides / lecia landis. selecting a suit or tuxedo for your wedding day is key, but choosing the right pair of dress shoes is just as important. after all, shoes complete the look! finding a designer or brand you can rely on for both style and comfort is critical\u2014whether you\u2019re a groom looking for a pair of unique, made-to-order dress shoes or a wedding guest on the hunt for a pair of oxfords or loafers that will last you years to come. to narrow down your choices, consider the comfort, construction, and overall quality of a brand's shoe line. it's also important to consider the formality of the event\u2014black tie affairs call for tuxedo shoes while semi-formal weddings will have a more casual dress code\u2014as well as your personal style. with so many men's dress shoes on the market, we researched the best options with these features in mind. we also spoke with luxury shoe designer enrico cuini for his expert insight. from luxury to casual designs, we\u2019re sharing our top picks. read on to find the best men's dress shoe brands. choosing a pair of made-for-you dress shoes for the big day adds a unique touch to your wedding look. beckett simonon is all about crafting handmade, high-quality custom dress shoes that are made to last\u2014at a reasonable price. on top of that, the brand offers a variety of different styles to choose from. and, because of their made-to-order business model, beckett simonon shoes have a layer of sustainability, too. purchasing a pair of these men's dress shoes promotes smarter consumption, lean production with zero unsold inventory, and less waste. prices starting at: $219. if comfort is at the top of your must-list for men\u2019s dress shoes, cole haan always delivers. known for putting a comfortable, supportive twist on classic designs (without sacrificing style), cole haan shoes are some of the most comfortable dress shoes on the market. from classic cap-toe oxfords to stylish sneaker-inspired dress shoes, the brand blends comfort technology and traditional design for a lifetime of wear. prices starting at: $140. when shopping for a pair of men\u2019s dress shoes, we like options\u2014and magnanni has them all. whether your special occasion attire calls for something classic like a pair of lace-up shoes or something more sophisticated like buttery leather loafers, magnanni has a wide selection of stylish men\u2019s dress shoes\u2014including some with extra flair (we love the magnanni marco ii monk strap shoe). the brand even features a line of stylish wedding-appropriate sandals for destination events. prices starting at: $298. from patent leather lace-ups to dress boots, bruno magli\u2019s collection of men\u2019s dress shoes brings a variety of designs for any special occasion ensemble. the legacy brand has been designing shoes since the 1930s, bringing authentic italian luxury to soles for nearly 100 years. simply put: they know how to craft a great men's dress shoe that will last for years to come. prices starting at: $250. ted baker is a brand we love for comfortable special occasion attire. their dapper brogue designs come in a myriad of styles, including several sneaker designs for a dressed-down take on men\u2019s dress shoes. perfect for the casual groom or wedding guest, these designer shoes are made to hit the dance floor time and time again. prices starting at: $170. when we think of designer dress shoes, gucci is the first to come to mind. from timeless loafer designs to classic lace-up styles, gucci is the go-to brand for luxurious dress shoes that never go out of style. whether you\u2019re a guest or shopping for your big day, choosing a pair of gucci shoes can add a touch of class to your wedding wardrobe. and, we love how versatile their designs are. their loafers, lace-ups, and oxfords are sophisticated enough to wear with a tuxedo or three-piece suit, yet they can also work well with a pair of slacks and a blazer. prices starting at: $890. if you\u2019re on the hunt for a pair of men\u2019s dress shoes that fit the bill but still add a touch of personality, look no further than uptown yardie. inspired by jamaican heritage, the british fashion brand features a collection of artistically crafted saddle shoes (we love the option to customize with a separate kiltie), plus the option to go full custom with their bespoke dress shoes. prices starting at: $602. we\u2019re big fans of blackstock & weber for a loafer that boasts some flair. from textured crocodile and pebbled leather to ultra soft suede and tactile denim, this brooklyn-based dress shoe brand is all about making your shoes the statement piece. prices starting at: $365. enrico cuini is a luxury shoe designer and co-founder of his eponymous shoe label, enrico cuini. the way shoes look is important but, according cuini, comfort is key. \u201cwe have all been to a wedding, or even been in one, where our feet are destroyed afterward,\u201d he says. \u201ci think the world is learning its lesson and people are shifting to wearing shoes that are comfortable, they can wear more than once, and fit their personal style.\u201d so, ensure your shoes fit comfortably before making a dance-floor appearance. an important thing to consider when shopping for dress shoes is where you will wear them and what the event\u2019s dress code is. if it's a black-tie wedding, tuxedo shoes might be the better option. if you\u2019re attending a destination wedding, formal shoes might not even be required. \u201cmany weddings or black-tie events are destinations so, while they may be formally dressed, we also need to address their need for warmer weather shoes like sandals,\u201d says cuini. \u201cfor destination weddings, the so-called traditional formal shoe is very different and an open toe and sandal is more appropriate.\". as cuini mentioned, personal style is at the forefront of the decision process when it comes to purchasing a pair of dress shoes. choosing dress shoes that feel more \u201cyou\u201d is important because it will make you feel more confident and stylish and also prevent them from sitting in your closet and collecting dust post-wedding. you want a shoe that you love enough to wear again and again. \u201ca dress shoe is any shoe that is not a sneaker, boot, or a type of footwear that exposes your feet such as a sandal,\u201d says cuini. on the technical side, these shoes typically consist of four parts: the toe, vamp, facing, and quarter. \u201cit\u2019s the placement and construction of these four pieces that determine the uniqueness of a dress shoe,\u201d he explains. according to cuini, black-tie wedding attire is going through an update as more people choose comfort over traditional aesthetics. however, if the dress code calls for the classic black-tie look, cuini recommends an oxford or loafer as a safe bet. \u201cthese can be brown or black, but it depends on what color tuxedo you are wearing,\u201d he notes, adding that brown shoes tend to be slightly more casual. in addition to style, cuini says to make sure shoes are \u201cnicely polished\u201d before the big day. good news: cuini says you don't need to wear dress shoes at your wedding. \u201ccomfort seems to be the key component for most people today, whether you are in the wedding or just attending it,\u201d he says. \u201cwearing sneakers with a suit is trending today and more people are foregoing the traditional attire to wear what makes them feel best.\u201d. jessie quinn is a bridal-obsessed style writer with a bachelor\u2019s degree in fashion journalism. when researching men\u2019s style stories\u2014such as the best dress shoes\u2014she is all about putting personal style and quality first. after all, you want to wear the shoes, not have the shoes wear you! and, if they are an investment item, you might want to get multiple wears out of them. the 17 best tuxedo shoes of 2023 for every style and budget. 5 groomsmen style trends for 2023 weddings. the 15 best dress shoes for putting your best foot forward. the 15 best men's wedding suits of 2023. 3 types of shoes all mothers of the bride should avoid wearing. the 15 best places to buy tuxedos. the 8 best websites for wedding suits and tuxedos. what does the grandmother of the bride wear to a wedding? the 17 best green bridal shoes for a statement-making wedding look. the 18 best sparkly wedding shoes of 2023. 15 best blue wedding shoes of 2023. what shoes to wear with every kind of suit. 18 pairs of wedding guest shoes to wear to every wedding. 14 best maternity guest dresses for every style of 2023. the newest bridal fashion launches and collaborations to know right now. the 16 best tea-length mother of the groom dresses of 2023. last updated: sunday february 26, 2023. these are the best dress shoes for men whether you need a pair for business or formal wear... written by hugo whitehead. even today, you can still tell a gentleman by his shoes. whether deliberate or not, one\u2019s choice in men\u2019s dress shoes \u2013 oxfords, derbys, monks or brogues \u2013 can still point the way to a man\u2019s character: is he stylish or not? the reality is that quality and aesthetically on-point dress shoes for men can cover a multitude of\u00a0fashion sins. conversely, cheap pleather knock-offs with a square-toe cap can undo hundreds of dollars invested in a made-to-measure suit. in short, you better get your shoes right if you want your outfit to work. don\u2019t know where to start? well, we\u2019ve uncovered the best dress shoes for men. and, with the help of two knowledgeable luxury footwear experts, you\u2019re about to discover the dos and don\u2019ts of men\u2019s dress shoes. hint: it\u2019s all about quality and being prepared to pay for it. before we get into what to expect from a pair of shoes depending on how much you\u2019re able to spend, it\u2019s important to get the various types of dress shoes out the way first, as it\u2019s not necessarily as simple as just going out and getting a pair for work or a formal event. each style has its own uses and connotations. the most formal and elegant of the dress shoe styles, the oxford shoe distinguishes itself by a closed lace system. the eyelets for the shoelaces are generally located on the quarters (the\u00a0part of the shoe uppers that wrap around the heel) and meet the vamp (the shoe uppers that cover the toes and instep in the middle of the foot). oxford shoes are ones you would certainly want to be seen wearing in the boardroom at work. their formal nature imparted by their closed lacing system will let others know you know how to dress and just how much of an impact a good pair of shoes can make. if you do invest in oxford shoes, you\u2019ll want to spend as much as possible to get a long-lasting reliable pair. a slightly less formal leather lace-up, the derby is characterised by quarters with shoelace eyelets that are sewn on top of the vamp. this construction is known as open lacing, compared to the closed version of the oxford. derby shoes can be worn to the office with no problem, although if you\u2019re higher up in the pecking order, then we\u2019d recommend you steer more towards an oxford. for traditional purists, the double monk is something unique. fastened, not with laces but two leather straps with a metal buckle closure, it\u2019s a die-hard favourite among contemporary gents with nostalgic tastes. to stand out from the crowd at a wedding, for example, the monk strap shoe is the way to go. from the tassel to the penny loafer, the laceless leather dress shoe is a more relaxed, versatile option. \u201csome guys hate loafers. but for those who don\u2019t, loafers are the perfect shoe for when you can\u2019t think of what to wear,\u201d says nick schaerf, co-founder of luxury men\u2019s shoe store, double monk. \u201cthe no-lace factor appeals to our lazy side.\u201d. classically english, the brogue \u2013 with its perforated leather patina \u2013 is a great smart casual shoe and is perfect with a tweed blazer or waxed cotton jacket and jeans or chinos. while most luxury shoes are $400-plus, their quality, craftsmanship and longevity far outweigh the hefty price tag. \u201clike with everything in fashion, investing in lasting, timeless footwear is the key. a well-made pair of shoes can last a lifetime if not generations,\u201d says ross poulakis, founder of luxury retailer, harrolds. and, whether you go bespoke or not, luxury dress shoes for men are made for you. \u201chigh-quality shoes, if well fitted, will mould to your foot over time and provide support and comfort as they wear in,\u201d schaerf relates. if, however, you simply can\u2019t afford a pair of luxury dress shoes, then you\u2019ll be pleased to know there are still plenty of pairs of good-quality cheap dress shoes that are far more wallet-friendly. \u201cgoodyear welting, hand painting, hand stitching and premium leathers are common techniques that speak of the artisanship that goes into the construction of luxury footwear,\u201d says poulakis. while exotic crocodile and ostrich skin shoes are on offer, the most common leather is cow, full-grain calf leather and \u201csometimes cordovan, which is from a horse,\u201d says schaerf. \u201cfull-grain leather can be conditioned and treated to remain soft and supple for decades.\u201d. the way the leather is stitched and welted is also very important. \u201cmost high-end italian shoes are blake stitched, built for loafing around in european piazzas rather than commuting or wearing several days a week for years on end.\u201d. speaking of europe, english shoemakers can\u2019t be beaten for sturdiness, says schaerf. \u201cthe english bench-made shoe has its origins in military boot making, so durability has always been paramount, with refinement coming over many decades,\u201d he adds. the cornerstone component? a\u00a0goodyear welted sole. \u201cthe goodyear-welted construction allows the shoes to be re-soled over and over again, so in theory, the shoes can last indefinitely. some of our customers have had their shoes for forty or fifty years!\u201d. and once you\u2019ve got your shoe game sorted, check out the coolest sock brands for men to rock today and comfortable dress shoe brands if you\u2019re more concerned about comfort than style. if you still want help on choosing a pair of men\u2019s dress shoes, we\u2019ve got you covered. these are the best dress shoes for men to buy right now. price: from $150\nsizes: 7-15\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cexcellent shoe quality and prompt delivery despite busy time of the year.\u201d. born in 1928 on the streets of melbourne, julius marlow has a rich history of quality shoemaking and has long been the go-to choice for aussie men in the know. the thing that\u2019s always made julius marlow shoes so unique is how they combine classic bootmaking and dress shoe aesthetics with cutting-edge, ergonomic yet discreet innovations which make their shoes easy to live with and make looking premium look easy, such as their crystal sole and o2 motion technologies. julius marlow are mostly known for their oxford shoes but you\u2019ll also find plenty of loafers, derbys and other styles in their range. price: from $155\nsizes: 7-13\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cgreat quality shoes. fit as expected. will never go out of style. comfortable right out of the box.\u201d. founded way back in 1876, gh bass has remained committed to producing a huge range of shoes that encompass both classic designs and styles along with good-looking pairs that are a little bit more \u2018out there\u2019. the best thing about gh bass, however, is how well their shoes are priced. if loafers are what you\u2019re after, then you\u2019ve come to the right place, with nearly 100 pairs to choose from. you will find a few pairs of oxfords and other lace-ups, but for slip supremacy, there\u2019s nowhere better to go. price: from $180\nsizes: 7-13\nmaterial: 100% cow leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cthis is a very nice shoe and very fashionable.\u201d. think formal attire and you can\u2019t really skip past hugo boss. the high-end german menswear brand is somewhat synonymous with formal dress, with its suits being among some of the best in the business. why stop there? the design team asked. why not outfit guys from head to toe in hugo boss? that\u2019s exactly what you can do with the brand\u2019s considered footwear collection. derbies and oxfords dominate the lineup, with both styles being offered in various shades of brown and black, and for those who want to inject some alternative style, you\u2019ll find chunky sole variants too. price: from $325\nsizes: 40-47\nmaterial: calf leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cthe calf leather on these handmade boots are soft and high quality, and the boots are very comfortable to wear.\u201d. scarosso is an italian manufacturer of leather dress shoes for men that manages to sell pairs for less than you might expect thanks to a direct-to-consumer sales model. the company encompasses all the major dress shoe styles, from oxfords to derbys to loafers and monk straps, and with all pairs being handmade and incorporating a variety of construction methods, including both blake and goodyear welts, along with a combination of the two, you can be sure of a long-lasting pair that will look good for years to come. price: from $395\nsizes: 6.5-15\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cgreat dress shoe!! this was the first pair of allen edmonds that i purchased and i now have 9 pairs!! one word of advice, make sure you spend a little extra on leather lotion and polish. it will make a world of a difference.\u201d. born in america in 1922, allen edmonds decided to employ some new shoemaking techniques in a bid to create even more comfortable dress shoes for men. this saw the company do away with nails of any kind, as well as the metal bar that many other companies use under the instep. the decision continues to prove to be a successful one, with many claiming allen edmonds shoes to be incredibly comfortable. you\u2019ll find a range of styles and designs within the company\u2019s range, including boulevard cap and wingtip oxfords, along with a multitude of colours that will work with any suits you have in your wardrobe. price: from $300\nsizes: 7-13\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cgreat shoes. very comfortable. look great in court.\u201d. american footwear giant cole haan is in the business of providing everyone with the perfect pair of shoes. with many pairs being available in extended sizes, widths, and all pairs being ready to wear right from the off with no real break-in period required, they\u2019re proof you don\u2019t need to resort to centuries-old brands for great quality men\u2019s dress shoes. belsire is another italian manufacturer of high-quality leather dress shoes for men that belie their price tag. belsire constantly strives to keep up to date with the very latest in footwear materials and production methods, to ensure the dress shoe needs of the modern man are consistently met. price: from $290\nsizes: 7-14\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201ci can unequivocally say their quality is beyond excellent. i find the materials used is of very good quality and the fit is comfortable.\u201d. british fashion label reiss nestles neatly in the space between high-street fast fashion and truly high-end designer, offering guys an affordable premium collection of clothes, accessories and footwear that favours neutral tones and plain designs across formal and casual pieces. reiss\u2019 dress shoe range isn\u2019t the largest ever, and you won\u2019t find any oxfords, but instead, you\u2019ll be able to choose from derbies, loafers and plenty of monk straps, all of which use high-quality leather and are made in italy. price: from $225\nsizes: 7-12\nmaterial: 100% calf leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cgreat quality worth for the money, best service ever!!!\u201d. a name heavily associated with all things business and formal is charles tyrwhitt. the british label was founded on london\u2019s jermyn street and has since become a force to be reckoned with within the dress shirt space. charles tyrwhitt also has a generous selection of dress shoes for men to match, ticking off all major styles. goodyear welted soles feature across much of the range, as do both leather and suede. price: from $170\nsizes: 8-12\nmaterial: 100% bovine leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201clove these shoes! i am a true 8 and ordered and 8. the size is perfect. the heel height is perfect (3in) and easy to walk in. i give comfort a 9 out of 10.\u201d. british luxury clothing brand ted baker has asserted its place within the fashion sphere through predominantly word of mouth, since they don\u2019t really do advertising. ted baker aims to inject humour into its pieces, along with other quirks such as coloured laces or interesting patterns and prints. ted\u2019s dress shoe range encompasses all your classic styles including loafers, derbies, brogues, oxfords and various styles of boots, many of which introduce subtle pops of colour, lending them to being versatile enough to be worn for semi-formal and formal events. price: from $169\nsizes: 7-15\nmaterial: italian leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cgood fit and very comfortable.\u201d. when you\u2019re an official supplier of footwear to the us presidents, then you must be doing something right. that\u2019s certainly the case for johnston & murphy, a footwear and clothing company that can have its history traced back to 1850. in the 170 years since, johnston & murphy has continued to produce high-quality shoes made using traditional techniques that will be guaranteed to last you countless wears. while j&m does blur the lines between formal and casual for its main shoe collection, the company also has a range of dress classics, which comprises several pairs of oxfords in various colours. the company\u2019s xc4 range (which is performance focused) also encomapsses pairs that can be worn in more formal situations. price: from $158\nsizes: 7-13\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cthey are lightweight, comfortable, and simply stylish.\u201d. not just a supplier of shirts and chinos to preppy college boys, j. crew completes the outfit with its own range of footwear. select collections are made in collaboration with other well-known footwear brands, but j. crew\u2019s solo efforts are equally appealing. the dress shoe range is made up of a fair number of loafers which lend themselves to being worn with more semi-formal and business-casual outfits too, alongside derbies, that can be resoled in the future thanks to their goodyear welt construction and well-fitting thanks to a generous selection of sizes. price: from $354\nsizes: 35-50\nmaterial: 100% leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cthe leather is of good quality and they are supremely comfortable.\u201d. doucal\u2019s is something of a revelation within the men\u2019s dress shoe industry. the italian company was only founded in 1973, meaning several of its peers have at least 100 years head start, yet the brand has already cemented itself as one of the big players for men seeking formal footwear everywhere. doucal\u2019s secret is combining the quality and comfort of italian leather, but using it to create shoes in an unmistakably british way. after all, it\u2019s the brits who have really put their stamp on the luxury footwear scene, and imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, right? doucal\u2019s shoe range encompasses all the major styles and colours, and offers select pairs with varying heights of heel to help you achieve the perfect look for you. price: from $259\nsizes: 6.5-12.5\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201corder to the uk, and arrived on time without any problems. shoe itself is perfect, no flaws and looked great. would highly recommend.\u201d. swedish footwear brand myrqvist employs a direct-to-consumer approach so that it can offer customers handcrafted dress shoes for men for a much more affordable price compared to its competitors. leather and suede are sourced from france and the uk respectively, and all shoes are put together in portugal. all dress shoe styles are catered for in myrqvist\u2019s collections, with both leather and suede used across the ranges. in some instances, you can even customise the sole to be either full leather or half-leather and half-rubber. price: from $137\nsizes: 39-48.5\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201coverall, these shoes are probably worth the price-point.\u201d. german footwear brand lloyd was founded in 1905, setting up a factory in sulingen, where it remains today. each pair of lloyd shoes is distinguished by a red stripe found on the bottom of the heel, a mark they have adorned since 1968. while lloyd shoes aren\u2019t all produced by hand, they do at least get seen by real hands for the finishing process. however, the factory production method allows them to not only produce a varied and extensive range but also allows them to be much more affordable than some other brands on this list. you can still be confident of a well-made pair of oxfords or derbies if you invest in this brand as lloyd is keen to uphold its years-long reputation for being a manufacturer of choice for businessmen the world over. price: from $365\nsizes: 5-14\nmaterial: boxcalf leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201ci stumbled on to this shoe of carmina and i can just say they are phenomenal. the craftsmanship and quality is unrivaled.\u201d. this marjorca-based shoemaker has been producing its eclectic range of dress shoes for men on the island since 1866. the fact the company is still going strong today should tell you all you need to know about the quality of the shoes that walk out of the factory. carmina is dedicated to sourcing the finest quality leathers to use for all of its handcrafted shoes and as a strong supporter of the goodyear welt, carmina shoes will last you for many, many miles. price: from $356\nsizes: 6-12\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201ctheir shoes are comfortable, the leather is good quality, they\u2019re generous with the sizes especially if you\u2019re wide footed.\u201d. grenson was founded in the same year as carmina, albeit in northamptonshire, england. although grenson didn\u2019t adopt its company name until 1913, by then it was already well established and, like carmina, was known for its commitment to using the goodyear welt construction method, resulting in durable dress shoes for men that offered style and substance in spades. grenson remains synonymous with luxury and quality today and is best known for its use of brogue detailing across shoes and boots. in fact, it\u2019s hard to find a pair of grenson shoes without the detailing, so if it\u2019s a formal pair of men\u2019s dress shoes that can be worn casually with jeans and a blazer you\u2019re after, grenson is a tough brand to beat. price: from $550\nsizes: 6-14\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201chigh quality shoe with a classic, simple style.\u201d. another prestigious shoemaker to hail from northamptonshire is crockett & jones. the english company, like others on this list, has an illustrious history in the shoemaking game, having been founded in 1879. c&j specialises in goodyear welted footwear and in a bid to retain its high-quality craftsmanship and reputation, remains family-owned to this day. crockett & jones has been the official boot supplier to the british army during wwi and has been on the receiving end of a few awards direct from the british monarchy. with a number of boutiques in high-end fashion destinations including london and paris, c&j represents the absolute pinnacle in quality. price: from $362\nsizes: 5-13\nmaterial: 100% leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cgreat shoe, super stylish, fits true to size.\u201d. paul smith is a british brand that can be consistently relied upon when it comes to quintessential british sartorial style. whether it be suits, shirts or shoes, paul smith has you covered for all bases. paul\u2019s dress shoe range includes oxford and derbies and with them, you can expect 100 per cent leather and comfort guaranteed. price: from $675\nsizes: 6-14\nmaterial: 100% leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cit\u2019s a very unstructured shoe, it has no heel cap and no toe cap and is thus very comfortable to wear.\u201d. italian luxury footwear brand tod\u2019s is perhaps best known for its range of high-end suede driving shoes and loafers, making it the go-to company for summer-orientated footwear. did someone say sprezzatura? price: from $1,285\nsizes: 8-13\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cthe leathers edward green uses are simply superb, among the best in rtw-shoemaking. they have a clean, smooth grain with beautiful aniline dyes and burnished finishing.\u201d. also muscling its way into northamptonshire-based luxury shoemaking is edward green. edward\u2019s shoes were favoured by the likes of ernest hemingway and the duke of windsor shortly after the company found its footing in 1890. the company remains in northern england today and produces around 350 pairs of shoes a week. it might not sound like many, but considering they\u2019re all handcrafted proves just how much time goes into creating each individual pair. edward green also prides itself on its lasts (the \u2018mould\u2019 for want of a better word, that each pair is based on) as they offer unique profiles and supreme comfort. you\u2019ll find pairs encompassing the oxford style, double and single monk straps and even whole-cut shoes, which are made from a single piece of leather. fancy. price: from $1,150\nsizes: 5-13\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cthe shoe is extremely well-made and hardly showcases the wear-n-tear i\u2019ve put it through. none of the stitching has come undone.\u201d. church\u2019s is certainly one of the more famous shoemaking companies to come from northampton, and, likes its peers, was founded in the late 1800s. the company initially had workers producing shoes from their own homes before finally bringing production under one roof, and the company really found its footing when it launched an \u2018adaptive\u2019 collection of shoes that offered customers the chance to essentially customise their dress shoes in various widths, materials and even half-sizes (something not offered by most other rival manufacturers). today, the company continues to exude luxury, with all of their dress shoes for men being put together by hand using soft and supple leathers, goodyear welts and lasts that have quite literally stood the test of time. if you have a pair of church\u2019s in your dress shoe collection then you can confidently claim to be at the top of your footwear game. price: from $1,590\nsizes: 7-12\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cworth every penny and i\u2019ve ordered another pair, so hopefully i\u2019m set for life.\u201d. another brand sitting at the top end of the budget spectrum is john lobb, but there\u2019s a good reason for it. the british company, which started life (and is still best known for) as a boot maker before expanding into dress shoes for men too, is a true master of its craft. minute details on every pair of shoes, such as seamless back pieces and whole cut quarters only add to their luxurious nature, not to mention the use of goodyear welts and hand-finished touches all over to leave you with a pair of shoes that will last numerous wears. john lobb not only has pairs of shoes covering oxfords, monk straps, loafers and derbys, but also offers a bespoke service, allowing you to order a pair of shoes that are cut to fit your exact dimensions. price: from $275\nsizes: 6-15\nmaterial: camello leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201ctop notch quality for the price and craftsmanship is excellent.\u201d. founded in 2014, taft is a men\u2019s footwear brand specialising in unique, bold shoe designs. taft shoes are produced in spain and portugal with premium textiles ranging from suiting wool, to woven upholstery fabric, to charles f. stead leather. meticulous in their work, intentional in their designs, and obsessive over what makes the cut, taft has become well-known for their extremely well-made unique men\u2019s shoes. taft has a huge range of extremely well crafted dress shoes for men, all made with premium leather, in a variety of unique styles that\u2019ll make you stand out in a crowd. price: from $248\nsizes: 7-14\nmaterial: calf leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cpersonally, i like the faux stitching as i think it adds a little elegance and visual balance to the shoe.\u201d. founded in 2013, jack erwin was launched with one sole purpose: to create truly timeless men\u2019s shoes. partnering with the finest factories and artisans in the world, creating custom styles, and eliminating costly markups and middlemen that drive up the costs of other quality men\u2019s dress shoes, jack erwin produces some of the best men\u2019s footwear available that\u2019s surprisingly affordable. modern yet timeless, jack erwin has a huge selection of dress shoes for men that are refined, precise, and unadorned for an extremely reasonable price. price: from $324\nsizes: 5-15\nmaterial: leather\ncustomer reviews: \u201cthe quality of this shoe is outstanding, i was happy and surprised of such a great material.\u201d. founded in 2012, ace marks believes that men shouldn\u2019t have to spend obscene amounts for a handcrafted world-class shoe. using modern technology, to cut out middlemen and their markups, ace marks can directly deliver cleverly contemporary, utterly luxurious shoes (which rival those of the top luxury brands) all at an attainable price. with a huge range of dress shoes for men \u2013 and with every style from monk straps to oxfords on offer \u2013 you\u2019re sure to not only feel comfortable but also make a lavish powerful statement when rocking a pair of ace marks\u2019 men\u2019s dress shoes. get a different perspective on what to wear, what to buy and how to live better from experts whose opinions count. wait until some allen edmonds you like are on sale. they do several every year around major holidays. meermin are some of the best value out there, many models well within that budget.  if you stretch that to [$310](https://meermin.com/products/102620-black-freudenberg-e), their hand welted maestro line is made of some of the best materials you can buy - carl freudenberg calfskin, tanneries du puy lining, j. rendenbach soles.  allen edmonds has nothing on this. +1 for allen edmonds.  if you have an amex card they do have great deals from time to time as well.a great way to stack both is to use amex deal to buy a gift card, and then use that gift card whenever there is a discount at allen edmonds. grant stone is a popular brand here. e - eee widths. allen edmonds. do yourself a favor and get properly fit. a lot of their shoes run aaa to eee in widths. if you take proper care of these shoes they will last you a long time. never wear the same shoes on back to back days, if you can. they need a day to dry out properly, and by all means, spend $20 and buy some spring loaded, split toe, cedar shoe trees. they are the best thing you can do for your shoes. trust me. i have several allen edmonds that are 25-30 years old. i think the tlb mallorca mainline is just over that price.  same for carlos santos.  the meermin handwelted line is good too.  might check jfitizpatrick shoes too.black cap toe oxford is the place to start on your first pair of nice shoes.good quality goodyear welted shoes are bifl. allen edmonds nordstroms rack.dad and i have shoes 40+ years old. rancourt and co is a very good option meermin r/goodyearwelt will know more than most here grant stone their b stock is even better dealedit - its objectively true. go spend a bit of time on r/goodyearwelt and the difference will be very clear. gs is much better quality than allen edmonds meermin for sure. check out /r/goodyearwelt .  they're going to have way more info and knowledge than fmf. alden, meermin, crockett and jones, loake as you mentioned, also don't entirely write off j. crew's lineup as a \"discount\" option. florsheim. for my purposes, (recent college grad, don't wear dress shoes every day currently) the pair i got get the job done well. they pass the looks test and are comfortable enough when i have an event to wear them for. and they are regularly under $70. i have no need to scour ebay for ae quite yet so these will do just fine. if you are looking under $200, there's [beckett simonon](http://www.beckettsimonon.com/) but their leather quality is not pretty. they also said:>can your shoes be re-crafted?damn right! when shoes are well made it\u2019s easy to restore them. however, and we want to be clear in this point. even though a well skilled cobbler can re-craft your shoes and make them look close-to-new, we have seen that the usual price for this process is around $115 to $150. quite expensive, right? at this stage we suggest investing in a new pair of beckett simonon\u2019s, which can cost even less than the re-crafting process.which bear the question on why use goodyear welt construction in the first place?my personal take in that range is [jack erwin](http://jackerwin.com). they just launched [goodyear welted line](http://www.jackerwin.com/collections/sullivan). i haven't handled those gyw line but plan to once they have them in their showroom - their blake construction line is pretty good, better leather quality (a bit thin but what do you expect from that price point)?.there's always meermin, obviously. hard to get if you are in the us tho.for loake, unless it's \"loake 1880\" line, the rest of them are not much better than bonwelted shoes you could find at dsw (or payless). the other thing is to recognize that decent bargain hunting can result in some major deals on allen edmonds. i have 8 pairs, including some mainstays like black park ave and walnut strands. i have bought every single one of them new and haven't paid more than 150 for a single pair. the ubiquitous nature of ae means that large sales are very common. check out the seconds sale right now, shaker heights boots are 127. not a standard like a black cap toe but a fantastic boot at a killer price. this article just popped up today, may be of interest.http://dealnews.com/features/how-to-find-mens-dress-shoes-that-will-last-for-decades/1128295.html they're not popular here but i love my cole haan oxfords. i've had them for 6 years and they're very comfortable and in good condition. i take great care of them and they serve me well.  just got a pair of beckett simonons, pretty pleased with them for 115  i love my cole haans. i would recommend looking into dansko brand shoes. i know of nurses, doctors, and teachers who swear by them. cole hahn had some really nice oxfords that look like dress shoes but are actually sneakers. i do hair and those are a lifesaver. since the pandemic, i haven't seen anyone wearing traditional, hard dress shoes. [allen edmonds factory seconds](https://www.allenedmonds.com/factory-second-shoes-boots/?srule=price-low-to-high&start=1&sz=54)seconds mean that there are small/hard to notice cosmetic defects, hence the discount, and there's plenty of choices in your price range. most models are rebuildable and if so, they will last you a very long time.i could run a marathon in my ae's, some of the most comfy shoes i own. sizing is important, however! if you have a good idea of your brannock size (aka that metal thing you stick your foot in) it's a good place to start, but i would recommend going to nordstroms or an ae store to pinpoint your ae size. as u/bad-monkey wrote, sizing is important. your feet will swell if you\u2019re on them all day so you may need to buy a half size larger to allow for end of day swelling. if you try shoes on, it\u2019s always better to try them on at the end of a work day to ensure they will fit and be comfortable. when you try on shoes, be sure to wear the type of socks you plan to wear with those shoes. socks are important. some socks have a thicker/cushiony sole which may add comfort. some socks are \u201cwicking\u201d, meaning they wick away the moisture/sweat from your feet. socks that do that usually say so on the packaging. arch support and insoles. a good shoe should fit against the bottom of your foot and give some arch support. some shoes have softer insoles which make them more comfortable to stand in for long periods of time. you might consider checking out thrift stores, especially if you\u2019re in or near a nicer area of town. high end hardly worn items show up in thrift stores so it\u2019s worth a try if you have the time, but it is a treasure hunt that takes time. if you know people who regularly visit thrift stores you can ask them to look for good quality shoes on your behalf\u2026 if you\u2019re ok with wearing thrifted items. red wing postman\u2019s have served generations of postman on their feet all day everyday.go to a red wing store get fitted properly; don\u2019t let them just check sizes but widths.you will pay more up front but if you maintain them they can be resoled easily. ecco dress shoes (not to be confused with ecko). you can find them at nordstrom rack. if you\u2019re fortunate to live close to a last chance you can find them for half the price as nordstrom rack. they are the most comfortable dress shoes that also look great. bonus they have non slip soleshttps://www.nordstromrack.com/search?origin=keywordsearch&keyword=ecco%20shoes%20for%20men&position=1&typein=ecco%20mens dansko professional series clogs. dress shoes are nothing without inserts. talk to a podiatrist and get one fitted. it will change your life and give you 100x more energy at the end of the day. love that 90% of the recommendations in this thread are mall trash that will barely last a year. so much for bifloplook at grant stone, allen edmonds, and red wing postman's. merrill shoes. disclaimer: i will update my list if i come upon another quality brand.edit: **before you buy guide, ordered by priority:**1. definitely make sure your feet **fit**, **the flaps with the eyelets** (above the tongue) **should not form a v-shape** or the shoes are too small for you - d, e, ee, eee, f, or g widths are different between each company2. **goodyear welt or hand welting** is preferred. you should not see large glue deposits, or welt stitches inside the shoe--on top of the insole. buy blake stitch if you really like the design but know that the blake stitching process creates ingress points for water and requires new holes to be made in the insole with each resole.3. **real vegtan leather heel stacks are highly preferred, stay away from most** **designer shoes** with plastic heel stacks which are a cobbler's nightmare4. **oak bark tanned leather sole preferred**, metal toe plates and combination jr heels are highly preferred for early wear areas (jr soles are highly renowned for quality)5. **cork**, a well made shoe should conform to wear, some second hand shoes are unwearable if the cork has completely moulded into an impression of the original owner's footdouble leather or single leather soles are not exactly an indication of quality. a great company will offer double leather sole options.&#x200b;[high quality check](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukfo_x8c2ek), not in order:1. **renowned tannery** like horween, or cf stead (i wouldn't recommend shell cordovan in rain or snow or people who cba to maintain them)2. blind / **closed-channel stitching**3. **bevelled** or slightly bevelled soles4. leather upper **thickness**, the thicker the better for less creasing5. check for a **leather** or fibre board counter in the heel (heels should feel reinforced)6. quality of the welt canvas7. **size of indentation** beneath the arch of your foot8. quality shoes have leather uppers that have been hand-pulled and are **tucked tightly** into the sole9. a leather, wooden, or even metal **shank** should be under the insole--the shank material doesn't really matter, edward green uses beachwood but i would prefer a metal shank for daily drivers10. count **stitches per inch** of the upper and the welt if possible (ae usually has 10-12 spi, meermin has 15 spi, most quality brands hover 12 spi, most luxury quality brands have 16 or 20 spi)11. **purposeful welt fudging** (indents one the sole), a well made shoe has welt fudging that is both artistic and purposeful (e.g. a pair of crockett & jones has sole stitching that is aligned with the welt fudging creating a seamless appearance)12. brass nails **under the toe** or heel block13. **metal toe plate** option (vass and carmina)&#x200b;i've watched a lot of youtube content surrounding this topic (like elegant oxford, kirby allison, and trenton & heath) and own a pair of shoes in each of the price brackets below. off the top of my head the price brackets are somewhat like this:&#x200b;\\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ **quality starters** \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~**\\[highly recommendeded\\]** \\~100 cad: [allen edmonds \\[preowned and factory seconds\\]](https://www.ebay.com/str/steves-name-brand-shoes?_trksid=p2047675.l2563), [\\[cad link\\]](https://www.ebay.ca/usr/dabondo1), sold by family owned dabondo1, there may be cod depending on cost, courier, etc.\\~250 usd: [meermin mallorca](https://meermin.com/) \\- satisfactory craftsmanship for the money, high upper stitch density, cod<300 cad: [allen edmonds](https://www.allenedmonds.com/) \\- park avenues are renowned, [very industrially made so there are the occasional/rare defects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf8mzr669ne), made in usa, usually no cod (i see that there's cod if you require expedited shipping)**\\[highly recommended\\]** \\~300 usd: [**tlb mallorca**](https://www.tlbmallorca.com/) \\- fibre board counter, satisfactory craftsmanship for the money, slightly bevelled waists, codoptional 300 usd: [j.fitzpatrick](https://www.jfitzpatrickfootwear.com/) \\- occasional deals, several contemporary designs, satisfactory craftsmanship for the money, cod&#x200b;\\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ **premium quality** \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~300-500 cad: [hartt on sale](https://hartt.ca/collections/dress-shoes) \\- [no shank?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmlbgx5j9zm), quality shoes but they're not worth >500 cad, combination material soles, designed in canada, made in spain, the director line of shoes have bevelled waists but no closed channel stitching?, no cod\\~500 cad: [carmina](https://www.carminashoemaker.com/) \\- [quality breakdown](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guvns4-nzvi), great craftsmanship for the money, [270 degree goodyear welt and stitched rand/welt around the heel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18jemzyafpk), closed channel stitching, slightly bevelled waists, metal toe plate option, discounted to remove vat, ceta cod?\\~530 cad: [tlb mallorca artista \\[mehra link\\]](https://www.shopmehra.com/collections/tlb-mallorca) \\- great craftsmanship for the money, slightly bevelled waists, leather counter, rubber or leather sole, no cod**\\[highly recommended\\]** \\~400 usd: [tlb mallorca custom](https://www.tlbmallorca.com/customize) \\- superb craftsmanship for the money, **bevelled waists**, leather counter, double leather sole option, jr sole option, codoptional 300 - 900 usd: [leffot](https://leffot.com/) \\- preowned alden, edward green, gaziano and girling, john lobb, carmina, crockett and jones, etc, codoptional \\~400 usd: [handwelted meermin mallorca](https://meermin.com/) \\- high upper stitch density, handwelted, jr soles, slightly bevelled waist, cod&#x200b;\\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ **luxury quality** \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~\\[i personally recommend\\] \\~900 cad: [vass \\[mto\\]](https://www.gtashoeshine.com/vass-made-to-order) \\- hand welted, many sole options (jr, vibram, combination), shell cordovan and exotic leather options, long wait time (8-12 weeks), no codoptional \\~900 cad:[carmina \\[shell cordovan or custom models only\\]](https://www.carminashoemaker.com/), jr soles, slightly bevelled waists, [270 degree goodyear welt and stitched rand/welt around the heel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18jemzyafpk), exotic leather options, metal toe plate option, ceta cod?[alden](https://shoplostfound.com/) \\- more contemporary or rustic designs, some have steel shanks, may have to preorder, no cod[crockett and jones](https://www.gsdouville.com/en/categorie-produit/shoes/) \\- classic english oxfords, i would consider other shoes that are more feature rich at this price point, no cod&#x200b;\\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ **money is no object** \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~ \\~these are prestige brands. often times the **rtw line** is **not** very feature rich / not worth your money. the same features of an edward green or john lobb can be found at a lower price point.\\~600 gbp: crocket and jones \\[hand grade models only\\]\\~950 gbp: gaziano and girling \\[mto models only\\]\\>1200 gbp/1600 usd:edward green \\[mto models only\\]john lobb \\[prestige or limited editions models only\\]2000-8000 usd: bespoke - bespoke shoes are when a wooden last is carved into the shape of your foot as well as having a completely unique shoe tree. i've never owned a bespoke shoe but be careful. some bespoke shoes are made completely bespoke and some are alterations of a pre-existing design. canada west moorby 2806 and 2837, made in canada and goodyear welted.edit: 2806 is on sale on [reddhart](https://reddhart.ca/product/2806-mens-wm-moorby-footwear-by-canada-west-2/) for $199, seems like an amazing deal sydneys is decent, i think they're blake stitched but i dont remember. loding and s&m are both pretty good at around $300~ allen edmons park ave. sometimes can nab them on sale for closer to $250.a step-down quality and price wise is cole haan, but the henry grand blucher oxford and jay grand wingtips i have (both got for under $125 from amazon) are extremely comfortable and have lasted well. those look like corrected grain leather even though they say it\u2019s boxed calf leather.i\u2019d also like to suggest buying loake through a cobbler i use. coakley\u2019s shoe repair is the name of the shop.you can also check out loding. hey i'd look at johnston and murphy. i've bought some gorgeous dress shoes of all kinds from them. very reasonably priced and they last a long time. my oldest pair is about 10 years old with no sign of breaking down. just care for them. there's an oxford from thursday boot co. it's $180 and gyw construction.[https://thursdayboots.com/products/mens-shoe-executive-black](https://thursdayboots.com/products/mens-shoe-executive-black)i personally have 2 pairs of ae 2nds that were about $350/ea all-in. if you can save up a bit more you could probably try john doe shoes. get a nice tannerie d\u2019annonay calf. otherwise meermin\u2019s are nice (customer service not the best and difficult returns), heard good about spier & mackay, etc. brodawka and friends appears to have 25% off of their shoes right now with code: you look fantastic!  that puts them close to your price range.they're goodyear welted and made in portugal. i have some derbys from them that i like, but i'm not that knowledgeable about shoes. i went down a size. they have a location in toronto if you want to try them on and live in the area.https://brodawkaandfriends.com/collections/men-s-collection in addition to allen edmonds, you could look into meermin get allen edmonds factory seconds.  the standard answer for this price range would be allen edmonds. i bought a pair of the strands second hand and they have been great. you could also ask in one of the simple questions threads over in /r/goodyearwelt (there's one up today right [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/goodyearwelt/comments/5u0clk/simple_questions_sq_thread_021417/)). they know what they're talking about.i should add that a lot of them will retail for more than $200, but it is a very easy shoe to find on ebay or grailed if you are comfortable with buying used. again, this is what i did and i definitely don't regret it. allen edmonds also has frequent sales on old stock or seconds (shoes with small defects) so you could check out their website too. they also sell them at nordstrom so you could head over there to find your size and then look online for better deals. ultra boosts  loake or allen edmonds. for more suggestions post on r/goodyearwelt meermin, beckett and simonon, jack erwin. second-hand allen edmonds. check out this ebay store: http://stores.ebay.com/stevesnamebrandshoes/i just bought a pair of fifth avenues from there \"used once\" and they are in perfect shape. nordstrom rack? i've been really happy with my florsheims. i've had them almost two years now and though i've beaten them up and had the heel pad replaced twice, they're still a great shoe. most common suggestions around 200 are meermin, jack erwin, allen edmonds, and velasca.  for a bit more you could pick up alden, paul evans, meermin linea maestro, yanko, andrew lock, kent wang, or ed et al.  that being said, here are lots of good ones around that price point: **~$150*** gordon & bros (spain)* bexley (france)**~$200*** beckett simonon (portugal/columbia)^1* meermin (spain/china) * jack erwin (spain/china) * velasca (italy)* berwick (spain)* loding (spain)* shoemakers hong kong (hong kong)* charles tyrwhitt [welted ones] (england/china)^2* johnston & murphy [aristocraft line] (india)^2**~$250*** allen edmonds (usa)^3* herring [classic range] (england)* duggers of london (spain)* pediwear (england)* septieme largeur (spain) * finsbury (italy)* grand voyage (italy)^1**~$300*** loake [1880 line] (england)* m. gemi (italy)^1* meermin [linea maestro]* magnanni (spain)* jalan sriwiyaja (indonesia)* howard yount (italy)* scarosso (italy)* il gergo (italy)**~$350*** barker (england)* markowski [esp. prince jorge line] (spain)* yanko/shoeparadis.com (spain)* andrew lock (spain)* kent wang/d.c. lewis (vietnam)* ed et al (singapore) * shoepassion (spain)* andres sendra (spain)**~$400*** paul evans (italy)* grenson (england)* christian kimber (spain)* union imperial (japan)* alden (usa) ^1 trendier styles &/or weird inventory^2 these may be more easily attainable, but may not be quite the same quality for money ^3 this cheap if you can get them on sale or as factory secondsfor more model-specific suggestions under 100 and 200: https://dappered.com/2012/05/the-10-best-looking-dress-shoes-under-100/https://dappered.com/2015/01/the-best-mens-dress-shoes-under-200-of-2015/ why do you feel the need to spend $700? if you can't tell the difference between a $700 and $200 shoe then i wouldn't recommend dropping that kind of money, unless of course you have a lot of disposable income and $700 has no meaning to you which is a different story. personally i like allen edmonds and johnston and murphy, both of which are well under $700 especially johnston and murphy. both are designed to last long and are good quality.  ferragamo is not considered high end in the shoe world. it is a designer shoe and you are paying for the name. the construction looks like it is blake stitch at best but it might not be that. you are looking for good year welt which the sole can be replaced if needed.do yourself a favor, if you want to spend that much on a pair of shoes i would consider carmina to be the best at that price range you are looking for.https://www.carminashoemaker.com/mens-oxford-shoes check out the english shoemakers, church's, loake, barker, john lobb, joseph cheaney & sons, tricker's, crockett & jones, grenson, gaziano & girlingif i remember correctly church's are owned by prada now and make their shoes in italy? the rest are made in england, or at least have made in england lines. downside is im not sure how easy they will be to get in canada. not all ae are bulky.  the fifth avenue (and non-brogue version park avenue) look very similar to the salvatore ferragamo shoes you linked and would be much higher quality.i don't know how willing you are to do this, but i never buy shoes new anymore.  it's so easy to find shoes (especially ae) for at least 40% off on ebay, barely used.  i just got a new pair of ae daltons ($445) for $165+$10 shipping on ebay.  my own pair of park avenues was obtained for about $135.i was thinking about this yesterday - my first pair of formal dress shoes was a black cap toe oxford made by mr. b's (aldo's purportedly \"high quality\" branch... should have known).  i paid something like $220 for a pair of shoes that have terrible quality leather (wrinkled like an old lady the first wear).  if i had to do over, i would have bought used ae in a second (or whatever non-ae brand you prefer). ferragamo apparently has a higher end line that's comparable in quality to traditional shoemakers. i'm not sure if the pair you're looking at fall into that category. i don't think you need to spend that much on your first pair of fine dress shoes but if you really like them, and you can comfortably afford it, it's probably not as terrible a decision as others are saying. but know that there are more economical options available at the same quality level with subjectively similar good looks.  https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/2sekak/leather_shoe_shiningcare_for_the_common_man/ if you're at harry rosen, consider the allen edmonds bloor street. i snagged an immaculate pair on the shoebank for a great price. it's similar to the park avenues except it has a combination heel, v-tread rubber half sole, and a longer cap. it also has a poron insole vs a leather one which can be a pro or con depending on your preference.edit: can't read. disregard, lol. check shell cordovan leather, its amazing go into an allen edmonds store. they will fit you and walk you thru how to take care of your shoes. check out /r/goodyearwelt -- essentially, you'll want a shoe that uses stitched construction so it can be resoled and/or recrafted when the sole wears, and that uses full grain leather that will patina over time. also consider cordovan, a leather from the muscular rump of a horse. classic styles made by us and english shoe companies are still professional standards in the united states.as others have mentioned, allen edmonds offers a good entry-level high-end shoe in a variety of sizes and is readily found in the states. there are great sale prices on the brand. it's important to find a last and size that properly fits your foot: allen edmonds is easy to find, so it's easy to try shoes on for a proper fit. most allen edmonds shoes do not have a removable insole -- if you use an orthotic, you'll want to account for that when you are fitted. if you are just seeking a comfortable insole, most high-end shoes use a leather insole and cork midsole that will form to your foot over time.several other brands are priced near allen edmonds retail prices, but are not as readily available for fit determination purposes, and typically aren't discounted as much. carmina, meermin, alden, crockett & jones and others are a few brands to compare. higher end brands offer better leather and nicely beveled waists, but until you get to hand-stitched custom last shoes, you will experience diminishing returns.i'm including my prior posted advice on essential shoe styles:my recommended list is comprised of five shoes apart from sport shoes, but only two or three are deemed essential.  first, understand the formality spectrum: an oxford (sometimes called a balmoral, but balmoral refers to an oxford with a horizontal stitch across the quarter; further confusing the issue is that some americans call any laced shoe an oxford) are more formal than a blucher (also called a derby) .  excepting the opera slipper, the less ornamentation on the shoe, the more formal it is.  a whole cut oxford requires a large piece of good leather, and is a formal city shoe.  a brogue is a country shoe: it typically uses several smaller pieces of leather, and the perforations, aside from hiding imperfections, were originally designed to drain water from a marsh. next, consider the formality of your lifestyle, namely: (a) how often do you wear a suit? (b) how often do you wear a tux? (c) what is your work environment? also consider your location in terms of (d) formality and (e) climate.  while the u.s. is generally less formal than europe, our major financial centers (new york, boston, chicago, dallas, atlanta), d.c. and a few other major cities remain somewhat formal.  finally, look at your wardrobe and individual style in terms of colors, particularly pant colors.  [understand which shoe colors match which pant colors.](http://www.thefineyounggentleman.com/pants/what-color-shoes-to-wear-with-what-color-pants/)now my list \u2013 depending upon your needs and style you should have at least two, of which one should be 1, 2, or 3, and preferably three of the 5 (and two from 1, 2 or 3):(1)\tblack formal shoe; typically a cap toe oxford; may adjust +/- 1 on the formality spectrum.  purchase this shoe if you wear suits more multiple times per week or live in one of the aforementioned formal cities.  while a cap toe can work with a tux, upgrade the style to a whole cut if you also wear a tux at least quarterly.  if you wear a tux more than twice a month for society events (not as a work dress code), consider purchasing an opera pump.  if you own more than one suit, but only wear a suit once a week or less, and also have black pants in your wardrobe, you can adjust formality down to a quarter brogue / punch cap (e.g. allen edmonds fifth avenue) or adelaide.  for men that only own one suit, and it\u2019s (preferably) navy, rarely wear the one pair of black pants in their wardrobe, and rent tuxes, shoe 1 may not be necessary.  (2)\tanother formal shoe, dark brown spectrum, which includes dark wine colors such as merlot and burgundy.  if you don\u2019t own a black shoe, don\u2019t buy a dark brown one, but go with burgundy or merlot: dark brown shoes do not pair with black pants, burgundy and merlot will (if you wear black pants more than twice a month, buy a black shoe 1).  if (a) you wear suits often or have a need for a black formal shoe, 2 can be a step down or equal in formality to your black shoe (cap toe or punch cap). if (b) you have one suit, it\u2019s  navy, and wear it at least once a month, (2) should be a cap toe.now for a discussion of american style: while a brogue is considered an informal shoe, our greatest generation came from humble beginnings, saved the world and, thanks to the g.i. bill, were extremely upwardly mobile.  many of them favored a long-wing blucher (\u201clwb\u201d) in a budapester-style often known as a gunboat.  thanks to them, wingtips are acceptable with a suit in the united states.  if you rarely wear a suit (once a quarter or less), live outside one of the aforementioned cities and don\u2019t work in a formal industry or environment, you may be able to use a brogue (wing tip) as your most formal shoe.(3)\tshoe 3 is either a different shade of dark brown, or a color from the medium to light brown spectrum, which includes nut and tobacco shades.  if you don\u2019t own shoe 1, this should be a shoe that can see light to medium duty with a suit.  if you own shoe 2, this can be a casual blucher.  i prefer a semi-brogue (e.g. allen edmonds strand) for versatility, or a wingtip of either the oxford or blucher variety, although some of the more proper types will cringe at a wingtip oxford (e.g. allen edmonds mcallister) as an improper blend of styles [i favor it, even though i eschew button-down shirts with suits].as far as soles, leather is the formal sole material.  1 & 2 should be leather, but can be a inconspicuous rubber such as a v-tread or topy if your environment  deems it appropriate.  3 should be the same, but dainite also works with a casual shoe.(4)\tshoe 4 is a regional shoe, preferably a boot, but possibly a rainy-day shoe (such as a dainite-soled casual shoe (including dressed-down dress styles)).  in my home state of texas, it\u2019s a cowboy boot (and, outside of dallas and banking and law, it is acceptable to wear it with a suit).  in other parts, it has a sole to handle winter conditions.  in casual places, it\u2019s closer to a work boot (upper midwest) or a hiking boot (mid-america or the rockies).  in certain cities, it may combine with shoe number 3 (e.g. an oxford dress boot or even the allen edmonds dalton).(5)\tshoe 5 is a casual, lifestyle shoe that is acceptable in your location.  think penny loafer, boat shoe, camp moc, a second or inclement weather boot. to ensure your shoes last, care for the leather (moisturize, polish, and sometimes wax), use shoe trees and let the leather rest at least twice as long as it is on your foot. samuel windsor has good quality and price. less good than customs but a big step up from high street offerings i have a pair of doc martins which are really nice. budget as well as the level of formality/elegance you need will make a big difference.go for stitched construction if you want bifl. go for quality leather, and not too thin (as can sometimes be the case on fancy \"jewel\" dress shoes).as for personal experience, i've been wearing crockett & jones, jm weston, heschung & tricker's shoes (from very formal to slightly casual) for over a decade and all of them proved great (4 have been resoled, and my older ones, crockett's, look better now than when i bought them in my opinion). the only brand worth a damn that supports orthodic insoles out of the box natively is allen edmonds and you'll have to search specifically for their orthodics friendly models.  there may be others....but ae is the only one that springs to mind. scrounge thrift stores for stuff made in england or usa.  truly good shoes shoes  today cost $300 or so. if buying new allen edmonds is a good bet. just bought myself a pair of boss loafers with the bottom plate done in carbon fiber....they look fabulous and i can pretty much step on anything sharp without worry shout out to clarks shoes. their cobbler line of bostonians are exactly what i'd recommend.  cole haans are nice but if you are looking to step up your game, i highly recommend allen edmunds. find a store and have them fit by a salesperson. once i got them broken in, they fit like a glove. cole haan zerogrand. dunham \"bryce oxford\" for me. they run $70-100 and tend to last me about 2-3 years per pair. previous shoes (22 years in sales, 9 years in car sales) always lasted about 8-14 months and these fit my custom orthotics. i'm also a heavy big guy and the 4e width is great (finally) buy 2 quality pair of leather shoes and a wood shoe treerotate them each day and religiously use the shoe treeallen edmunds will last over 20 years (i'm on year 17 with mine) and they will always look good there are other brands but edmunds is the best value for a well made shoe - look for the sales for a pair of 5th avenue to start my best shoes are john lobb but those are around $1400, also love my aldens at around  $450 and my crockett & jones at $600-1000. this question gets posted every so often, and i feel like i must be the only car salesman to wear boots. ariat western boots, square or round toe. the boot is hidden under your pants legs, the black leather looks professional, and i average 2 years per pair. averaging 18,000 steps a day on hot asphalt, they hold up great, give good arch and back support, and are reasonably comfortable without sacrificing durability. the only correct answer ecco or cole haan. i swear by my shoes from aldo.  seriously, $30-40 and my feet/back have never felt better please review our most [frequently asked questions](/r/askcarsales/wiki/index) to see if your question has already been answered.you may find these sections particularly useful;* [how to pick a car?](/r/askcarsales/wiki/vehicle_selection) you might also have luck in the /r/whatcarshouldibuy subreddit. also remember to add flair to your post by clicking the \"flair\" link beneath it. this lets us know where you're located so we can assist you better.*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/askcarsales) if you have any questions or concerns.* ***thanks for posting, /u/that_competition_280! this comment is a copy of your post so readers can see the original text if your post is edited or removed. this comment is not accusing you of anything.***anyone that\u2019s in car sales, what brand of dress shoes have worked out the best for you? i\u2019ve found that my ecco shoes have lasted the longest and seem to be the most comfortable but i\u2019m thinking about switching it up if i can find something just as good. the hot pavement just beats the crap out of the shoes.*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/askcarsales) if you have any questions or concerns.* ariat cowboy boots from the article:1.  allen edmonds2.  johnston and murphy3.  clarks4.  cole haan5.  florsheim should probably be noted that this is for the american market. i find allen edmonds very over priced here in europe. do people really use overshoes? i live in ne and just smoked by cole haan wingtips walking from the car to the office and don't want to do it again.  >it was developed in 1869 by charles goodyear jr., the son of\u00a0that\u00a0goodyear for whom the tire company was posthumously named.  or you know, the son of the man that developed vulcanized rubber. it is to note that bluchers and derbies are different. also that balmorals are oxfords but not all oxfords are balmorals. can someone clarify the difference between open and closed lacing? they look identical in the picture allen edmonds is tops for a good entry into quality shoes in the american market. their size range is incredible, and even though most of their styles now retail over $400, they run 3-4 really good sales throughout the year where you can get first quality shoes for like $160 (that low is usually for clearance styles, but still, a lot can be had under $200.) they just had a sale where you could get some of the oak street styles for about $140. i have a few ae pairs now, and they're great.  oxford or nothing. saved.am getting married in june, but my fitting isn't until next month.all i know is, she gets to pick the colors, and she wants me to wear oxfords, not brogues. i have no idea what that means, but we've watched kingsman a lot."

----------

"please enable js and disable any ad blocker. content is created by cnn underscored\u2019s team of editors who work independently from the cnn newsroom. when you buy through links on our site, we may earn a commission. learn more. we rounded up 10 staffers to put more than a dozen pairs of leggings to the test. our testers (who wear a range of sizes and have some pretty strong opinions on leggings) judged each pair on quality, comfort, style and more. after weeks of testing, one stood out as the best workout leggings on the market (and you can find more of our favorite leggings in our comprehensive best leggings guide). the lululemon brand is practically synonymous with the word \u201cathleisure,\u201d and whether you love it or love to hate it, one thing is certain: lululemon makes some seriously fantastic leggings. yes, $98 may seem like a steep price to pay, but if you\u2019re serious about your fitness and/or yoga gear, you won\u2019t be able to find anything better than the lululemon align pant. touching the fabric of the align is a sensation like none other, giving new meaning to the phrase \u201cbuttery soft.\u201d (one of our testers may or may not have audibly oohed and aahed the first time she put them on.) that luxurious material translates into an extremely comfortable wearing experience, which showed in our testing when the align pant scored perfect marks for everyday comfort and stretch. but don\u2019t let that soft material fool you \u2014 these leggings can handle any workout you throw at them. when it came to high-impact, super-sweaty activities, they held up remarkably, achieving nearly perfect marks. we were quick to understand what people mean when they say they truly forget they\u2019re wearing any leggings at all with these on. we especially loved the material of these leggings, and how lightweight yet opaque they were. plus, its high waistband was remarkably secure and remained supportive throughout workouts. one tester had an issue with the waistband rolling, but that seemed to be an issue due to sizing. based on our experience (and on plenty of customer reviews noting the same), we might recommend sizing down one size for the best fit. the aligns were by far the best workout leggings we tested, but there are a few caveats: the material is a bit too thin to wear on cold days outdoors for an extended time. you could run to get the mail, but anything more than that and your legs might start feeling chilly. also, according to our long-term wearers on staff, they tend to pill on the inner thighs over time if you don\u2019t have a thigh gap \u2014 and honestly, how many of us do? \u2014 but it isn\u2019t terribly noticeable and has never resulted in holes or tearing. the align pant is available in sizes 0 through 20, and in three inseams: 25-inch, 28-inch and 31-inch (they see you, tall people!). color offerings depend on the inseam, with the cropped version coming in 17 colors and patterns, the middle inseam in nine and the tallest inseam in four. with a basic silhouette, the pair also features a hidden waistband pocket big enough to fit a credit card, small stash of cash or key. the lululemon align pant leggings\u2019 lightweight yet opaque material will have yogis, cyclists and any fitness fanatic, really, forgetting they\u2019re wearing any leggings at all. the align\u2019s buttery soft and super-stretchy fabric was unlike any other we tested, and it\u2019s sure to keep you feeling comfortable and supported no matter what your workout entails. we researched the top leggings on the market and considered staff-recommended pairs that our editors have worn for years \u2014 for both working out and everyday wear, across a range of prices \u2014 and settled on a pool of 13 to put to the test. we wore each legging several times, both before and after washing it, during high-impact, sweaty workouts as well as for lounging around the house and low-impact everyday activities to determine how comfortable each pair was overall. we considered whether the waistband rode up or rolled down during workouts, and if the leggings pinched or were otherwise uncomfortable to wear. we washed each pair at least four times, noting if running them through typical wash and dry cycles resulted in any noticeable pilling, fading or change in softness; we also observed whether the leggings attracted lint and pet hair, and used additional anecdotal evidence about durability from staffers with any long-term experience with leggings we tested. we looked at whether sizing was accurate and aligned with our normal sizes and if the leggings fit well across a range of body types. we also considered the range of sizes, inseams and colors available, as well as factored in our collective (albeit subjective, of course) thoughts about each pair\u2019s stylishness. we noted when pairs had fewer seams (which often results in less chafing, more comfort and a more flattering fit overall) and if they were designed with a gusset (a piece of material sewn into the crotch area to reinforce it, resulting in a more durable legging). finally, we gave every pair the \u201csquat test\u201d to see how opaque the material was, noted how moisture-wicking the fabric seemed to be during runs/workouts, looked at how much stretch and movement the fabric had and considered whether the leggings were crafted using eco-friendly, sustainable and/or organic materials. based on the categories and testing procedures listed above, we gave all leggings a score in each subcategory, combined those numbers for a maximum score in each category, then totaled those numbers for a final overall score. we broke down the scores as follows:. we also took value into consideration, weighing the leggings\u2019 price points against their quality. if you\u2019re looking for a legging that does it all, you can\u2019t go wrong with the athleta salutation stash pocket ii 7/8 tight. in fact, in our overall guide to the best leggings, we named them the best overall leggings. featuring pockets big enough to stash things like your phone or wallet, we loved this pair for its comfort during workouts and everyday activities alike, high-quality construction, secure waistband and chic aesthetic. if you want to know more and see why we named them the best, check out our full best guide here. in our testing, we named the zella live in leggings as the best pair to wear as pants, thanks to their durable, slightly heavier weight, compressive but nonconstricting fabric and ability to pair with virtually anything. check out our full thoughts here. if you\u2019re not looking to shell out as much cash, the colorful koala yoga pants are a more wallet-friendly option to the other winners. they\u2019re soft, comfortable leggings \u2014 with substantial pockets to boot \u2014 that we found as much a pleasure to wear during workouts as we did lounging around the house. they\u2019re also available in a whopping 33 colorways, so you\u2019re sure to find one that suits your style \u2014 or several. read more about these budget leggings here. while this pair didn\u2019t quite have that \u201csecond skin\u201d-type stretch to it as the lululemon aligns did, we were still impressed by their comfort and performance. we appreciated their supportive but nonconstricting waistband, their opacity and their smooth, soft feel to the touch. some long-term wearers of the wunder unders have noted they\u2019ve held up exceedingly well after years of washes, with no pilling, lint or fading to note, making them a worthy investment for their nearly three-figure price tag. our testers considered this pair stylish enough to wear outside of the gym (they also have a hidden waistband pocket big enough to fit a credit card), and their thicker fabric makes them a good choice to wear in chillier weather too. that said, some of us felt the material was a little too thick and constricting for optimally comfortable workouts in warmer weather, and one found the waistband to sometimes roll beneath her belly button during workouts, which wasn\u2019t ideal. if, however, you\u2019re looking for leggings that feel a bit more like shapewear and give you that \u201cheld in\u201d feeling \u2014 and/or you want a good pair for running outdoors when the weather isn\u2019t sweltering \u2014 these are a great option that have proven excellent at standing up to years of wear. they\u2019re available in sizes 00 through 20, in 25-inch and 28-inch inseams and seven colors. we found these leggings to be very comfortable for everyday wear, and they racked up a perfect score in opacity, passing the squat test with flying colors. each pair is made from recycled water bottles (25 of \u2019em, to be exact), and we\u2019re big fans of girlfriend collective\u2019s ethos of creating sustainable garments and upholding ethical work environments. a few other things we loved about these leggings: they\u2019re available in perhaps the widest range of sizes of all the pairs we tested, from xxs through 6xl (for context, they accommodate waists from 22.5 to 52 inches and hips from 32 to 62.5 inches), and their three inseams also span a wide range (19.5, 23.75 and 28.5 inches), so finding the ideal length no matter your height is in the bag. from our experience, they seem to be true to size. the leggings are available in six colors as well as seven additional limited-edition colors at the moment. they also wash and dry beautifully, looking as good as new after several wash cycles. the material, true to this product\u2019s name, is compressive without feeling restrictive, plus the leggings also feature much-coveted small side pockets. this pair ultimately didn\u2019t snag a winning spot, however, because we found them to be a bit too stiff for comfortable high-impact workouts, and our testers had mixed feelings about the waistband consistently staying put throughout an exercise session. if you\u2019re looking for a pair of everyday leggings that you can feel good about wearing, though, we think these are a solid pair \u2014 and we appreciate the brand\u2019s commitment to inclusive sizing and eco-friendly manufacturing. long considered a budget-friendly pair comparable to the ranks of lululemon\u2019s align, we sought out to see if the comparison was warranted. what we found was a legging that delivers a whole lot for a relatively paltry price tag. available in a whopping 41 colors and patterns, aesthetically these leggings are a no-frills pair that indeed feel almost as buttery soft as the aligns, albeit a tad less sturdy. (they also feature a tiny hidden waistband pocket, like the align.) while most of us found them to be as comfortable for intense workouts as for lounging around the house, nearly forgetting we were wearing any leggings at all, one tester did have some issues with the waistband, which tended to roll down consistently during runs. a few other reasons we didn\u2019t ultimately name the crz yoga leggings our best budget pair: larger sizes tended to be less opaque, and the fabric attracted more lint and pet hair than we\u2019d prefer. still, after several washes, we didn\u2019t observe any noticeable pilling or fading, and they remained as soft and comfortable as the first wear. we also appreciated that these leggings are available in sizes xxs through xxl, a wider range than most of the budget pairs we tested. the colorful koala leggings edged out this pair by just a tiny margin, pushed ahead because of their convenient larger pockets and a more secure waistband. and like with the colorful koala leggings, if you\u2019re on the taller side, you might find the cropped length a tad too short, namely for outdoor wear in colder weather, but they are also available in a 28-inch inseam (again, though, we didn\u2019t test the full-length option ourselves). given this pair\u2019s over-15,000 5-star ratings and $10 price point, we knew we had to try it for ourselves to see what all the hype could be about. could all these customers be wrong? well, yes and no. for 10 bucks, you get what you\u2019d expect: a super-comfortable pair of leggings, and that\u2019s about it. unlike all the other leggings in our testing pool, this pair is not designed with a gusset, meaning that it\u2019s more likely to be prone to tearing at the crotch area. while the leggings scored high marks in the opaque and stretchiness categories, and they\u2019re soft both inside and out, they\u2019re not optimal for working out, as the material is a bit too thick for ideal comfort during a sweat sesh, and they didn\u2019t seem to be very sweat-wicking either (not a surprise given their low price point). if you\u2019re looking for a pair to lounge around or sleep in and not much else, though? these will do just fine, and you won\u2019t break the bank stocking up on a few. they\u2019re also available in a staggering 44 colors and patterns. we were pleasantly surprised by this pair, given their budget price point. the old navy leggings retained their shape and color really well (even after multiple washes), were exceedingly comfy and breathable, and are designed in an unassuming way that makes wearing them as part of a nonworkout outfit easy-breezy. the full-length leggings are not only available in sizes xs through xxl, but they also come in three inseams: 26.5, 28 and 31 inches, the latter of which (bonus for the taller folks in the room) is among the longest inseams offered out of all the pairs we tested. while they are crafted with a moisture-wicking poly-spandex blend, they didn\u2019t ultimately snag a winning spot, as we found the colorful koala pair to have a more flattering fit (one of our testers noted the old navy leggings pooled at the ankles a bit), with the addition of pockets and a material that wasn\u2019t a magnet for lint and pet hair, as these tended to be. there wasn\u2019t much not to like about this pair of leggings \u2014 in fact, it scored top marks pretty much across the board, with particularly high scores for both comfort and stylishness. we love that these have pockets (both side pockets and a discreet back zipper pocket), how they fared well after multiple wash and dry cycles, snapping right back into shape and looking good as new, and how well they kept us warm outdoors in near-freezing temperatures. they come in three inseams, are offered in sizes xxs through 4xl and are available in 11 colors, from neutrals to bright and bold hues. a few things to mention: although certainly useful, the pockets don\u2019t lie flush against the shape of the leggings, so when sitting down they kind of stuck out. also, after hours of wear, one of our testers noted that the compressing high waist started to feel a little tight. one of the main reasons we didn\u2019t crown these our overall winning pair, though? fabletics\u2019 subscription-based business model. while new members can snag two pairs for the ridiculously wallet-friendly price of two for $24, existing members pay $59.95. if you don\u2019t want to commit to a $49.95-per-month membership, you\u2019ll be shelling out $84.95 per pair. if you\u2019ve already bought into the fabletics membership or are thinking about it, you can\u2019t go wrong with these leggings. what we loved about these leggings: they\u2019re available in 61 (nope, not a typo!) colorways and patterns, with the option to select a pocketed or nonpocketed design. the pockets are big enough to fit a standard smartphone, and they scored high marks in the opacity category. overall, we were impressed by their quality given their price point. what we didn\u2019t love: sizing was a bit off for all of our testers (some noted that the leggings ran a little big and others said they ran too small in their normal size), and they were longer than ideal. for those on the shorter side, this can be a deal breaker since only one inseam length is offered. we didn\u2019t find them stylish enough to be seamlessly integrated into an everyday outfit \u2014 aesthetically, they\u2019re decidedly a workout legging \u2014 and placement of the pocket was awkward. the design of the front seam wasn\u2019t very flattering, we found the waistband frequently had a hard time staying put and the fabric was a bit too stiff for the most comfortable workouts. among all the leggings we tested, this outdoor voices pair held up perhaps the best of them all \u2014 after our tests, they proved to be super durable after many workouts and washes, appearing like new, with no pilling, fading or lint to speak of. they didn\u2019t shrink when one of our testers put them in the dryer on a hot cycle too, and there was no color transfer from either. they\u2019re a super-stylish, flattering pair that made us feel confident when wearing \u2019em, both for exercising and doing everyday stuff. compared to the other higher-end leggings we tested, however, we didn\u2019t find these to blow us away in the comfort department, particularly during sweaty, high-impact workouts. overall, our testers wished the fabric allowed for freer movement and weren\u2019t quite as stiff, though they\u2019d be a great pair for outdoor activity on cooler days. we appreciated their relatively expansive size range (from xxs through 3xl), though note that they are available in just two colorways and one inseam length. they\u2019re also shipped in 100% recycled paper envelopes or recyclable boxes, and according to the brand, it has been reducing its use of conventional fabrics in favor of more sustainable materials. we had mixed feelings about these joylab leggings from target. while some of our testers appreciated how soft and stretchy they were, for the most part, we found them unsupportive and uncomfortable for workouts. the design of these leggings was polarizing, with some finding their aesthetic stylish and others not so much. (the perforated detail is really not ideal for colder climates, and some of us weren\u2019t a fan of the really noticeable ribbing on the waistband and ankles.) a bit less opaque than our favorites in the testing pool, these did, however, hold up well after several washes. the leggings are available in four colors and sizes xs through xl. although we had intended on initially testing a different pair of joylab leggings, we learned that they had been discontinued and that this style was the most similar. unfortunately, these just didn\u2019t hit the mark for us overall. note: the prices above reflect the retailers' listed price at the time of publication. receive product recommendations, reviews & deals several times a week. by signing up, you agree to our privacy policy. \u00a9 2023 cable news network. a warner bros. discovery company. all rights reserved.  cnn sans \u2122 & \u00a9 2016 cable news network. by kaylyn mckenna, carolin lehmann. updated on:  february 15, 2023 / 2:19 pm\n          / essentials. cbs essentials is created independently from the cbs news staff. we may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms. it's time to invest in workout leggings that are as strong as your fitness routine. high-quality workout attire can make a huge difference in how you feel and perform during a workout. but with so many fitness and athleisure legging options on the internet, it can be hard to know where to start your search. we've found the best workout leggings for 2023. the best workout leggings don't have to include a budget-breaking price tag. many of these top-rated options from lululemon, athleta, outdoor voices, gymshark and more are on sale now. keep reading to shop the best workout leggings for 2023, based on your preferred fitness activities. top products in this article. 25\" lululemon align high-rise pant with pockets, $89 and up (reduced from $128). gymshark adapt animal seamless leggings, $64. outdoor voices freeform 7/8 high waist leggings, $69 (reduced from $88). workout leggings are a gym staple for many women, but some leggings are made primarily for lounging and may not hold up through a tough gym session or a long trail run. you'll want to make sure that you're lifting in squat-proof leggings and running in sweat-wicking materials. to help you find the right workout leggings for your needs and budget, we've compiled the best leggings for all of your favorite workouts, such as pilates, yoga, running and weightlifting. check out the best workout leggings for 2023, including some cbs essentials staff favorites. shop leggings from lululemon, gymshark, outdoor voices and more. when you're lifting at the gym, you'll want flexible, squat-proof leggings. here are some of the top options. these gymshark leggings are made for lifting. they offer sweat-wicking fabric, seamless stretch and a zero-distraction design that lets you lift in comfort and provides the support you need to hit a new personal record in the gym. gymshark adapt animal seamless leggings, $64. these leggings are buttery soft and squat-proof. the material wicks sweat and dries quickly, making these a great pair of leggings for intense gym sessions. \"i absolutely love these leggings!\" an under armour reviewer said. \"they are comfortable to wear with my workouts and i find that i do not have to adjust them at all. they adapt to my movements and they are also quite stylish to wear.\". under armour meridian full-length leggings, $70. reviewers rave about colorfulkoala's lululemon align-lookalike leggings (and they're essentials bestsellers). the tie-dye option, which comes in six colorways, is currently on sale. these leggings have a seamless waistband with a hidden pocket. \"i cannot get enough of colorfulkoala,\"\u00a0an amazon reviewer says. \"i can't stop buying them! they are so comfy, fit so great and are cheap! they're squatproof and cute to wear out. i almost don't want to share how good these are because i hate when they sell out!\". colorfulkoala high-waisted tie-dye leggings, $30 (reduced from $35). these compression leggings from thirdlove feature a flattering pattern that sculpts and emphasizes key muscle groups in your legs. they're made with a high-performance material and offer compression while still remaining comfy enough to lounge around in if desired. \"i wear these leggings to krav maga, muay thai and bjj training,\" said a thirdlove reviewer. \"this means kicking, throwing and rolling around on the ground. these leggings have stood up to the wear really well, especially around the knees. most importantly they stay put through all of it.\". thirdlove flex seamless compression leggings, $29 (reduced from $60). you can get the thirdlove flex sports bra to wear as a matching set. thirdlove flex sports bra, $29 and up. you can worry less about breaking a sweat in the lululemon wunder train high-rise tights. they're made with the brand's fastest-drying everlux fabric. the sweat-wicking and supportive fabric is made with four-way-stretch and is meant to feel cool and sleek on the inside. the leggings come in 18 different colors and run up to a size 20. available in lengths ranging from 25 to 31 inches. lululemon wunder train high rise tight, $98. these athleta leggings are designed for medium-to-high-impact workouts at the gym or outdoors. they're made of athleta's recycled supersonic fabric with supportive compression. they feature back drop-in pockets to hold your phone or essentials at the gym. athleta elation train 7/8 workout tight, $60 and up. whether you're hitting the treadmill or heading to a cardio boxing class, these leggings are the best choice for cardio. these high-rise fleece running tights are made with lululemon's water-repellent tech-fleece fabric. the fabric is brushed on the inside for warmth, making them a strong choice for cold weather. the leggings feature the same four-way-stretch as lululemon's align leggings and run up to a size 20 in select colors. lululemon fast and free high-rise fleece running tight, $138. these bandier workout leggings are made with silky-smooth compression fabric and feature a double layer elastic waistband to keep your leggings in place while you're moving around. \"these high-waisted center stage leggings are perfect for both working out and lounging around,\" wrote a buyer. \"they hold up for long runs, yoga, hit training, etc. they also shape your legs nicely.\". these leggings come in two fabric options: all motion and sport rib. all motion is a high-compression, quick-drying fabric. sport rib is a ribbed stretchy quick-drying fabric. choose from capri, mid-rise, high waist and high waist with a pocket. bandier all access center stage high-waisted leggings, $98 and up. complete the look with a matching bra. bandier front row sports bra, $25 and up. these girlfriend collective leggings are one of\u00a0oprah's favorite things 2022. the tv icon loves these \"sweat-wicking, high-compression and high-waisted\" leggings from size-inclusive brand girlfriend collective, made out of recycled plastic bottles. available in sizes xs to 6xl. girlfriend collective compression pocket leggings, $88. these\u00a0thirdlove kinectic performance pocket leggings\u00a0are great for running, hiit classes, cardio boxing and other cardio activities.\u00a0made with dry-feel performance fabric and a lightly compressive fit, these leggings provide the perfect balance between performance and comfort. thirdlove kinectic performance pocket leggings, $74. these leggings are super stretchy and soft. they feature a moisture-wicking fabric that moves sweat to the fabric's outer surface, leaving you comfortable and dry throughout your workout. eleven by venus williams 90s girl leggings, $108. these leggings are made with a breathable, sweat-wicking material to keep you cool and dry while you break a sweat at your favorite workout class or go for a jog. they're super comfortable and flattering. they come in eight colors. \"victoria's secret is often overlooked for its activewear, but i've owned several great workout leggings from the brand. these are my current favorites,\" said cbs essentials writer kaylyn mckenna. vs pink seamless high waist leggings, $40. shop the matching sports bra now. victoria's secret pink seamless racerback sports bra, $30. these comfortable stretchy leggings are perfect for a barre, yoga or pilates class. when it comes to yoga pants, none are more popular than\u00a0lululemon aligns. these ultra-lightweight, buttery soft yoga pants feature side drop-in pockets, a back drop-in pocket for your phone and added lycra fabric for stretch and shape retention. 25\" lululemon align high-rise pant with pockets, $89 and up (reduced from $128). these futuristic-looking leggings provide protection and cushioning for your knees while you work out.\u00a0ma\u00e4t's moisture-wicking, stretchy leggings\u00a0are designed with ultra-flexible ribbed knee pads that pad the area without being bulky, and are tapered to put wider coverage where it's needed. \"i wore these leggings to a pilates class,\" said cbs essentials senior writer lily rose. \"i normally get knee pain when i use the reformer, but these leggings really cushioned the area and helped me hold my poses. plus, the material is really soft, stretchy and the leggings are flattering.\". these popular leggings are made with a supersoft knit fabric and feature a high-rise fold over waistband for unrestricted comfort during yoga. they are designed for low- to medium-sweat workouts like yoga and pilates. outdoor voices freeform 7/8 high waist leggings, $69 (reduced from $88). these high-rise ribbed leggings provide a light stretch and a \"second skin\" feel for comfortable movement. outdoor voices advises this legging is best for low-impact activities like yoga, pilates, stretching or dog walking. outdoor voices seamless rib leggings, $78. the veronica ribbed leggings from year of ours feature a lightweight, ribbed activewear jersey material and a stylish cross-over waistband. the fabric is moisture-wicking for maximum dryness and provides just the right amount of stretch. year of ours veronica ribbed leggings, $46 and up. these ultra-soft leggings feature a flattering v-shaped ruched waistline. the fabric is quick-drying, sweat-wicking, stretchy and super soft. these leggings are a solid option for a yoga class, the gym or lounging. victoria's secret pink ruched leggings, $50. \"these are some of my most-worn leggings at the moment,\" cbs essentials writer carolin lehmann said. \"they're incredibly comfortable -- they never ride up or pinch. and with a ruched front that dips, they make your waist look tiny.\". these flare leggings come in short, standard and long lengths. offline by aerie real me high-waisted ruched flare legging, $36 (reduced from $60). hikers, trail runners, tennis players and other outdoor exercise enthusiasts will want to check out these outdoor workout leggings. these sweat-wicking compression leggings can keep you warm under any gear during chilly morning runs. plus, they're designed to help prevent chafing. under armour coldgear compression leggings, $55. these eco-friendly workout leggings are made from recycled, post-consumer waste. they're buttery soft and offer nice four-way stretch to give you a comfortable and secure fit. the company plants 10 trees for every item purchased, making this a great planet-friendly athleisure addition. tentree inmotion pocket legging, $48 (reduced from $68). the matching inmotion sports bra provides a comfortable stretch that is perfect for workouts. tentree inmotion longline active bra, $38 (reduced from $48). \"these are one of my go-to leggings for getting active on a cold day,\" said mckenna. \"they're light and breathable enough not to cause overheating while i'm running, but the fabric is cozy and warm enough for me not to freeze during my warm-ups. the ribbed fabric is moisture-wicking and stretchy.\". eleven by venus williams level up leggings, $108. these bestselling leggings\u00a0are loved by a number of celebrities, including kendall jenner and hailey bieber. these ribbed leggings are perfect for long hikes and outdoor workouts. they feature a trendy tie closure at the waistband and are made with breathable and textured active ribbed fabric. year of ours ribbed football leggings, $30 and up. bandier recently released this winter-friendly fleece version of the best-selling center stage leggings. these leggings offer a warm, brushed fleece interior and four-way stretch that'll keep you cozy in the cold during your winter workouts. bandier all access pro fleece center stage leggings. $98 (reduced from $140). kaylyn mckenna is an expert on deals, travel, luggage, tech, tvs, home and more for cbs essentials. when she's not scouring the internet for the best deals on new luggage or robot vacuums, she spends time with her goldendoodle, harley, our resident canine correspondent and dog treat expert.\r\n\r\nhttps://www.cbsnews.com/cbs-essentials/deals/\r\n\r\nhttps://www.cbsnews.com/cbs-essentials/travel/\r\n\r\nhttps://www.cbsnews.com/cbs-essentials/tech/\r\n\r\nhttps://www.cbsnews.com/cbs-essentials/tvs/\r\n\r\nhttps://www.cbsnews.com/cbs-essentials/home-and-family/\r\n\r\nhttps://www.cbsnews.com/essentials/the-best-luggage-deals-of-2023/\r\n\r\nhttps://www.cbsnews.com/essentials/best-robot-vacuum-deals-of-2023/. first published on december 21, 2022 / 1:52 pm. opening statements in the trial involving dominion voting systems and fox news are set to begin tuesday. the new medications show promise for inducing weight loss, but many aren't fda-approved for that use. about 1 in 5 millennials is counting on their children to support them in old age, and less than half are banking on social security. she claimed she had raised $11 million in the first quarter of the year, and she used that number to hammer trump and other republicans and their fundraising. peter schwartz was convicted on several charges, including four counts of felony assaulting, resisting, or impeding law enforcement officers using a dangerous weapon. about 1 in 5 millennials is counting on their children to support them in old age, and less than half are banking on social security. apple announced a new way for apple card users to grow their daily cash rewards using a savings account from goldman sachs. the nissan leaf and volvo s60 join a longer list of evs that have been kicked off the u.s. treasury department's list. government report details u.s. efforts to develop \"directed energy\" systems to take out drones, missiles and other threats. views of economy remain negative, with a mixed outlook at best, as possible debt limit crisis looms. opening statements in the trial involving dominion voting systems and fox news are set to begin tuesday. she claimed she had raised $11 million in the first quarter of the year, and she used that number to hammer trump and other republicans and their fundraising. peter schwartz was convicted on several charges, including four counts of felony assaulting, resisting, or impeding law enforcement officers using a dangerous weapon. u.s. officials are preparing for up to 13,000 migrants to cross the southern border daily once pandemic-era limits on asylum claims expire in may, absent a major policy change. government report details u.s. efforts to develop \"directed energy\" systems to take out drones, missiles and other threats. the new medications show promise for inducing weight loss, but many aren't fda-approved for that use. a few days after a federal judge in texas moved to suspend the abortion drug mifepristone, the supreme court intervened to temporarily preserve fda approval and consumer access to it. nancy cordes reports. all cases are among workers, contractors or visitors of a paper and packaging materials plant in the michigan town of escanaba, which has now been temporarily shuttered. limits on how late into a pregnancy the drug can be taken, who can prescribe it and how it can be dispensed were set to take effect saturday at 1 a.m. majority of respondents remain pessimistic about the economy as a whole, according to primerica survey. gershkovich, the u.s. government, and the wall street journal strenuously deny the charges against the reporter. u.s. secretary of state blinken says no one was hurt. the sudanese army and a powerful rival force were fighting for control of the country for a third straight day. u.s. officials are preparing for up to 13,000 migrants to cross the southern border daily once pandemic-era limits on asylum claims expire in may, absent a major policy change. his family worries he could be left behind again as the u.s. also pursues the release of a wall street journal reporter. prosecutors said the defendants established a secret police station under the direction of china's ministry of public security in a manhattan office building. choe later claimed the story detailed in a 2014 podcast was not factual. grammy-winning musician and producer questlove joins \"cbs mornings\" to discuss his new children's book \"the rhythm of time.\". actor marcel spears joins \"cbs mornings\" to talk about his broadway debut in the highly-anticipated show, \"fat ham,\" a modern reimagining of shakespeare's \"hamlet.\". \"not netflix being the new ticketmaster,\" one frustrated viewer said. the sacramento kings are investigating the allegations, which followed their game against the golden state warriors. as gun violence continues, one company is trying to use ai to help prevent further tragedy. manuel bojorquez takes a look at how the technology can help spot threats in real time. the nissan leaf and volvo s60 join a longer list of evs that have been kicked off the u.s. treasury department's list. former nfl star meets with a cisco engineer and nfl's chief information security officer to discuss how the tech giant defended the big game from cyberattacks. government report details u.s. efforts to develop \"directed energy\" systems to take out drones, missiles and other threats. zdnet editor-in-chief jason hiner explains best practices for setup and success of smart home security systems. nasa said the collision of the two spiral galaxies began about 700 million years ago. the faa has cleared spacex to launch the most powerful rocket ever put into orbit. the unpiloted test flight is scheduled for monday. flights resumed at fort lauderdale's airport friday after a storm caused unprecedented flooding this week. cbs news national correspondent manuel bojorquez shared details about the recovery efforts. experts have already said that the recurring climate pattern will \"likely develop\" this season. wednesday's storm in fort lauderdale, florida, marked the rainiest day in the city's history and a 1,000-year rain event. cbs news senior weather producer david parkinson explains more about this rare weather phenomenon. peter schwartz was convicted on several charges, including four counts of felony assaulting, resisting, or impeding law enforcement officers using a dangerous weapon. kansas city police say 16-year-old ralph yarl was shot by a homeowner when he went to the wrong house to pick up his siblings. phil dowdell's final act was to push his little sister, alexis dowdell, out of the way of gunfire at her own birthday party, she told cbs news. authorities say a 20-year-old woman looking for a friend's house in upstate new york was driven to the wrong address. the homeowner, 65, allegedly shot and killed the woman. ralph yarl, 16, was shot when he went to the wrong house to pick up his younger brothers in kansas city. andrew lester, 85, is now facing two felony charges related to the shooting. roxana saberi reports. nasa said the collision of the two spiral galaxies began about 700 million years ago. the gargantuan starship rocket is critical for spacex's plans to send passengers and cargo to the moon, mars and beyond. the faa has cleared spacex to launch the most powerful rocket ever put into orbit. the unpiloted test flight is scheduled for monday. with an faa license in hand, spacex says the maiden flight of the world's most powerful rocket could come as early as monday. nasa said on thursday that during its 50th flight, the helicopter traveled over a thousand feet in about two and a half minutes. a look into a grieving husband jan cilliers' investigative work after his wife christy giles and her friend hilda marcela cabrales died after a night out. days after a young woman vanishes, a man in a distinctive hat is seen walking away from her car. who is the man in the hat? a look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity. when tiffiney crawford was found dead inside her van, authorities believed she might have taken her own life. but could she shoot herself twice in the head with her non-dominant hand? a look inside the truck trailer where 26 abducted school children and their bus driver were buried alive -- and later escaped. competitive pressure among tech giants is propelling society into the future of artificial intelligence, ready or not. scott pelley dives into the world of ai with google ceo sundar pichai. in this episode of \"person to person with norah o\u2019donnell,\" o\u2019donnell sits down with boston marathon bombing survivor adrianne haslet about what it was like to finish the world's longest-running marathon twice after losing her leg, how she prioritizes her mental health and what's in store for this year's race. we travel to texas to learn how one nonprofit is on a mission to give every american access to clean water. then, we go to the gulf coast, where two louisiana natives are restoring the coastline with recycled glass. watch these stories and more on eye on america with host michelle miller. the \"phantom of the opera\" chandelier fell for the final time sunday after 35 years. raquel suarez groen, who played carlotta for several years, joins cbs news' john dickerson on \"prime time\" with a look back at the show's history. the 127th boston marathon took place early monday morning. cbs news correspondent nancy chen reports. copyright \u00a92023 cbs interactive inc. all rights reserved. home / roundup / best workout leggings (2023): six squat-proof pairs that can keep up with you. by lindsay boyers, cn. expert verified by amanda capritto, cpt, cnc, ces, cf-l1. updated january 4, 2023. we test and review fitness products based on an independent, multi-point methodology. if you use our links to purchase something, we may earn a commission. read our disclosures. never underestimate the power of really great activewear. yes, it\u2019s true that you can wear any ol\u2019 pair of black leggings for a workout, but they won\u2019t have the same effect as a pair that\u2019s truly constructed for high-intensity sweat sessions. there\u2019s a big difference between athleisure and super-effective workout leggings. the best workout leggings combine breathable materials, moisture-wicking fabrics, stretch, and compression into a pair of pants that can keep up with you. they\u2019re comfortable, dry quickly, and don\u2019t have to be pulled up a million times during your workout (been there, don\u2019t want to do it anymore). the best leggings for you really depend on the type of workout you\u2019re doing too. what works well for a yoga class and other low-impact workouts may not be the best fit for high-impact, hiit workouts where you might need more compression and a thicker band to keep them in place as you move (running leggings are better in this case). to help you narrow down your choices, we tested more than a dozen different pairs of leggings. we took them through everything from crossfit workouts to casual walks to come up with this list of our favorite leggings. related: best sports bras. the garage gym reviews team is made up of certified personal trainers, crossfit coaches, former collegiate athletes, and nutrition coaches and collectively, we\u2019ve worn a lot of leggings. while we tested about a dozen pairs officially, we\u2019ve tried countless other pairs during our professional careers (and even well before that). we know what separates a really great pair of workout leggings from a pair that\u2019s going to annoy you through your entire workout\u2014and we\u2019re bringing that knowledge and hands-on experience to you. good for: anyone who wants an exceptional pair of workout leggings. lululemon wunder under leggings. lululemon wunder under leggings are a high-waisted, sweat-wicking, luxtreme legging perfect for yoga and weight training. the lululemon wunder under leggings are our best overall pick for several reasons. besides getting almost perfect marks in each one of our tests, lululemon also has excellent customer service, both in store and online. they offer free return shipping if you decide not to keep your leggings; if you do, they\u2019ll fix holes and hem your leggings in-store for free. there are several pairs to choose from, but there\u2019s just something about the wunder unders (probably why they\u2019re a bestseller). they\u2019re made of a fast-drying, super-breathable trademarked fabric blend called everlux. it\u2019s really just a blend of nylon and lycra, but it\u2019s extremely moisture-wicking and doesn\u2019t show sweat. caroline lubinsky, the crossfit trainer and ggr writer who tested the wunder train leggings, says they\u2019re her favorite fit of all time. \u201cthey have great compression and i don\u2019t have to yank them up every minute of my life. they do not squeeze my thighs and they give a smooth, compressed look to the body. they\u2019re also surprisingly durable,\u201d she says. they come in three lengths\u201425, 28 and 31 inches\u2014each of which has a high-waist yoga pant design, and come in a wide range of sizes, including several plus-size options (0 to 20). there\u2019s also a hidden pocket in the waistband that has enough space to hold keys and a couple cards. even though they\u2019re expensive, caroline says they\u2019re \u201c100% worth it\u201d: they\u2019re versatile, durable, squat proof, compressive, and super cute on. good for: anyone who likes a more compressive waist band. lululemon fast and free. you really can\u2019t argue that lululemon produces some of the best-quality leggings on today\u2019s market. the fast and frees are a fan favorite due to the soft, moisture-wicking fabric and high-rise fit. the fast and free high-waisted leggings are another lululemon winner. they scored almost as high as the wunder unders in our tests, but had one drawback that kept them from earning the best overall spot. according to lululemon, they\u2019re made to have a tighter waistband, but kate didn\u2019t love this. \u201cthe purpose is to keep the tights up\u2014but with a high waistband, i don\u2019t know if you need it. so i think the waist on mine feels a little too snug. still wearable, but i would have gone a size up had i known,\u201d she says. that being said, you can choose from high-waist and regular-waist versions. they also come in two lengths: 25 and 28 inches. no matter which type of waistband or length you pick, you\u2019ll get a super quick-drying fabric that\u2019s made of nylon and lycra\u2014these have a bit more nylon and less lycra than the wunder unders so they\u2019re less stretchy with a nice compressive fit. according to kate, they\u2019re also super flattering: \u201ci\u2019m pretty biased toward lululemon tights in that i think they are typically always aesthetically better than anything else. they have the seams on the butt that make your butt pop. and they come in tons of different colors. these are super form-fitting, gorgeous tights,\u201d she says. while they\u2019re undoubtedly expensive, they\u2019re a long-term investment. as we already mentioned, lululemon will repair holes for free and kate says she\u2019s had this pair for two to three years and has put them through countless barbell workouts and burpees and they still look brand new. good for: anyone looking for yoga pants, pilates leggings, barre tights, or a comfortable pair for lounging. athleta transcend tights. athleta transcend \u215e tight is an expensive pair of leggings that users generally wore for lounging and errands and not workouts. if you\u2019re looking for a dedicated pair of yoga leggings, the athleta transcend tights are our top pick. these moderately compressive leggings are made from a nylon and lycra blend that\u2019s designed to fit like a second skin, stretching with your body without hindering your movements. they\u2019re high-waisted, fit well, and passed the squat test, according to caroline. they wick moisture well and do slightly show sweat. however, they dry extremely quickly so it wasn\u2019t really an issue. while tester caroline wouldn\u2019t really recommend the transcend tights for higher-intensity activities, that\u2019s not what they\u2019re made for. because of that, we didn\u2019t knock any points off for this. the transcend tights come in sizes xxs to 3x with petite, regular, and tall lengths available in each size, so they can work for a wide variety of body types. athleta also has excellent customer service, both online and in-store, which is important when you\u2019re spending almost $100 on workout leggings. overall, they\u2019re a good value and a nice pair of leggings for less intense workouts. they\u2019re also upf 50 and made in a fair-trade certified facility\u2014two perks you don\u2019t find with a lot of other workout leggings. good for: people who like to workout outside or do a lot of sweaty workouts. outdoor voices techsweat legging. the techsweat full length leggings are a solid choice for anyone seeking a pair of high-quality and versatile leggings and don\u2019t mind spending a bit more. if you do a lot of outdoor workouts, you\u2019ll want a pair of leggings that can stand up to the elements as much as it can stand up to your workouts. the techsweat thrive leggings from outdoor voices are ideal for that. they\u2019re made with a nylon, lycra, and polyester blend that repels and wicks away moisture, while staying cool to the touch. they\u2019re high-waisted and have a nice level of compression\u2014nothing crazy, but just enough. \u201cthey don\u2019t suck you in, but they don\u2019t feel like they are on the verge of falling off either. they\u2019re just in the middle,\u201d caroline raves. \u201cthe fabric laid smoothly on me and did not pinch my thighs. if you\u2019re short, you might find they are too long for you, but they were fine for me.\u201d. outdoor voices says these leggings are made for medium- to high-sweat situations and caroline agrees that they stay dry and don\u2019t get uncomfortable during high-intensity workouts. she didn\u2019t have to pull them up at all during any of the activities she did when testing. these leggings also have a couple hidden pockets for storage, so you can keep your phone and/or other essentials securely in place during your workouts. the only downside is the sizing is a bit more limited than other pairs on the list\u2014these come in sizes xs to xl\u2014and we would have liked to see a bigger range. good for: anyone shopping on a budget (or someone who wants to buy two pairs for the price of one). all in motion sculpt leggings. the all-in-motion sculpt high-rise leggings are an affordable legging option that had mixed reviews on comfort and ability to stay up. if you\u2019ve skimped on leggings in the past, you already know that you often get what you pay for. cheaper leggings can constantly fall down and/or become totally see-through when you bend over. in general, we think it\u2019s worth investing in a high-quality pair, but the all in motion sculpt leggings surprised us. they\u2019re not the best leggings we\u2019ve ever worn, but they performed well for the price. they\u2019re comfortable and have extra-deep side pockets\u2014amanda\u00a0 actually said that these were some of the best pockets she\u2019s ever seen on leggings. they don\u2019t have a lot of compression so they\u2019re best for people that prefer looser pairs. they also show sweat, so they\u2019re likely best for lower intensity workouts. outside of their comfort, the biggest draw is really the size range and the accessibility. this is a target-exclusive brand and you can get a pair (online and in-store) for around $32. they come in xs to xxl and short and long versions are available in each size. caroline did say that these run large (similar to other target styles), so if you order a pair, you might want to size down. good for: people who like very high-rise leggings. nobull high-rise tights. the nobull high-rise tights are an expensive option that have mixed reviews on the fit, and some reviewers also preferred other nobull tights. many of our picks are high-waisted, but the nobull high-rise tights are very high-waisted\u2014they came up over caroline\u2019s belly button during testing (she\u2019s 5\u20199\u201d for reference) and didn\u2019t slip down at all during workouts or regular wear. they have an extra-wide waistband that helps them stay in place. they also fit well in the legs and waist, a rarity for people who have larger legs and a smaller midsection. they\u2019re made of a mostly nylon and spandex blend, so they\u2019re stretchy, moisture-wicking, and breathable. while the leggings weren\u2019t as compressive as caroline normally likes, they performed well in so many other ways that it ultimately didn\u2019t matter. \u201cthey are squat proof, don\u2019t show sweat (for the dark colors at least), and don\u2019t require me to pull them up every two seconds,\u201d she says. the one downside is that the size range is pretty limited. they only come in xs to xl and one length (and 28.5-inch inseam) so they won\u2019t work for everyone. if you fit within these sizes though, and you like high-waisted leggings, these are the pair for you. the bottom line: \u201cthese are worth the money. great quality, good for a workout, and comfy to wear,\u201d caroline says. from fan favorites like the lululemon align pant and girlfriend collective legging made from recycled water bottles, to budget-friendly picks from old navy, to high-end options from alo yoga and sweaty betty, our roster of product testers has worn more pairs of leggings than we can count. here\u2019s a snapshot of some other pairs we tested specifically for this article. senita athletics shakti pant. the shakti pants from senita athletics were super soft and flattering, but ultimately the fit just wasn\u2019t up to par. certified personal trainer and ggr editor amanda capritto tested them and said that while they fit around the thighs, they were too big in the waist, which negatively affected their compression. granted, everyone has different body types, but they also slipped in the waist a lot during running and crossfit-style workouts\u2014another con that kept them from making the cut. senita athletics lux step up pants. another option from senita, the lux step up pants earned high marks for their extra high waist and extra pockets, but they have weird seams that made them look kind of \u201coff.\u201d they\u2019re moderate compression, stay up pretty well, and make your butt look nice. overall, they were decent\u2014nothing spectacular but nothing too crazy to complain about either. all in motion flex legging. while we really liked the other all in motion leggings, this pair was average. there was nothing particularly good or bad about them. they\u2019re comfy, fit well, and have good moisture-wicking capabilities, but they didn\u2019t outshine any of the other pairs. they also had some pilling after a couple uses; it wasn\u2019t terrible, but it is a sign they might not last as long as others. if you want a couple pairs of budget-friendly leggings, we still think you\u2019d be happy with these. nike pro drifit leggings. for the price, we weren\u2019t super impressed with the nike pro drifit leggings. again, there was nothing particularly wrong with them, but they didn\u2019t have any compression and were super high-waisted in an awkward way. there\u2019s also a two-inch elastic waistband that certified personal trainer and ggr editor nicole davis thought was neither comfortable nor flattering. they\u2019re also really thin and have mesh on the back of the calves that some customers report snags easily. while we didn\u2019t experience that ourselves during testing, we could definitely see it happening. athleta salutation stash pocket leggings. the athleta salutation stash pocket leggings fit well, looked super chic, and had a nice smoothing-yet-not-compressive quality, but nicole had one major complaint: sweat shows very easily, especially in the crotch area. the leggings are made for yoga so if you want to wear them for low-intensity exercises where you might not sweat as much, they\u2019re probably good enough for the job. we recommend staying away from anything more intense though. alphalete pulse kinetic legging. while the alphalete pulse kinetic leggings are high-waisted and fit really well in the legs, caroline thought they were larger in the waist than other size small leggings. she also says the compression leaves something to be desired. because of this, she had to keep pulling them up and said that while she would wear them in a pinch, she wouldn\u2019t pick them over others. alphalete amplify legging. the amplify leggings did not make the cut. put simply, amanda didn\u2019t just like them. the waist was super tight compared to the rest of the fit and while that might be intentional for waist accentuation, it wasn\u2019t comfortable. the compression was so tight that it was difficult to eat and ultimately led to some stomach soreness. they\u2019re also kind of thin and show sweat easily. zella live-in high waist leggings. the nordstrom-exclusive zella leggings get a lot of positive feedback. we decided not to test this pair this time around, but it\u2019s on our list for future updates. they have a lot of features that are similar to our top picks, and almost 6,000 five-star reviews (with many saying that they\u2019re buttery soft) so we definitely want to see if they live up to the hype. research is always the first step in our testing process. we dug into popular brands and looked at top-rated pairs from those brands, reading customer reviews to see what people liked and what they didn\u2019t. from there, we narrowed down our testing pool to 14 pairs that we wanted to put through the ringer. we wore each pair during various types of workouts, from casual walks with our dogs to intense crossfit wods. we wore them indoors (in studios and our homes) and outside, and did isolated squat tests because being \u201csquat proof\u201d is one of the ultimate signs of a great pair of workout leggings. during our testing, we rated each pair of leggings on their fit, rise, compression, durability, fabric, durability, workout performance, pockets, and value. we also noted if there were any special features that made them stand out from the hundreds of other pairs out there. each legging got a score in each of the above categories. we chose our winners based on which ones had the highest average score, without any major drawbacks or dealbreakers. you can work out in any pair of leggings, but the experience won\u2019t be the same. workout leggings are made with more breathable materials and are specifically designed to help wick away moisture so you don\u2019t feel like you\u2019re sitting in a puddle of sweat. \u201cmany workout leggings also have some degree of compression, which can help improve blood circulation and ultimately make for a better workout (and potentially less soreness after, depending on how compressive they actually are around the working muscles),\u201d says amanda. and yes, compression helps smooth you out so workout leggings can be more flattering, too. here are a few factors to consider before virtually swiping your credit card or hitting that amazon \u201cbuy now\u201d button. material is probably one of the most important things to look for. workout leggings are designed to wick sweat, dry quickly, and stretch and move with your body. because of this, they\u2019re typically made with some combination of nylon, lycra, polyester, and/or spandex\u2014which is a four-way stretch material that prevents the leggings from being too restrictive. other types of leggings are made with less breathable materials, like cotton. cotton may be comfortable, but it doesn\u2019t wick away moisture and it doesn\u2019t dry quickly. if you wear cotton leggings for an intense workout, you\u2019re likely going to be sitting in your sweat for a while. yuck. when choosing leggings, check the label and make sure it contains the right materials. while you\u2019re there, look at the care instructions and make sure you\u2019re comfortable with the recommendations. often, higher-end workout leggings require more tlc, like hang-drying and potentially handwashing. compression is partly a personal preference, but studies1 have shown that wearing compression leggings during your workout can improve post-workout soreness and improve performance during your next workout (because you\u2019re less sore). it\u2019s not always necessary to have a super-tight fit, but some degree of compression is probably beneficial. a higher waist can be more flattering, but it also serves a purpose: workout leggings with a high waist are less likely to slip down during various exercises. you\u2019ve heard of leggings being \u201csquat proof\u201d\u2014this basically means that they comfortably move with you during this deep exercise, but also that they don\u2019t slip too much in the back and expose you. high-waist leggings are more likely to be squat proof, since there\u2019s extra fabric to cover your cheeks as you dip and bend. if you don\u2019t love high-waist leggings, you can opt for a mid-rise pair instead. low-cut leggings may be cute, but they\u2019re better for running errands and the like\u2014they don\u2019t hold up well to lots of movements. length is really a personal preference, but it\u2019s something to consider when choosing workout leggings. typically, you\u2019ll find cropped (capri-length) leggings, 7/8 length and full-length leggings. some pairs come in short/petite, regular, and tall versions, which means they have a different inseam length. you might also see some outliers, like stirrup leggings. decide which length and style you want before landing on a pair. seams are another personal preference, but they can make or break your leggings. some leggings have crazy seams that contribute to the design. you can also find seamless leggings that can be more flattering and more comfortable. often, you don\u2019t really think about the seams when shopping, but if you have a preference, make sure to inspect the pair you\u2019re looking at. yes, there are some key differences between workout leggings and regular leggings. while regular leggings are designed for comfort, workout leggings are made for performance. workout leggings are typically made with different materials that are more breathable and wick moisture. as a general rule, they\u2019re also tighter than regular leggings. this compression can help reduce muscle soreness post-workout (and it\u2019s really flattering, too). you can wear workout leggings all day, as long as you haven\u2019t actually worked out (and sweated) in them. \u201csitting in sweaty clothes can cause chafing, skin irritation and acne. it also has the potential to breed infection,\u201d amanda says. \u201chowever, if you want to wear clean, dry workout leggings all day: go for it!\u201d. not necessarily. workout leggings are designed to have a snug fit, especially if they\u2019re a compression pair. because of this, most manufacturers already size them accordingly. that being said, make sure you\u2019re looking at any relevant size charts to figure out which size will work best for you. rely on measurements instead of typical sizing language. 1. lee dcw, sheridan s, ali a, sutanto d, wong shs. wearing compression tights post-exercise enhances recovery hemodynamics and subsequent cycling performance. eur j appl physiol. 2021;121(7):2091-2100. doi:10.1007/s00421-021-04661-0. let your boobs breathe a sigh of relief\u2013\u2013the best sports bra for running has been found! read more. looking for an easy way to get more greens in your diet? check out our amazing grass green superfood review! read more. in this nordictrack a2105 treadmill review, we'll discuss the pros, cons, and specs of this discontinued treadmill. read more. the marc pro is a muscle conditioning device that stimulates your muscles to improve their performance and recover from muscle breakdown. through months of use, we found that we felt more recovered after using the device. however, we do recognize that this could be a placebo effect. read more. the most trusted voice in fitness. \u00a9\t\t\t\t\t\tgarage gym reviews 2023. all rights reserved. we earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article. featuring some serious bargains. the best gym leggings can be hard to find at the best of times but throw in the fact that there are 112,000,000 results on google and it doesn't get any easier. you see, we know you want leggings that won\u2019t fall down mid sweat, that\u2019ll hold you in without digging in, and that won\u2019t give your neighbour a flash of your underwear in the middle of a perfect-form squat. there\u2019s nothing worse than investing in a new pair of leggings only to find they fall short when put to the test. don't worry, we\u2019ve done the hard work and put together the ultimate gym leggings guide \u2013 including putting a bunch of styles through the squat test. perhaps you love strength training, adore a hiit workout at home, or would rather sell a kidney than miss your saturday morning circuits class \u2013 finding leggings that work as hard as you do without breaking the bank, is of paramount importance. nobody needs see-through kit in their life. save yourself the anxiety of a bum display and try the squat test before you buy (or decide to keep). it\u2019s as simple as watching yourself move in the leggings. you might feel silly in the moment, but smug when you\u2019re sweating it out, totally confident that your leggings aren\u2019t exposing anything they shouldn\u2019t be. which is worth its weight in gold. another key factor when considering what gym leggings to invest in is whether or not they\u2019re going to support you through 50 minutes of strength training or your very sweaty hiit session. low waisted leggings may work for some but, for many, the added worry of baring your midriff is another unwelcome distraction when you\u2019re trying to focus on remembering how to deadlift properly. choosing the best high-waisted gym leggings may be a better option for you if you'd rather focus on your session than your midsection. and finally, invest in gym leggings that actually fit you. in other words, make sure they\u2019re not going to rip come lunge twelve or fall down on burpee four. it\u2019s a fine balance, but one thing to bear in mind is that they will stretch with wear, so sometimes choosing a more snug fit pays off. it may seem like you\u2019re killing two birds with one stone by buying running leggings for the gym but you\u2019ll seriously regret it when your zipper is digging into your back as you\u2019re trying desperately to maintain focus (and form) on flutter kicks. as a general rule of thumb, running leggings need reflective panels and zips for energy gels, whereas gym leggings don\u2019t need any fancy add-ons. our expert testers at the women\u2019s health lab put 46 pairs of gym leggings from a range of leading brands through their paces. they tested any sweat-wicking claims by measuring moisture absorption and timing how long they took to dry in the lab. they also checked that size, shape and colour remained unchanged after several spins in the washing machine. additionally, the leggings were sent to our panel of 200 testers, with each pair tested by up to eight people during at least three workouts. they reported back on how they found their design, fit, comfort and performance. they shared their honest thoughts on a range of key factors, including how easy the leggings were to slip on and off, how the fabric and fit affected movement and how comfortable they felt after a session. don\u2019t see the women\u2019s health lab approved logo? that\u2019s because our women\u2019s health editors have also chipped in and shared their favourite styles, giving you even more choice. why? if you\u2019re a spanx fan, you\u2019ll love the brand\u2019s booty boost leggings, which offer the same compressive fit as its much-loved shapewear. our testers raved about the stretchy, supportive material that sculpts the glutes and waist in all the right places. these luxe leggings don\u2019t just look the part, though; they stayed firmly in place as we got our burpees and tuck jumps in, and they performed brilliantly in the moisture-wicking stakes, so heavy hiit sessions will prove no problem. what\u2019s more, there\u2019s a nifty back pocket big enough to fit keys or a credit card. the compressive material does make them slightly restrictive and not as cosy as other leggings on our list, but if you\u2019re after figure-hugging activewear, these will be your new best friend. size up to ensure comfort.how much? \u00a388sizes: xs to xxxlfabric: 60% nylon, 40% elastane. why? serious runners need serious running leggings, and this pair from montane fits the bill perfectly. the clever design features handy zipped pockets on the sides and back for stashing valuables, breathable mesh panels behind the knees and ankles zips for ventilation, plus reflective detailing to help keep you visible when running in low light. the material proved super lightweight and moved well with the body, plus our panel praised the stretchy mid-rise waistband, but some testers would have appreciated more compression to help them feel adequately supported. note, they come up quite big, so consider sizing down to eliminate the need for any mid-run readjusting. all in all, a trusty pair of leggings for the great outdoors.  how much? \u00a337.93sizes: 6 to 16 fabric: 78% recycled nylon, 22% elastane. why? a much loved label of #fitstagram, gymshark leggings are probably all over your insta feed, but do they live up to the hype? well, if this apex seamless style is anything to go by, that\u2019s a resounding yes. the high waistband and compression-like material offer constant support without restricting movement, while strategic heat mapping zones promise to keep you cool, dry and comfortable, even during the sweatiest sessions. the vibrant green colour, jacquard pattern and muscle contouring lines split opinion among our panel, with some testers loving their sculpting credentials (\u201ci\u2019ve never received so many compliments for my leggings!\u201d said one tester) and others questioning the out-there design.  the lack of pockets makes them less appealing for running, and they come up a touch small, but if you like to make an impression, you\u2019ll love these. how much? \u00a355sizes: xs to xxl fabric: 67% polyester, 21% nylon, 12% elastane. why? one of our fave pairs for getting a sweat on, testers\u2019 rave reviews showed exactly why this is one of pocket sport\u2019s best-selling designs. they fitted well, with no gathering, gaping or slipping, while the high waist was supportive and provided just the right compression for high-impact workouts. they also smashed our sweat-wicking lab tests, making them a breathable buy for pretty much every sort of exercise. bonus points for the dreamy colourways, too. how much? was \u00a365 | now \u00a355sizes: xxs to xlfabric: 73% polyester, 27% spandex. best gym leggings with pockets. 5. myprotein mp power ultra leggings. why? jump, squat and burpee your way through your workout with these reliable, snug-fitting leggings that didn\u2019t become see-through or chafe during testers\u2019 workouts. they\u2019re stretchy too, and with their high waistband, everyone felt well-supported. while the mesh pockets look nice, most testers couldn\u2019t fit their phones in. the design performed well in our lab tests though, so you shouldn\u2019t feel too sweaty as the intensity rises. how much? was \u00a344 | now \u00a331.99 sizes: xxs to xxlfabric: 78% polyester, 22% elastane. 6. mountain warehouse power patterned high-waisted women's leggings. why? these eye-catching leggings won\u2019t make as much of a dent in your bank balance as some, but they still proved a great investment when tested. the fabric was soft and the waistband secure \u2013 in fact, they were so comfortable testers said they\u2019d wear them all day. if you have shorter legs you may find they gather around the ankles or at the back of the knee due to their full-length design but their sweat-wicking creds stood up to our lab test, making them a reliable gym kit addition. how much? from \u00a320.99sizes: 4 to 24fabric: polyester. 7. montane women's ineo lite capri pants. why? after a pair of leggings to take you from the gym to the trails? then these should fit the bill; they\u2019ve got well-placed pockets \u2013 on the leg and the waistband \u2013 so you can stash all your essentials when running. they also fitted our testers comfortably while the soft fabric was flexible enough for everything from crossfit workouts to cycling. our only niggle: visible sweat patches due to their grey colour. how much? \u00a342sizes: 6 to 16fabric: 82% nylon, 18% elastane. why? these luxe leggings don\u2019t come cheap, but when it comes to quality, they\u2019re simply *chef\u2019s kiss*. our testers found them supremely comfortable and couldn't get enough of the flattering high-waisted fit and blissfully soft material. one particularly enthusiastic panellist declared that she could \u201clive in them all day and all year\u201d. but trendy socal brand vuori doesn\u2019t sacrifice practicality for comfort. they stayed in place during all manner of workouts, meaning no more mid-set hoicking up, and they allowed our testers to move freely. although they received a high score for sweat-wicking in our lab test, they get a bit toasty during heavier sessions, making them best suited for milder activities like pilates, barre, yoga and walking. they\u2019re also a dream if you like to live in activewear \u2013 our eds will be pairing them with oversized tees and white trainers for the foreseeable. in short, there\u2019s little not to like.how much? \u00a3100sizes: xxs to xxlfabric: 87% recycled polyester, 13% elastane. best body-sculpting gym leggings. 9. sefi timeless leggings tourmaline. why? not only do these leggings look tr\u00e8s chic, but they\u2019re also a doddle to slip on and off, and the compressive material offers plenty of support without feeling restrictive. they boast great booty-sculpting credentials and scored a respectable 4/5 in our sweat-wicking lab test. the fabric is on the thicker side and there aren\u2019t any pockets, so we wouldn\u2019t reach for these for running or crossfit. but for less vigorous workouts and daily errands, they\u2019re top of our list. tall gals, we suggest sizing up or opting for full length over 7/8s, as our testers found they were cut quite snug.how much? \u00a356 sizes: xxs to xlfabric: 92% poylamide, 8% elastane. why? if you've had your beloved black nike pro's for as long as you can remember and can't bear to part ways with them or brave the big bad world of gym leggings and branch out, now might be the perfect time to get yourself a pair that is just as reliable but that comes in a snazzy hibiscus colourway. the extra motivation to get moving and put that statement shade on display only adds to their greatness. how much? was \u00a349.95 | now \u00a329.97 sizes: 4 to 26fabric: 78\u201383% polyester, 17\u201322% elastane. why? this just in! everlane has gone and done the impossible. they have taken their original best-seller perform leggings with their lightweight compressive fit and sweat-wicking abilities and, after two years of hard work, have managed to turn them into something even greater. a perform legging to provide ultimate comfort 24/7 whether you're wfh or wofh (working out from home). mic drop. how much? was \u00a366 | now \u00a320sizes: xxs to xxxlfabric: 69% recycled nylon, 31% elastane. why? we're not quite sure what goes on across the ocean but somehow australia manages to consistently create activewear that is just as good-looking as it is high quality. give these leopard print leggings a once over and we think you'll agree. the ultra-soft, breathable, quick-drying fabric makes them perfect for low-intensity sessions and when it comes to their appearance, gorgeous doesn't quite cut it. we can see it now. you sporting them with a class behind you and a coffee in hand. bliss. how much? \u00a385sizes: xxs to xxlfabric: 72% recycled polyamide, 28% elastane. why? sb's power gym leggings are well known for their tip-top gym-creds and fashionably functional details. we're talking bum-sculpting, 4-way stretch, quick-drying and sweat-wicking fabric for your most sweaty cardio workouts. what makes them even better? the adjustable drawcord, presence of pockets and the fact that the abstract leaf print looks just as good when it comes to squats as it does when it comes to snapping selfies on the sly. how much? \u00a380sizes: xxs to xxlfabric: 62% polyamide, 38% elastane. why? you may think of h&m as the brand you can always rely on to provide you with attractive yet cheap sportswear and while you wouldn\u2019t be wrong, their many highly-rated pieces prove that there is more to them than just supplying you with gym leggings for under \u00a320. this pair, made from fast-drying functional fabric, will ensure you\u2019re cool, dry and committed to the task at hand. high waisted, long-legged and very purple, you'll also be sure to stand out no matter where you wear them. how much? was \u00a317.99 | now \u00a312sizes: xs to xlfabric: 81% polyester, 19% elastane. why? we\u2019re always quick to recommend girlfriend collective when it comes to leggings, whether it be for yoga, to meet all your pocket requirements, or for performing at your best in the gym. understandable when they have so much going for them. firstly, their leggings are made of recycled water bottles; secondly, they are extra-high rise and thirdly, they are more than attractive in their many colourways. as aesthetically pleasing as they are technical, when it comes to all things gym, the gc compressive high-rise leggings are the perfect stretchy companion to your next lower or upper body day. how much? \u00a365sizes: xxs to 3xlfabric: 79% recycled polyester, 21% elastane. why? had one too many encounters with unflattering fits in your lifetime? not to worry. these celebrity-approved gym leggings have been designed to complement your curves with specially positioned panels, a seamless design and a high waisted cut. they also come in six soft shades so you'll have little trouble finding the right one for you. how much? \u00a351sizes: xs to 2xlfabric: nylon spandex blend. 15 best hair straighteners. 8 dreamy mattress toppers to shop rn. 15 best bathroom scales for fitness. 11 best eco-friendly shampoo bars. 8 best mattresses for back pain. 14 best wireless headphones. the best yoga and exercise mats to buy now. 15 best massage guns for every budget. 12 best ipl hair removal devices. the best air fryers to shop according to experts. 8 best waterproof smartwatches for 2023. best electric toothbrushes. women's health, part of the hearst uk wellbeing network. women's health may earn commission from the links on this page, but we only feature products we believe in. \u00a9hearst uk is the trading name of the national magazine company ltd, 30 panton street, leicester square, london, sw1y 4aj. registered in england 112955. all rights reserved. we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. why trust us? top-tested tights for yoga, lifting, running and beyond. we updated this guide in march 2023 to add new top performing styles based on extensive testing from the good housekeeping institute textiles lab. the leggings you wear can make or break your fitness routine. unlike traditional leggings that are more style-driven and versatile for everyday wear, pants for workouts should able to wick sweat, stay in place as you move and hold up to repeated stretching and laundering... while still looking stylish. beyond that, they should feel as comfortable as loungewear and look as flattering as your favorite pair of black leggings. the experts in the good housekeeping institute textiles lab test all types of activewear, from workout tops and sports bras to bike shorts, workout shoes, yoga pants and more. when it comes to leggings, we consider styles for every body and budget, from compression leggings and fleece-lined leggings to affordable leggings on amazon and workout leggings with pockets. we test workout leggings in the lab by checking durability, opacity and performance features like moisture-wicking capabilities, then we have a panel of consumer testers with varying body types and workout preferences try them out in their regular fitness routines. the best workout leggings ahead are top performers from our tests or newer styles that are popular online with rave reviews from users. read on to learn more about our top picks, and find more information on how we test as well as shopping tips to help you pick your perfect pair of leggings at the end of this article. best leggings | best black leggings |best yoga pants | best leggings with pockets | best grip socks | best sports bras | best yoga mats | best exercise dresses | best workout tops | best running sneakers | best walking shoes |. the highly compressive sleek exterior of these lululemon leggings help support you during strenuous, high-impact exercise like running or crossfit. the hidden drawcord in the waistband holds this pair perfectly in place with one tester saying \"when i bent my body and moved around, the leggings stayed put.\" for a variety of options, you can choose between 25-, 28- and 31-inch inseams and 10 shades, including pinks, blues and greens. \"these are my new favorite leggings,\" exclaimed multiple testers. testers loved the soft, smooth fabric that offers comfortable compression that isn't see-through at all and totally \"squat proof,\" but some testers preferred a less compressive fit. up to the challenge of your sweatiest high-impact workouts, this pair of leggings proved to be durable: it showed minimal shrinkage after laundering and no pilling in lab evaluations. the fabric immediately wicked away moisture, helping to keep you dry. at an unbeatable price, these affordable colorfulkoala leggings outperformed styles quadruple the price. the soft polyester/spandex fabric makes this a great pick for low impact workouts with comfy compression. staying in pristine condition workout after workout, the fabric maintained its shape after being stretched in the lab, but had lower moisture management scores and wasn't fully opaque. with the highest consumer score, one tester exclaims that \"i like them better than my other high-end expensive workout leggings.\" with over 49,000 amazon reviewers, we love that this pick has convenient side pockets and over 30 color options to show off your personality while at the gym. these stretchy leggings are best sellers on amazon with more than 57,000 reviews and an average 4.6-star rating out of five despite costing less than $25. though we haven't tested these in the lab yet, the brand says they're ideal for a variety of workouts from yoga to running to weight lifting and more. one thing that users note is that there isn't as much tummy control as they were expecting. still, they describe these as soft and comfortable, and confirm that they aren't see-through. for exercise that involves a lot of sweat and movement, these leggings are made of a super-smooth fabric that wicks moisture and reduces friction. they're also more compressive, which can help with muscle fatigue. plus, they have pockets that lie flat in case you need to carry anything on the go. under armour leggings are always favorites in our tests, especially for their comfort, breathability and durability. if you're going to be running in cold weather, we recommend the cold weather leggings because they're fleece-lined for warmth yet still breathable for your run. the yoga pants you'll never want to take off, the good news is you don't have to. they're comfortable enough to wear as loungewear yet they perform well during workouts. the fabric is incredibly lightweight and smooth, and like the sisterhood of the traveling pants these magically fit everyone perfectly without digging in or rolling at the waist. they are known to pill a bit more than other workout leggings, but we suggest washing them inside out on the delicate cycle  and letting them air dry to prevent that. since they're more lightweight, they're best suited for lower-impact exercise. studio loyalists will appreciate the compressive fit of this athleta pair. optimal for yoga, pilates and barre classes, the brand's signature powervita nylon/lycra fabric is the perfect combination of soft and smooth. this pair has two spacious side pockets and is available in tall and petite sizing options. all testers agree that this pair is \"extremely flattering\" and \"supportive while still being comfortable,\" offering great coverage for group fitness classes. looking good as new out of the wash, we noticed no changes in appearance with only slight shrinkage. the fabric proved to be pill-resistant and moisture-wicking too, but stretched out a bit during stretch recovery tests. ideal for chilly weather workouts and lounging at home, these champion tights feature double-brushed polyester/spandex fabric to trap heat while moving with you. this pair has a 25-inch inseam for a versatile cropped length and a hidden waistband pocket. we love that this pair uses 80% recycled content for a more sustainable buy. the cozy fabric proved to be fully opaque (even during squats!). testers raved that this pair feels \"soft\" and \"thick,\" making it \"best suited for winter workouts\" while still having a flattering fit. like most brushed leggings, the fabric wasn't very moisture-wicking. a bit of sheen makes this pair of alo yoga leggings a trendy option for workouts and casual wear alike. the sleek material is lightweight to easily move with you through exercises. one tester reported that they were \"very comfortable for everyday loungewear and almost any workout\" and another said, \"the shiny material made my legs look long and lean.\". the material aced stretch recovery testing and showed no pilling whatsoever during lab evaluations, but did shrink a bit after extensive laundering. while it overall received high scores for comfort and breathability, some testers found them a bit see-through during squats (we agreed in lab testing). the fabric uses about 25 plastic bottles per pair and this pair of girlfriend leggings was a tester favorite. the thicker material offers snug compression ideal for higher impact activities that testers said is \"more comfortable than my other leggings.\" the fabric showed some pilling but maintained its shape during stretch recovery evaluations and after extensive laundering (note this pair is hang dry only). the brand offers a variety of options for this style, including lots of colors, three inseam lengths and sizes ranging from xxs through 6xl. \"i appreciate that the brand is very size-inclusive; i like being able to support an ethical fashion line whose ideals align with mine,\" raved one tester. testers especially liked that the waistband stayed put with one tester saying \"i even reach for these over running shorts because i know the waistband will stay in place no matter how fast i sprint.\". super popular, these leggings have the features you should look for in leggings for weight lifting days: a high waist, opaque fabric and a stretchy yet compressive fit. they're also moisture-wicking to help you manage sweat and there are flat seams to avoid friction and irritation from repetitive movements. on top of that, users say they're so comfortable that you'll want to wear them every single day \u2014 not just to the gym. compression leggings can help increase blood flow, reduce muscle fatigue and prevent strain before, during and after workouts. these capris are super popular and they're praised by real users, especially those with knee issues. they're a bit harder to get on than regular leggings and you need to make sure they're properly aligned, but the support panels make it easy for you to find the right fit. they're also made with a wicking material to prevent overheating. we have all worn leggings when we are not actually planning on working out that day. leggings can be the ideal comfy lounge pant, but too compressive or restrictive styles will be uncomfortable when relaxing. testers raved that this pair of aerie leggings is extremely comfy when lounging with a \"super soft\" feel and \"comfy fit.\" loving the crossover waistband, one tester exclaimed \"the overall fit of them is very flattering, as it accentuates the waist.\" in lab evaluations, we found this pair to be less suited for exercise, stretching out after stretch recovery tests and being a bit see-through. we've evaluated dozens of exercise tights through tests in our good housekeeping institute textiles lab using specialized methods and equipment combined with feedback from our consumer panel after wearing the pants during real-world workouts. in our most recent test, we evaluated 36 different styles of leggings, leading to over 1,080 data points to analyze before making these picks. \u2714\ufe0f consumer feedback: real users with a range of body types and workout routines weigh in on whether the leggings were comfortable, well-fitting, flattering, opaque and breathable. testers went on runs and walks, attended studio classes, did workouts at home and more in these leggings for over 500 collective hours before giving feedback. \u2714\ufe0f stretch recovery: a swatch of legging fabric is stretch to a standard length for two hours. after it's released, we measure a benchmarked length after one minute and one hour to see how well the fabric can return to its original shape. \u2714\ufe0f pilling resistance: swatches of fabric are rubbed together using our abrasion machine (pictured above) to see whether or not the fabric will form those pesky little balls of fibers. \u2714\ufe0f washability: after repeated wash cycles, analysts check to see shrinkage, appearance and colorfastness to make sure the leggings can stand up to long-term laundering. \u2714\ufe0f moisture management: we measure how quickly drops of water are wicked away on the insight of the fabric to check whether the leggings will handle your sweat. \u2714\ufe0f opacity: using our specialized room with industry standard lighting, we check to make sure the tights won't be see-through. \u2714\ufe0f construction: finally, each tight is scored on the quality of its fabrication, like whether it has flat seams and a gusset. \u2714\ufe0f choose the right fabric. synthetic performance fibers like nylon and polyester are better than cotton for workout pants because they\u2019re often moisture-wicking, more durable and have better stretch. pick a smooth, shiny fabric to reduce chafing in high-impact activities like running. for studio workouts like yoga where there's less friction, choose a soft fabric that looks matte. \u2714\ufe0f check the construction. the seams on the inside should be flat, not raised \u2014 they're more comfortable and help reduce irritation caused by sweat and movement. you should also make sure there\u2019s a gusset (an extra piece of fabric in the crotch area that\u2019s typically triangular or diamond-shaped). it prevents leggings from riding up, especially with lots of motion. \u2714\ufe0f do a diy sweat test. most activewear claims to be moisture-wicking, but not all fabrics passed our test. to see how a pair of leggings handles moisture, place a small drop of water on the inside of the legging; it should absorb quickly and spread out wide instead of beading up. \u2714\ufe0f make sure they\u2019re not see-through. try on the leggings in bright light for best results. bend your knee deeply; if you can see your skin through the fabric, it\u2019s not fully opaque. check again in a few months because fabric can thin out or fade over time. it\u2019s one of the most common issues we hear from consumers, and it all comes down to cleaning them the right way. first and foremost, make sure you clean sweaty fabrics asap. if you let them sit bunched up, bacteria can accumulate and make them stink. you can let them air dry before tossing in the hamper, but don\u2019t put off laundry for too long. you\u2019ll also want to skip hand washing because you need the power of a washing machine to get out the sweat. if you\u2019re worried about keeping the pants looking new, you can use the delicate cycle and hang them to dry. if your workout leggings already have a musty odor that you can't get rid of, trying machine washing them with a half-cup of white distilled vinegar and no detergent.  then do a regular cycle with detergent and dry as usual. lexie sachs is the executive director of the textiles, paper & apparel lab at the good housekeeping institute. she has a bachelor of science degree in fiber science from cornell university and more than 15 years of experience in the textiles industry, including merchandising and product development fields. lexie joined good housekeeping in 2013 and has extensively tested fitness apparel of all kinds \u2014 including workout clothes, sports bras, walking shoes and more \u2014 using specialized lab equipment and with hundreds of consumer testers. emma seymour is the senior textiles analyst at good housekeeping where she tested over 30 leggings to update this story. in her four years at good housekeeping, she has tested all types of fitness gear, including sports bras, walking shoes and yoga mats. she has a degree from cornell university in fiber science and apparel design. lexie sachs (she/her) is the executive director of the textiles, paper and apparel lab at the good housekeeping institute, where she researches, tests and reports on fabric-based products ranging from sheets, mattresses and towels to bras, fitness apparel and other clothing. she also evaluates luggage, rain gear, disposable paper goods and baby products. lexie has more than 15 years of experience in the textiles industry and a degree in fiber science from cornell university. prior to joining gh in 2013, she worked in merchandising and product development in the fashion and home industries. emma seymour (she/her) is a senior product analyst at the good housekeeping institute's textiles, paper and apparel lab, where she has led testing for luggage, pillows, towels, tampons and more since 2018. she graduated from cornell university with a bachelor of science in fiber science and apparel design and a minor in gerontology, completing research in the body scanner lab on optimizing activewear for athletic performance. katalyst ems suit review. our honest apple fitness+ review. 9 best pre-workout supplements of 2023. best supplements for menopause. 8 best pilates reformers of 2023. 9 best bathroom scales, tested & reviewed. 15 best sex toys of 2023. 10 best mental health apps. 7 best smart watches for women. 9 best walking shoes for women. 8 best foldable treadmills of 2023. a part of hearst digital media. good housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. all products featured on self are independently selected by our editors. however, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission. the best leggings are supportive, stylish, and easy to wear no matter where the day takes you. finding the holy-grail pair that isn\u2019t too tight, saggy, or thin, however, is never as easy as it seems. as you may well know, not all leggings are created equal\u2014especially when there are so many types to choose from: compression leggings that hold you in;\u00a0thermal leggings that keep you toasty in cold weather; soft, stretchy leggings ideal for\u00a0yoga flows; leggings that soothe and support\u00a0pregnant and postpartum bodies; and leggings that are comfy enough for everyday wear\u2014even to sleep. it\u2019s a lot to consider! that\u2019s where our\u00a02023 activewear awards come in. we\u2019ve spent the last several months testing dozens of pairs of leggings to find the best new styles out there. below, find the expert-informed criteria we used to pick our winners and shop our top choices by category: you\u2019ll find size-inclusive, high-quality picks from brands like athleta, columbia, spanx, zella, beyond yoga, universal standard, and more. also look out for the all-time bests\u2014a new winning category where we're awarding the leggings our testers love year after year. whether you want a pair for hiit workouts, yoga flows, or lounging, consider these factors to find the leggings that suit you best:. lastly\u2014and most importantly\u2014you should feel great in your leggings.\u00a0\u201cwhen you\u2019re low on motivation to work out, having clothes you feel good about might just give you that extra boost to get it done,\u201d\u00a0alison staples, rrca-certified run coach and physical therapist assistant, previously told self. the leggings considered for the 2023 self activewear awards had to meet our submission guidelines, which you can read more about\u00a0here. after brands submitted almost 500 items, a group of 45 testers (consisting of self staffers, fitness professionals, and exercise enthusiasts) got to work testing. testers had two months to wear an item several times and in a number of ways, judging its performance against the standards set in self\u2019s\u00a0activewear buying guide (a summary of which you can read above!). the leggings that came out on top are listed below. during our selection process, we were met once again with the disheartening reality that plus-size activewear options are not nearly as numerous as they should be, nor are they offered in the same quality as many straight sized lines. for that reason, we decided to include items that went up to a size 2x on the winners list, while instituting a new extended sizing badge system so you can easily tell at a glance which products are made for you (or not, as the case may be). for items that do only go up to 2x, we\u2019ve mentioned comparable options from brands we trust that weren\u2019t part of the testing process but are available in additional sizes. we hope that these awards, the badge system, and self as a whole will continue to push the industry forward when it comes to size inclusivity and fat acceptance. you can read more about our behind-the-scenes process\u00a0here.\u00a0and don\u2019t forget to check out the\u00a0rest of the 2023 self activewear award winners\u00a0here! \u201cin athletics, the idea behind compression wear is to improve blood flow or oxygen delivery to muscles,\u201d\u00a0james borchers, md, director of the division of sports medicine at ohio state university wexner medical center,\u00a0previously told self. though studies about the benefits of compression clothing are minimal, experts say that compression wear appears to have some recovery benefits\u2014and regardless, the tighter fit can just feel really nice. our testers praised these sweat-wicking prana transform compression leggings in particular for their \u201cbeautiful fit,\u201d hidden key pocket, and upf 50+ fabric. \u201ci love the level of compression these leggings offer,\u201d said one judge. \u201cthey feel snug and secure without being overly tight or restrictive (and don\u2019t make me sweat).\u201d. available in sizes xs to 3x. \u201cthese leggings made me feel cute and stylish,\u201d one tester wrote. \u201cthe fit was perfect; they stayed up the entire time and didn\u2019t roll down. plus, the thicker waistband made me feel secure and comfortable.\u201d these two-toned bottoms come in a range of fun colors, have a hidden interior pocket for keys, and a subtle v-shaped seaming in the back that highlights your butt. available in sizes xxs to xxl. additional sizes up to 3x available in a similar style\u00a0here. if you\u2019re someone who practically lives in leggings, this high-waisted pair from zella is the perfect \u201cdurable, soft, everyday\u201d option, as one tester put it. \u201cthese leggings fit my short, curvy frame. they are uber soft and comfy\u2014i loved the feeling of the material, which wasn't super thin but not so thick that i felt hot or stuffy in them. they\u2019re very easy to get on and off and offer just the right amount of stretch. i loved putting these on, and they genuinely just made me feel comfortable and excited to go about my day,\u201d she said. bonus: the leggings come with side pockets that are big enough to fit your phone. by tasneem anjarwalla. available in sizes xs to xxl. for leggings you\u2019ll reach for day after day, we recommend the reebok lux tights, which are extra high-waisted for support and shaping. \u201ci am\u00a0obsessed\u00a0with these leggings,\u201d one tester wrote. \u201csometimes full-length leggings look \u2018bunchy\u2019 at the ankles, but these were perfect. the high waistband is extremely comfortable and flattering. they\u2019re absolutely squat-proof as well. i felt very confident and comfortable, and i was able to complete all workouts without having to pull these up or adjust them at all (even during sweaty vinyasa yoga class).\u201d. available in sizes 2xs to 4x. our judges raved about the soft, airbrushed material of these cropped vuori leggings, which they say are just the right amount of high-waisted and a great go-to bottom if you\u2019re looking for a sleek silhouette. \u201ci feel confident and comfortable in them, thanks to their streamlined design, buttery soft fabric, and proportional fit,\u201d one judge wrote. \u201cthe material moves with you, and i was able to do everything from squat to lunge to just plain walk in them. i didn\u2019t have to mess with the drawstring at all.\u201d. available in sizes xxs to xxl. \u201cwhen i first pulled these pants out of the package i couldn\u2019t stop touching the fabric. it\u2019s so silky soft on and off of your body,\u201d one of our judges said. \u201cthey fit amazingly and i honestly kept them on all day after walking because they were so comfortable.\u201d what sets these spanx leggings apart is their lightweight, slippery-soft material that hugs the leg. \u201cwhile wearing them on my hikes, the leggings were so light, comfortable, and compressive that i didn\u2019t really notice them on my body,\u201d another judge said. \u201ci didn\u2019t have to readjust the fit, and my temperature felt cool and regulated. even though they\u2019re skin-tight, i didn\u2019t feel self-conscious.\u201d. available in sizes xs to 3x. for a classic pair of leggings that wick sweat and come in a large range of sizes, turn to these tights from athleta. one tester (who wore them to cardio and strength-train) appreciated their snug, cropped fit and soft, but not-too-thick material. \u201cthey didn\u2019t roll down or sag throughout my workout and were easy to peel off,\u201d she wrote. \u201cthey\u2019re a great standard legging in the sense that i could imagine myself wanting multiple pairs.\u201d. available in sizes xxs to 3x. for a pair of leggings that you might just forget are even on your body, turn to the second-skin next to naked leggings. \u201cthese leggings are super soft and make you feel like you\u2019re barely wearing pants,\u201d one judge said. \u201cthey would work for a wide range of people\u2014from those looking for comfortable, flattering athleisure to those looking for comfy leggings for light to fairly serious workouts.\u201d universal standard gets extra points for its inclusive sizing as well. by tasneem anjarwalla. available in sizes 4xs to 4xl. these high-rise compression leggings (which we\u2019ve honored in\u00a0previous years) continue to be crowd pleasers thanks to their sturdy, supportive waistband, no-sag fit, large pockets, and inclusive size range. \u201cthe leggings definitely did everything they were supposed to do. they were supportive, comfortable, cute, and helped me stay dry when i was really sweaty. i especially appreciated how the waistband stayed in place, and overall i didn\u2019t have to adjust anything during my workouts,\u201d one judge wrote. available in sizes l to 7xl. known for its bras, thirdlove has proven it\u2019s a competitor in the activewear space too, with a second consecutive self activewear award for their kinetic performance legging. what sets these apart is their elastic-free waist, which feels seamless and slips on and off easily. one tester, who wore the leggings during two-hour-long runs and a workout class, gave them top marks for their sizable pockets and compression at the band: \u201cthey\u2019re the perfect amount of stretchy, and i had no problem squatting in them. i could wear these leggings year-round. the material is airy enough for summer but they\u2019re full-length enough to keep me warm in winter.\u201d. available in sizes xs to 3x. constructed without a front seam, these leggings help you avoid camel toe while still offering plenty of waistband support, four-way stretch, and a special seam that gives a little glute boost. one tester continually reached for these ahead of ballet classes, as they made her feel \u201cgraceful.\u201d. available in sizes xxs to xxxxl. beyond yoga leggings are the blueprint for \u201cbuttery soft.\u201d they\u2019re thick, tight, and extremely stretchy, so you can tackle all of your folds, inversions, and restorative poses without feeling restricted. \u201cthese leggings definitely lived up to my expectations,\u201d wrote one tester. \u201ci found myself reaching for them again and again since they were so comfortable, cute, and i didn't have to fiddle with them while teaching or practicing yoga.\u201d. available in sizes xxs to 4x. when you have a barbell strapped across your back, the last thing you want to be thinking about is a leggings snafu. you can trust this pair from nobull, a brand that also\u00a0makes some of the best strength-training shoes around. \u201cthese leggings held up through deadlifts, squats, split squats, and lunges,\u201d said one tester. \u201ci didn\u2019t have to fuss with the waistband at all, and i didn't feel like i needed to adjust it a lot either. i felt like the function was really good here\u2014it moved with me and never impeded my workout.\u201d. available in sizes xs to xxl.\u00a0additional sizes available in a similar style\u00a0here. \u201cmy stomach is still settling back to its new normal postpartum, and the high-waisted, thick compression band at the top of these leggings is super comfortable,\u201d one tester said. she appreciated the simplicity and support of these lightweight, medium-support aerie leggings around her belly while she ran, took a squat class, and did pilates: \u201ci feel super confident in these leggings. they\u2019re the perfect fit and provide just the right support around my stomach.\u201d. by tasneem anjarwalla. available in sizes xxs to xxl, including long and short. additional sizes up to 4x available in a similar style\u00a0here. if you\u2019re someone who likes to exercise outdoors when temperatures drop,\u00a0thermal and\u00a0fleece-lined leggings come in handy. our judges\u2019 favorite for 2023 was this pair from columbia, which reflect and trap heat while wicking sweat so that you stay both warm and dry. one of our testers was impressed by their comfort, durability, and\u2014most importantly\u2014their lasting heat: \u201ci wore only these as bottoms while hiking in 32-degree weather (with no other base layers). the leggings were not only warm but were flexible and responsive with my movement. i\u2019ll be wearing these on more hikes and camping trips to come.\u201d. available in sizes xs to 3x. if your movement of choice is a long trek through rugged terrain, you need a pair of leggings that will protect you from snags and falls. the outdoor research ad-vantage leggings are ideal, with a high-waisted fit, spacious pockets, and a design created in collaboration with a professional competitive climber who pinpointed areas that need extra strength against abrasion. \"these leggings are meant to be reinforced for hiking outdoors. i am able to move at any angle in these and they stay in place,\" said one tester. \u201ci also feel like they\u2019re perfect for travel because they are durable, lightweight, and have some compression.\u201d. available in sizes xs to xxl.\u00a0additional sizes up to 26 available in a similar style\u00a0here. haven\u2019t you heard? yoga pants as regular pants are back, thanks to the larger y2k revival. our testers appreciated the smooth, silky fabric of these flare-bottom leggings, as well as the contoured waistband that feels snug and doesn\u2019t budge with movement. the flared leg makes them look purposeful and styled\u2014more so than a classic pair of leggings, which sometimes look more like a base layer. available in sizes xs to 3x. self does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. any information published on this website or by this brand is not intended as a substitute for medical advice, and you should not take any action before consulting with a healthcare professional. \u00a9 2023 cond\u00e9 nast. all rights reserved. use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement and privacy policy and cookie statement and your california privacy rights. self may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our affiliate partnerships with retailers. the material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of cond\u00e9 nast. ad choices. things you buy through our links may earn vox media a commission. during my six years as a shopping writer, i\u2019ve reviewed many pairs of leggings for my job and for personal interest. and after wearing them for pilates, rumble, monster cycle (rip), \u201chot-girl walks,\u201d running, trampoline classes, at-home workouts, dance classes, and many other workout options, i feel well equipped to say this: leggings can make or break a workout. a pair that fits well can support you and help you get hyped to exercise. on the flip side, an undesired wedgie or a waistline that doesn\u2019t stay put can discourage you. and as much as i would love a \u201cone-legging-fits-all\u201d approach, i struggle to say that exists. that\u2019s why i\u2019ve filled my closet with leggings for different types of workouts: high-waisted ones, ones with pockets, and even some that are fleece-lined. i\u2019ve listed the best leggings for any type of workout below. reviewers really, really, really, love these leggings from ododos. there are more than 5,900 reviews for them on amazon, with more than 70 percent five-star reviews. the top review is titled simply \u201clove these leggings.\u201d the pants are comfortable for lower-impact activities, but might not stand up to a hiit or boxing class. available in sizes xs\u2013xxl. it wouldn\u2019t be a workout legging list without lululemon, would it? these offer super-high coverage and go all the way up past your belly button, making them perfect for pairing with crop tops or your favorite sports bra without worrying about exposing a ton of skin. as one reviewer notes, it accentuates your waist for a \u201csnatched\u201d look.\u00a0the everlux fabric is smooth to the touch and meant for lower-impact activities like yoga.available in sizes 0\u201320. if you\u2019d prefer a lower rise in the world of ubiquitous high-waisted pants, these gems from amazon are your answer. they have a functional pocket, are \u201csquat-proof\u201d (meaning they won\u2019t suddenly become sheer or split when you squat down), and are just as comfortable for lounging as they are for working out. available in sizes xs\u20133x. made with 58 percent recycled nylon and 42 percent elastane, these are ideal for at-home low-impact workouts. they\u2019re also lightweight without being see-through and come in two lengths, especially helpful if you\u2019re on the petite side.available in sizes xxs\u2013xxl. these leggings are made with a blend of polyester and spandex to stretch and move with you during a workout. there are two pockets, which are just large enough to fit a phone. smaller pockets are actually a good thing in a pair of leggings, because it holds your phone in place by your hip rather than sending it all the way down your thigh.available in sizes xs\u2013xxl. whenever i want to add one of ob\u00e9\u2019s\u00a0on-demand dance-cardio classes into my workout routine, i like to wear my zella leggings. something about the blue hue makes me feel like i\u2019m a professional dancer. plus, they hold up well during the 45-minute sessions of cardio and whenever i just freestyle and make a complete fool of myself. available in sizes xxs\u2013xxl. if you\u2019re in the mood to punch a bag, wear these leggings. you won\u2019t have to worry about them moving around or being too tight. you\u2019ll have more time to release all that pent-up stress during your class instead of adjusting your leggings every so often. available in sizes xs\u20133xl. aritzia fans know that their leggings are the best for running errands. they are buttery soft, hug your curves just right, and can withstand carrying your groceries up your walk-up and a full day of doing your laundry. available in sizes xxs\u2013xxl. recently, i took a somatic movement class where you lay on the floor and focus on your pelvis by doing subtle movements. these leggings felt so comfy that i forgot i had them on. available in sizes xxs\u20133x. don\u2019t take it from me, but hailey bieber and kendall jenner also turn to their alo yoga leggings for a pilates class. and while the rhode founder likes to wear the high-waisted alosoft highlight leggings, i gravitate towards the 7/8 high-waisted airlift because the double-knit airlift fabric definitely works wonders. the moisture-wicking technology just soaks up the sweat, so i don\u2019t feel sticky at all. available in sizes xxs\u2013xxl. cotton leggings aren\u2019t usually my first pick; however, these leggings from ugg really changed that when it comes to pilates classes. they are soft and thick enough to stay in place through a session without scrunching up in all the wrong places. available in sizes xxs\u20133x. we wrote about these fleece-lined pants in our fleece-lined winter leggings round up, and we are still obsessed with them for wintertime workouts. they\u2019re lightweight and wicking enough for you to workout in them without becoming a living puddle of sweat, but warm enough to brave ever-dipping temps outside.available in sizes xs\u2013xxl. these instagram-friendly leggings can hold up to a wide gamut of activities, but i prefer them for cycling. despite the fabric being ribbed they are incredibly comfortable no matter how intense your biking session is. available in sizes xs\u2013xl. girlfriend collective\u2019s leggings are made with recycled water bottles. they\u2019re also super-cozy and have a soft, almost shiny texture to them. since the fabric is tightly woven synthetic material, they tend to hold heat well. they\u2019re great for brisker activities, less so for super-sweaty ones. these have a super-high rise, too, making them ideal for when you want to wear a crop top but not show a ton of skin.available in sizes xs\u2013xl. the north face is always the best brand for adventures. these leggings are quick-drying with a high-rise waist and zipped and drop-down pockets. perfect for a weekend trip lounging and hiking in l.a.available in sizes xs\u2013xl. when doing a barre-style class, you need something that stretches and can withstand movement without being too constricting. these freeform fabric leggings do all that and more. they\u2019re oh-so-soft and feel like a second skin. they have a high rise, and the wide waistband doesn\u2019t pinch.available in xxs\u20133x. strategist writer karen iorio adelson wrote about these capri-length leggings in her best women\u2019s running clothes roundup, and they\u2019re a solid buy. the light material fits snugly, like a second skin, while keeping you cool, and an interior waist drawcord prevents the pants from slipping down every few strides.available in sizes 0\u201320. if you\u2019re looking for buttery-soft leggings, these are the gold standard. the nulu fabric with added lycra is stretchy and supportive, moving with you even through extra-sweaty flows. the small pocket in the front of the waistband can fit an id or credit card and lies flat with a high rise. the 25-inch length has the widest size range, but there are\u00a028- and 31-inch options as well. that\u2019s all to say, yes, they are worth the hype.available in sizes 0\u201314. there was a time pre-pandemic when i trained with nike trainers. since the workouts varied each time, these were my favorite leggings to wear because, despite the constant moving and sweating, these held up well and sprang back into shape wash after wash.available in sizes xs\u20132xl. our beauty writer, asia milia ware, swears by gymshark. its leggings are lightweight and breathable for your most intense training sessions and have plenty of support for weight training. the material is super-stretchy, so if you think you may be between sizes, you can size down for a more compressive fit.available in sizes xs\u2013xl. i may not know much about indoor bouldering, but i do know that these leggings were the ideal pair for this beginner to the sport. they stretched accordingly with my body and made me feel as though i knew what i was doing. sweaty betty leggings are known to be the leggings to make your butt look great. you take that and pair it with a trampoline workout class? your behind will look and feel great. trust me.available in sizes xxs\u2013xxl. if you\u2019re looking for one pair of leggings to rule most workouts, these can withstand anything you throw at them. lifting? check. running? check. the fabric is made with sustainable materials, passes the squat test, and wicks away sweat to keep you dry and cool. plus it features a high-rise waistband that won\u2019t roll down during your workout.available in sizes xxs\u20132x. by submitting your email, you agree to our terms and privacy notice and to receive email correspondence from us. things you buy through our links may earn vox media a commission. purewow editors select every item that appears on this page, and the company may earn compensation through affiliate links within the story. you can learn more about that process here. we can\u2019t tell you how many times we\u2019ve tried the \u201cbest\u201d workout leggings, only to find that they slip down during spin class, show our underwear during downward dog or pill after just one wash. in our search to find the real best workout leggings for everyone (since we all have different body types and fitness goals), we asked women to share their honest opinions on their go-to pants, crops and more. here, the best workout leggings, whether you\u2019re a yogi or an ultramarathon runner. our editors look for qualities like moisture-wicking capabilities and breathability when it came to functionality and quality, while simultaneously judging the comfort by how stretchy and soft the fabric is. we also like to take into consideration how well they fit on different body types, the thickness of the waistband, how well they stay up during workouts, seam construction, pilling tendencies after many wears and, of course, the overall aesthetic of the leggings. and trust us, our editors are picky, so after our meticulous testing, our scores reflect our honest opinion. 26 pairs of leggings with pockets that are big enough to hold all your essentials. these new leggings from lululemon hit the nail on the head in just about every way. the nulux fabric is basically weightless and super breathable, so if you're running outside on a hot day, they won't cause you to overheat. they also have a handy back pocket for your keys, a hidden drawstring in the front for cinching and no inseam. you can't ask for much more in a workout legging. squat-proof, smooth and compressive, these lightweight recycled polyester leggings feel like a second skin, according to reviewers. happy customers also report that they're not see-through (an essential feature for everyday wear) and that they hug the body well. and with three hidden pockets, you can fit most of your essentials. one buyer shares, \"i love how they are silky smooth and offer some compression and lift. i [also] appreciate that these leggings are very thin feeling but are not see-through at all when bending over or squatting.\". size range: xxs to xl. these are the seamless leggings we all need. the problem some folks face with seamless leggings is gapping and sagging in the butt area. these have incredible compression from the high waist down to the calves, and because of that hold, they contour your booty like no other. these leggings also have tiny holes along the sides of the legs, making them super breathable. in other words, they're a sweaty girl's dream. size range: xs to xxl. purewow senior editor sarah stiefvater feels so passionately about these ultracor leggings, she wrote an entire review describing her love-hate relationship with them. (the hate mostly centers around the fact that each pair costs $198.) after wearing them to a spin class and experiencing their high-stretch, soft compression and sweat-wicking abilities, she promptly retired her favorite leggings. but what sets them apart from the rest, you ask? \u201cthey stay put through burpees, box jumps and sprints on the rowing machine without ever feeling too tight,\u201d she says. plus, they have a unique built-in underwear design that smooths lumps and bumps and makes your butt look good. stiefvater has a hot tip for anyone else who is still cringing at that price: wait until they go on sale. you can usually find them marked down at athleticwear sites, like carbon38 or bandier. best for low-impact workouts. more of a sculpt, yoga or barre person? this pair\u2019s for you. everlane\u2019s minimalist leggings are advertised as \"ideal for all types of workouts,\" but according to our former fashion director dena silver, lower impact workouts are where they really shine. \u201cthey\u2019re super soft and stretchy, but not too heavy on the compression fabric, which makes them really easy to move around in,\u201d she explains. in fact, they\u2019re so comfy, she says it almost feels like you\u2019re wearing nothing at all. the only downside? silver mentions that the lighter colors show sweat marks, so definitely take that into consideration before you wear them to hot yoga. size range: xxs to xxl. this pair is another fave for everything from running miles to running errands. there\u2019s nothing worse than having to stop mid-vinyasa flow to yank up your waistband, and you'll never have to do that with these since the stretchy, super soft nylon and spandex fabric will both sculpt and support your legs and booty without suffocating them. the array of pretty colorways that are available changes often, which might explain how we've ended up with six pairs\u2026and counting. best for plus-size women. for this pick, we turned to plus-size ultramarathon runner latoya shauntay snell. she\u2019s logged hundreds of miles wearing this exact pair, so you know they\u2019re worth every penny. \u201cbetween the vibrant color and pockets, i feel a boost of confidence while wearing them. and as a plus-size woman, i like the added security of knowing that [they\u2019re] not see-through, chafe-free and hold in my tummy when i\u2019m doing high and low impact workouts,\u201d she says. snell is also a fan of the waistband that never rolls down, even on mile 21. most sustainable leggings. as far as sustainability goes, girlfriend collective\u2019s leggings are the best of the best. the fabric is made from 25 recycled water bottles, which saves 3 gallons of water and prevents 18 pounds of co2 emissions when compared to the average production process of leggings, according to the company. that said, the material feels so luxe you\u2019d never guess it had a previous life. we find that our girlfriend collective leggings are best suited for yoga and sculpt classes, because the compression material keeps us feeling sucked in, even if we're attempting a particularly tricky move\u2014looking at you, crow pose. word to the wise: if you\u2019re between sizes, go up. size range: xxs to 6xl. best for all workouts. multiple women declared this best-selling style from lululemon their all-time fave, and for good reason. the brand's patented nulu fabric is the main selling point. (two words: buttery soft.) though they're recommended for low-impact workouts like yoga, they're fabulous for barre and pilates as well. if you're wearing them for more than just yoga, though, you might notice that the crotch pills easily (especially if your thighs tend to rub or touch together even a little bit). even with that small flaw, these leggings will always hold a special place in our hearts (and closets). best maternity leggings. according to purewow\u2019s executive editor candace davison, these maternity leggings were a total godsend when she was pregnant with her daughter. she wore them for everything from orange theory and yoga during her first trimester to just lounging on the couch closer to her due date. \u201cthe extra-high waistband is super supportive on a growing stomach\u2014which became crucial for preventing back pain during my second trimester,\u201d she noted. after months of nonstop use, they did pill a little bit between the thighs, but davison says they were great otherwise. best butt-sculpting workout leggings. \u201cevery time i decide to try a new brand of leggings, i\u2019m left disappointed that i didn\u2019t just invest in another pair of sweaty betty\u2019s power leggings instead,\u201d says purewow\u2019s svp of growth emily kerr. she became a loyal fan of the style because they\u2019re durable, never see-through and come in a variety of pretty shades and patterns. but her favorite thing about these leggings? they make her butt look amazing, thanks to the flattering seams that are designed to do just that. size range: xxs to xxl. want the look and feel of a pair of high-end leggings without the price tag? opt for this high-waist pair from amazon. purewow's former fashion director dena silver agrees, adding \u201cthey have light compression and the seams fall right where they should for a flattering fit around the tummy and thighs.\u201d a tip: reviewers say the patterned options tend to be stretchier and softer than the solid ones, so if you choose a patterned pair, you might want to size down to avoid potential slippage. just don't forget to apply the coupon to get an additional five percent off. size range: xs to xxl. purewow\u2019s director of branded content, cristina gutierrez, could never find leggings that fit her pear-shaped frame quite right...until she tried on a pair of zella\u2019s live in leggings. \u201cthey check all of my boxes: affordable, thick, enough coverage, a high waist that doesn\u2019t feel like a corset, stretchy and suction-cupped to my body in a way that feels like a second skin,\u201d she says. she recommends checking nordstrom rack to see if you can find them on sale before you pay full price. size range: xxs to xl. best for winter running. these leggings won't budge on your waist while you're out for a chilly run in the winter. they are made from the brand's patented inverno blend fabric for warmth and effortlessness with every stride. purewow's senior food editor, katherine gillen, adds, \"they\u2019re sweat-wicking, quick drying and feel pretty lightweight but the material is brushed on the inside, so it\u2019s fleecy-soft and warm. bonus points for the back pocket and the bonded seams to prevent chafing.\". best for breathability. comfy running leggings for cheap? we're in. these are flexible and comfortable for any workout, but our fashion editor, abby hepworth, likes them for running. \"they really live up to the name and are super soft and smooth. they come with pockets on the sides, which is an absolute must when i go for a run (although old navy also makes them without pockets), and i appreciate that they come in tall and petite lengths, too.\". these best sellers have quickly become some of our favorite leggings to wear for a hiit workout. we love that they don't pill because of their nylon exterior, yet they still feel smooth against the skin. on top of that, they're moisture-wicking and have a lovely four-way stretch. size range: xxs to xl. best moisture-wicking. the thick waistband on these leggings is unmatched. we especially love them for high-intensity workouts, like circuit training. if you sweat a lot in the crotch or waist areas, they soak up the moisture almost instantly, thanks to their everlux fabric (which is lululemon's fastest drying fabric available). in sum, they'll keep you comfortable without leaving any dampness behind. best all-day leggings. when we talk about leggings you can wear to work out and run errands, we have to mention this nylon and spandex pair. buyers can't stop raving about how comfortable they are, thanks to their combined wide waistband and high-rise fit. writes one satisfied customer, \"it makes it so there\u2019s no uncomfortable pinching at all. [they're] seriously as relaxing as good maternity pants. and no see-through problems for me.\". size range: xs/s to xl. sure, a lot of the pants on this list have pretty impressive size ranges, but this particular athleta pair (which also boast convenient pockets) comes in regular, tall, petite and plus sizes ranging from xxs to 3x. and according to one reviewer, they have major range in terms of what you can wear \u2019em for, too. \u201ci seriously have worn these for everything from sitting on the couch to skiing to running five miles,\u201d she explains. now, that\u2019s impressive. size range: xxs to 3x. best workout leggings for short women. short ladies, listen up: shopper jessie l. has found the perfect leggings for you. she says this pair hits just above the ankle, rather than bunching up or looking full-length, like most of the other \u215e length pairs she\u2019s tried. \u201ci like how the high-waist design smooths my waist and moves with me,\u201d she adds. the airbrush material is also designed to smooth and sculpt the legs and butt. size range: xxs to xl. spin enthusiast jackie c. says these fabletics leggings are her favorite to wear on the bike because the compression powerhold fabric makes her feel secure and held in. at the waist, the extra support reminds her to keep her core engaged\u2014something she admittedly struggles with. oh, and jackie confirms that they\u2019re totally squat proof, if that\u2019s something you\u2019re concerned about. it\u2019s also worth noting that they\u2019re available in sizes xxs to 4x, making this pair a lot more size-inclusive than some others on the market. size range: xxs to 4x. best polyester leggings. even though these beloved high-rise and cropped leggings are made of polyester and elastane, customers say they feel like cotton, so you can bet they're as breathable and stretchy as they come. these are ideal for lower-impact workouts, like soulcycle or yoga class. the v-waistband with ruched detailing also makes them one of the most flattering pairs to buy. highest rated on amazon. colorfulkoala\u2019s leggings are known for being among the most comfortable and affordable on amazon, so it\u2019s no wonder they\u2019ve racked up more than 15,000 five-star reviews. they\u2019re comfy enough to rock for just about any type of workout, confirms happy customer janine o. she says her colorfulkoala leggings have never let her down, but she especially likes wearing them for hiit and boxing classes, since they don\u2019t need to be adjusted constantly. that\u2019s the dream, right? best stay-in-place leggings. \"these are great,\" raves lululemon fan gabriella. \"i have cycled, run and weight lifted in them. these did not slide down or roll on my waist, which was amazing. pockets are super convenient, will be purchasing more!\" she\u2019s so enamored with this pair\u2019s comfort and sturdiness that she's ready to buy another. according to lululemon\u2019s site, these leggings were specifically designed for running, but we wouldn't blame you for considering investing in a pair for everyday errands, like grocery shopping, as well. if you prefer to wear your leggings until they come apart at the seams, athleta\u2019s capris were made for you. these babies are so durable that reviewer anne f. says she\u2019s owned multiple pairs that have lasted six or seven years. even more impressive? after all that time, they have yet to pill or become threadbare in high-friction areas. reviewers say they\u2019re opaque, ultra-flattering and buttery-soft, too. and they\u2019re available in tall, regular, petite and plus sizes, which is a major win for women everywhere. size range: xxs to 3x. best moisture-wicking. buyer eliza k., who recommended these target brand leggings to us, is crazy about them. as a matter of fact, she was hesitant to mention them for fear that they might sell out once others catch on. alas, she decided to share her $25 secret with the rest of us. the all in motion capris are made from a thick material that eliza says makes them totally opaque, regardless of the workout. the polyester-spandex blend sculpts while wicking away moisture, so they're appropriate for all levels of intensity. just note that you might want to size up, as some reviewers say the waistband tends to dig in a bit. softest workout leggings. these beyond yoga workout bottoms are ridiculously soft and smooth over your legs and butt for a flattering fit, according to a review from tiffany k. and nope, they won\u2019t start sagging five minutes into your zumba class. they also happen to be moisture-wicking, making them ideal for your next hot yoga sesh. best lightweight workout leggings. if you\u2019re familiar with the v-waist aerie leggings that went viral on tiktok, these are basically their sister pair. they\u2019re made from the same figure-flattering nylon material customers love, just with a traditional straight waist instead of a cross-front waist. \"they\u2019re the softest and silkiest leggings ever, and they\u2019ve held up through, like, 600 washes,\u201d writes lauren e. in a glowing review. size range: xxs to xxl. best for cold weather. want to stay warm during the winter? get these fan-favorite fleece-lined leggings, designed to keep you extra cozy during brisk morning runs. you can get them with or without pockets, but we think you'll love having the option either way. take it from this one happy buyer: \"i purchased these leggings with the idea to wear them hiking in the winter. i have not been disappointed. i wore them in 20-degree temperatures and was comfortable in them.\". best leggings with pockets. \"i love the pockets, there's one on each side large enough to hold my cellphone,\" writes happy customer liz. \"the pocket in the waistband also fits my phone, and held it there through a pretty strenuous jump/burpee test. very convenient place to hold your phone if you want to make sure it doesn't fall out while working out.\" she loves the snug fit and says she would even buy a size down for some extra compression. more than 34,000 others back liz up, giving 5-star ratings that proclaim they're a must-have. one thrilled buyer writes, \"love! love! love! got these in four different colors. they are very flattering. they may look like they may run a little small when you pull them out the package\u2014but don\u2019t panic\u2014once you put them on, you\u2019ll fall in love instantly! they don\u2019t slip, and they make my bum look amazing!\" they have a high-compression waistband with adorable cutout details on the sides for extra breathability and contour your body beautifully from every angle. not sold yet? check out the matching bra. 13 pairs of pants that feel like leggings (but look way more polished). want to know which buzzy products are *really* worth buying? sign up for our shopping newsletter to uncover our favorite finds. all products are independently selected by our editors. if you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission. by alice barraclough and sophie cockett. on the hunt for the best gym leggings? you've come to the right place. as a shopping editor and self-confessed spin/1rebel/workout addict, i've tried more than my fair share. after all, i'm a firm believer that your gym leggings are one of your most crucial pieces of fit-kit. when you feel your best, you perform your best \u2013 and investing in a pair of sports tights that don't fall down, don't turn see-through when you squat and which flatter your figure will make you feel fabulous. of course, to the untrained eye, gym leggings can all look the same. but trust me when i tell you that they can vary wildly. search for \"gym leggings\" in google and you'll be faced with over 158,000,000 (!) results, making the process to your dream pair of sports leggings a little overwhelming (and confusing). workout leggings don't always come cheap, and when you're spending upwards of \u00a350, you want to be sure they'll deliver. ahead, everything you need to know in your quest to achieve your fitness goals - as well as my favourite pair of gym leggings ever. what to look for in a pair of gym leggings | what's the difference between yoga pants and gym leggings? | how to make your gym leggings last longer | how we tested | our full reviews. this is why i avoided exercise for years. it was easier to be the fat person society thought i was. firstly, your gym leggings need to stay up when you're squatting, lunging, running and weight-lifting. high rise leggings with a chunky waistband \u2013 perhaps even a waistband with an internal drawcord \u2013 will stay put no matter how low you go. no one wants to be constantly tugging at their waist, or pulling up material around the crotch area. the fast and free high-rise tight 25\" from lululemon have an internal drawcord to tighten them and avoid them falling down mid-run, as do these epic \u00a325 (!) gym leggings from the m&s goodmove collection. secondly, the best gym leggings should be opaque af so your neighbours don't get a glimpse of your cotton underwear when you squat in front of your window. the bamboo clothing high waist 7/8 enduro bamboo leggings passed the squat test time and time again, serving up coverage that's worth shouting about. lastly? your training leggings need to be sweat wicking, absorbing moisture from your skin and drying quickly. this is particularly important in the winter so that you don't stay damp and catch a chill. every pair of sculpting gym leggings in this edit are as moisture wicking as they come, but if you want to test the claims, place a drop of water on the fabric and make sure it spreads out sharpish (and doesn\u2019t bead up). it's worth noting here that you may have noticed our existing round up the best yoga pants. if so, you're probably left wondering what on earth the difference is. and you'd be forgiven. granted \u2013 the difference between the best yoga leggings and the best gym leggings is minimal \u2013 but, generally speaking, yoga pants are much softer while gym leggings are compressive and more supportive. only wash your leggings when you actually need to (read: when you've run a 10k in them; not when you've just sat on the sofa) \u2013 and don't wash them at a temperature any higher than 30 degrees. turn them inside out when you wash them, avoid fabric softner and refrain from putting them in the tumble drier. it'll only turn them saggy. we've done the part that\u2019s even *harder* than the workout itself: testing a whole bunch of the best gym leggings from brands like nike, adidas, lululemon, puma, reebok and under armour. sounds like the dream job, but we did have to work up an almighty sweat in the process. the result is a carefully curated of bestsellers for you to wishlist, from seamless gym leggings, to plus size gym leggings, nike gym leggings, gymshark leggings and black gym leggings that'll look just as great with your sweatshirts at brunch as they will when you're pounding the pavements. each of the leggings here have been physically sweat-tested by a member of the glamour uk team. we've practised our sun salutations in them, relentlessly knocked out burpees, press ups and dumbbell snatches wearing them and even donned them during our weekly food shop. each pair has been scored on style, stretch and sweat-wicking ability, as well as their comfort, ability to stay up and retain their quality when washed. after more workout content? shop the best sports bra, best fitness trackers and best running trainers. we've also got the best black leggings, if you're looking for an every day pair. lululemon align\u2122 high-rise pant 28\", \u00a388, lululemon. sizes: us 0-20.colours: 35 different hues, including a selection in the sale. fabric: lululemon nulu fabric.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cthese are, hands down, my most favourite pair of gym leggings ever \u2013 and the pair i reach for the most. whether i'm spinning, doing a hiit workout or lazing around on the sofa, they're an absolute dream to wear. the fabric is so buttery soft you can hardly feel you're wearing leggings at all, they're squat-proof, super high-waisted and they never fall down mid-downward dog. so, so good. i'm after them in every other colour.\u201d. power high waist gym leggings, \u00a380, sweaty betty. sizes: xxs-xxl.colours: black, plum red, khaki, blue cheetah print, black fade print, green disperse print.fabric: 62% polyamide, 38% elastane.style: high-waisted; bum-sculpting. why we love them: \u201cfor something which feels a little more compressive than the lululemon align pants, sweaty betty's bestselling power high waist gym leggings are my go-to. they're more high-waisted than the aforementioned \u2013 and while they're not quite as soft, the extra thickness gives you that little more coverage when you're moving around. they're bum-sculpting which makes me feel really confident in the gym, and the fabric wicks away sweat in an instant. even in the sweatiest workouts, i never feel cold or damp. consider me a firm fan.\u201d. lululemon align\u2122 v-waist pant 25\", \u00a388, lululemon. sizes: us 0-20.colours: pomegranate, black, green.fabric: lululemon's nulu fabric.style: high-waisted; 25\" leg. why we love them: \u201cbased on previous out-pourings of love (see above), we all know how obsessed i am with lululemon's align pants. so when they released them with a stylish, v-waistband? i was all. over. it. as always, they're so buttery-soft they feel weightless, they have a four-way stretch for comfort and the added lycra\u00ae fibre means they retain their shape really well. but this time, they come with a back drop-in pocket for essentials and a low-rise front centre. perfect for low-impact workouts. adore.\u201d. daily legging, \u00a390, vuori. sizes: xxs-xxl.colours: black camo, black, oxford blue, cactus green, cosmo blue, pool blue, ruby, ink. fabric: breatheinterlock\u2122 fabric - 72% polyester, 28% elastane.style: high-waisted; drawstring. why we love them: \u201cvuori is one of the hottest sustainable activewear brands of the year and well worth having on your radar. their fans include harry styles, ben affleck, liam hemsworth, anna kendrick and kaia gerber \u2013 and now, me. these high-waisted workout pants get my vote for the drawstring waist which keeps the band in place all day, the flattering 7/8 cut legs and the no-slip finish. oh, and the cuffed ankles, which look really cool with your crispest pair of white trainers.\u201d. vital seamless 2.0 leggings, \u00a345, gymshark. sizes: xs-xxl.colours: black marl, woodland green marl, maroon marl, espresso marl, violet marl, pearl blue marl, vanilla brown mar, chilli red marl, fawn marl, smokey grey marl, moonstone blue marl, sorbet pink marl, cherry brown marl, apricot orange marl, bright purple, teal, stellar blue.fabric: 93% nylon 7% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cin the world of gym leggings, gymshark are behind some of the most popular and influencer-adored. for good reason, as with anything with a whole lot of hype behind it, i was a little sceptical, but these seamless vital leggings make me feel so confident when working out. not only are they sweat-wicking, contoured to your body shape and supremely comfy, but they have been crafted using dope dyeing technology that uses less water, energy and chemicals \u2013 as part of the brand's sustainability strategy. epic.\u201d. ua rush\u2122 smartform perforated ankle leggings, \u00a389, under armour. sizes: xs-xl.colours: sonar blue.fabric: 77% polyester/23% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cthe brand behind the sports bras i always reach for is under armour \u2013 so it's no surprise that their gym leggings are equally as good. this pair are made using ua rush\u2122 technology \u2013 an infrared technology that reflects your body's energy to help you work harder and recover faster. impressive, huh? the fabric is also anti-odour (always welcome), and finished with strategically-placed perforations for added ventilation where you need it most. oh, and the pocket provides space for you to carry your card, phone or keys when you're working out. very handy.\u201d. go move printed high waisted gym leggings, \u00a327.50, m&s. sizes: 6-24.colours: lilac mix, black/grey mix, sapphire, dark blue mix.fabric: 73% polyester, 27% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cm&s goodmove activewear is really really good \u2013 much better than you'd expect for the humble price tags. these high-waisted gym leggings are great for everything from pilates to running and hiking \u2013 and coming in under \u00a330, you can afford to pick up a few pairs in one.\u201d. save when you shop for the best gym leggings with these marks and spencer promo codes. puma x modibodi 7/8 recycled active legging moderate-heavy aubergine, \u00a362, modibodi. sizes: xs-4xl.colours: burgundy.fabric: 80% recycled\u00a0nylon 20%\u00a0spandex outer.style: high-rise period proof. why we love them: \u201ccreators of some of the best period pants on the market, modibodi, have teamed up with puma to create a pair of gym leggings which are period-proof. yep: these bad boys absorb between two and three tampons' worth of blood when you're menstruating, so you don't have to bother with wearing a tampon during your workout. a much more sustainable alternative to single-use period products. they have an invisible pocket to the back, and have been crafted with recycled fabrics and a super soft, fast-drying power mesh interior.\". nike one (m) women's high-waisted leopard print leggings, \u00a364.95, nike. sizes: xxs-xxl.colours: leopard print.fabric: 79% polyester/21% elastane.style: maternity. why we love them: \u201chighly rated, these nike maternity leggings offer both comfort and coverage. designed with extra length to stretch all the way over your bump, the zonal fabric grows with you and will support any workout during all three trimesters of your pregnancy.\u201d. save when you shop for the best gym leggings with these nike promo codes. enduro bamboo deep waistband leggings, \u00a349, bam bamboo clothing. sizes: 8-18.colours: navy, black, printed.fabric: 64% bamboo viscose, 24% organic cotton, 12% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cin the making of this product, 213.8 days of drinking water have been saved, 4.8 km of driving emissions avoided and 1.6 squared meters of land has been farmed without pesticides. if that's not reason enough to invest in a pair of super-soft, high-waisted every day leggings, i don't know what is.\u201d. fast and free high-rise tight 25\", \u00a3108, lululemon. sizes: 0-20 us.colours: black, pink, red, teal, navy, grey, blue, lilac, printed.fabric: lululemon nulux fabric.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cfast & free gym leggings are lululemon's running tights - and boy are they good. they're lightweight, they pass the squat test with flying colours, have two (!) drop in pockets that are big enough to fit your phone and feature a continuous drawcord at the waist to keep your leggings up all-run.\u201d. apex seamless high rise leggings, \u00a355, gymshark. sizes: xs-xxl.colours: orange, olive, lavender.fabric: 67% polyester, 21% nylon, 12% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cmood-boosting hue? check. designed with strategically placed heat-mapping zones to keep you cool and dry throughout your training? check. high waist? check. muscle contouring lines that make you feel amazing? you bet. that's all.\u201d. the perform 24/7 legging, was \u00a368 now \u00a320, everlane. sizes: xxs-xxxl.colours: dark mint, mocha, burnt sugar, orchid.fabric: 69% recycled nylon, 31% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201ceverlane is the secret that all fashion editors and influencers have under their sleeves when it comes to basics \u2013 and these ultimate everyday leggings come in highly-rated by the entire glamour office. they look just as good at the gym as they do at brunch - and have the comfort to match. oh, and they're made with sustainable materials to boot.\u201d. the upside sheba leopard-print stretch recycled leggings, \u00a385, net-a-porter. sizes: xs-xxl.colours: brown.fabric: 72% recycled polyamide, 28% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201cif it's a pair of gym leggings you'll want to wear well after your workout that you're after, make a beeline for the upside. adorned with leopard print, their 'sheba' leggings are made from smoothing recycled fabric that's breathable, moisture-wicking and extremely stretchy.\u201d. save when you shop for the best gym leggings with these net-a-porter promo codes. p.e nation del mar paneled printed stretch recycled leggings, \u00a3115, net-a-porter. sizes: xs-xl.colours: black.fabric: 78% recycled nylon, 22% elastane.style: high-waisted. why we love them: \u201ci'm a firm fan of p.e. nation, and the fact that their leggings are cut from moisture-wicking stretch fabric made using 78% recycled fibers in the blend only makes me love them more. these are designed for low-impact sports like pilates, barre and yoga - and they have a hidden pocket for your airpods or keys.\u201d. save when you shop for the best gym leggings with these net-a-porter promo codes. energy printed mesh pocket capri legging - tie dye floral, was \u00a330 now \u00a315, pour moi. sizes: uk 8-18.colours: tie-dye floral.fabric: 78% polyamide 22% elastane.style: capri. why we love them: \u201cif a full leg isn't really your bag, i love these high-waisted capri leggings which have side mesh pockets to keep you cool (and a hidden key pocket for safe-keeping of essentials).\u201d. save when you shop for the best gym leggings with these pour moi promo codes. recycled thermal legging, \u00a3120, otti. sizes: xs-xl.colours: loden forest/trekking green.fabric: 83% recycled nylon; 17% recycled elastane.style: high-rise, full leg. why we love them: \u201cotti is a new, premium lifestyle brand which i've completely fallen for \u2013 where stylish and trend-led garments are made without compromising on functionality. everything is made using biodegradable, recycled and dead stock materials (*big* tick) \u2013 and the attention to detail is second-to-none. these thermal leggings are the style to go for if you're a keen hiker, made with italian 100% recycled fleece back jersey to keep you warm (but not without quick drying, breathable, wicking and sun-blocking uv properties).\u201d. \u00a9 cond\u00e9 nast britain 2023. my favourite workout leggings are the high rise compression leggings from girlfriend collective, and anything from constantly varied gear (they are squat proof and never sheer in the bum!). i have bought a few nice pairs from the gap as well, when they are on sale. girlfriend! they're not cheap, but they really aren't that expensive, either. plus they're ethical and have a really great range of sizes. i've had my first pair of black high waisted full length compression leggings for maybe 6 months and so far i think they're super great quality and have held up really well. i've accidentally tumble dried them a couple of times and it hasn't killed them. plus i run in them (loooots of inner thigh friction!) and there's maybe one teeny tiny spot where the material is starting to get rough what i look for in workout leggings (in order of importance):- high waisted- ankle length- compression material- cool pattern/design - a pocket to hold a key/card etc.i\u2019ve found that h&m make leggings that satisfy all these criteria and aren\u2019t too expensive either \ud83d\ude0a old navy. pockets big enough for my phone, high waist, stays where they\u2019re supposed to, fabric that\u2019s not too mushy. usually not too expensive either and often in colors besides black.and they carry at least some plus sized stuff. i love my lululemon wunder-under tights. high-waisted enough for me, cool patterns and don't have weird crotch seams! gonna give a shoutout to [superfit hero](https://superfithero.com/collections/superfit-pocket-leggings-capris). the price seems high at first but they hold their shape very well, are high waisted, and have two pockets. i've never had them slip during my most active routines. they do give out discount codes.sizes go up to 5x as well. just make sure to measure and read the notes on fit. gap fit has some great stuff! i'm plus size and most of my workout leggings are either old navy or z by zella from the rack.i've heard great things about superfit hero but i haven't tried them yet. i really like gymshark and lululemon, i also have a pair of nike pro leggings which i like but they\u2019re not squatproof so i have to be careful to wear them on upper body days :\u2019)  i love the 90 degrees leggings on amazon lol. they're like $20 a pop, the black is squat proof, they're very high waist but they don't feel uncomfortable on my stomach. love 'em! lululemon. hands down. get you some wunder trains or base pace. they\u2019re $100 but so dang worth it. before wunder trains there were wunder unders and i have pairs that are 8 yrs old and i wear them constantly.editing to add that they do new markdowns every thursday about 7am est. if you know your size then you\u2019re good to go. they also do discount for first responders, medical, and coaches and that\u2019ll stack with the sale price. my wife and daughter love fleo. my wallet doesn't constantly varied gear! they are the only brand i will wear for crossfit. available on their website; use the sizing bot to get your correct size. they also have an great online community. curves and combatboots, price wise they run about $60/pair but they\u2019re squat proof, crossfit proof and the waistbands stay in place i recommend lululemon base pace. they\u2019re the only lululemon leggings that i have found where the waistband doesn\u2019t roll or move around.  they have different material styles available depending on what you\u2019re looking for. the base pace are usually on sale and if you live near a lululemon outlet, chances are you can find them for 40%-60% off the original price. i also recommend the victoria secret total knockout leggings, but i don\u2019t think they make them anymore. i have found these to be comparable to lululemon (material wise) and they keep everything in place. cvg. i used to buy less expensive but you truly get what you pay for. i never wear my old ones anymore born primitive your go to leggings. born primitive, marika, old navy active, beyond yoga. no bull project. alo yoga has a few good styles. prana is pricey, but not as much so as lulu, and they've lasted me 5 years!lululemon are (unfortunately) amazing. unfortunate because of the price tag, but they know what they're doing when it comes to activewear.good luck! legging enthusiast here.lulu align and wunder unders were and are among my favorite to do just about any activity in. aligns are butter soft, flattering, and unlimited range of motion. wunder unders are flattering, compressive, and definitely more sporty. both have a high waist band which is also a requirement of mine.cons? price tag. both will set you back $80-$100 unless as a previous poster suggested hitting up the sales racks or online section of \u201cwe made too much\u201d (big fan of shopping here- you can find some killer deals if you\u2019re not picky about color)onto my all time favorite- fleo.i didn\u2019t understand the hype until i bought my first pair on clearance. the 25\u201d el toro is my go to. it\u2019s a mix of the align and wunder in their \u201cbounce\u201d fabric that is soft, yet compressive, flattering and functional. their customer service is excellent, they do limited releases with fun colors and patterns, and when you do make purchases ($75/pair) you can earn points to redeem for more fleo (ie shirts, shorts, more tights, etc)they will occasionally run sales, and when they do, expect 15%-20% off. hands down one of the best tights on the market.happy shopping! i'm also very anti-$100 leggings hahah i go with fabletics and til you collapse for the most part. sometimes mend athletics. all have been squat-proof and so comfortable! fabletics i give bonus points for durability. i've had some pairs for years and there's literally no pilling or tears. i wear lululemon wunder trains for leg day and for upper body days typically wear athleta or crz yoga.  i am midsize (8/10/medium) with muscular legs and personally hate the way buffbunny, alphalete nvgtn etc look on my body and i don\u2019t find them comfortable or flattering at all. lululemon wunder train if you like compression or base pace if you like a thinner, stretchier legging. can\u2019t beat the quality \ud83e\udd0c\ud83c\udffd athleta leggings are majorly slept on! vitality!!!!!(i\u2019m kidding, happy holidays) i reach for my aerie leggings a lot, tbh. & they\u2019ve all held up pretty well. i found lululemon to be the best quality and are so comfortable\u2026 all the influencer brands are expensive and terrible quality kind of echoing what others have said but i only really work out lululemon wunder trains and if i\u2019m having a more relaxed upper body day i\u2019ll wear lululemon aligns or athleta elation leggings. in the summer for shorts i stick with lululemon either align shorts or fleo shorts- i like fleos cropped tanks also but i haven\u2019t tried their leggings. lululemon lululemon aligns - my fave by far old navy and lululemon are the best ones i\u2019ve found! honestly love old navy\u2019s powersoft leggings! they have some with great pockets, and the darker colors literally show no sweat. fellow heavy sweater here, lululemon wundertrains are my favorite and don\u2019t wear out like aligns do! can\u2019t speak to sweat showing as i usually get black but i don\u2019t usually leave a big sweat mark on the rower seat either \ud83e\udde1 for cheaper option i love old navy powersoft leggings and they go on sale frequently don\u2019t wear aligns!!! they will not last. wonder train are all i wear. i\u2019ve had some for 2+ years, otf 4-5 times a week and they have zero pilling and are amazing. i haven\u2019t found leggings that compare to lululemons but i buy mine from the \u201cwe made too much\u201d section of their website. sometimes they\u2019re funky patterns but i am also a heavy sweater and would choose patterns over solids anyway for that reason (or black \ud83d\ude42) i get my lulus used from poshmark! not many other recommendations, bc i almost exclusively wear them. it\u2019s a much more affordable option! huge fan of colorfulkoala legging! they\u2019re squat-proof, hide sweat, are lightweight, and have nice compression. the 7/8 with pockets is my favorite! lululemon fast and free!!! i looooove aerie leggings. they\u2019re super lightweight and they have a really popular v waist style that is flattering but also doesn\u2019t roll down on your waist athleta is amazing and very similar lululemon. price is the same but they have sales a few times a month and that\u2019s when i stock up. fabletics powerhold is another good one too because nothing slips or wiggles down while you\u2019re on the treads ugh i've been going back and forth on buying the gymshark camo or one of their seamless leggings for awhile, but unfortunately i have multiple friends who said they ripped on them without warning. as someone who usually goes commando to workout, i absolutely cannot afford to take that risk, haha. as for lululemon, i'm so torn. i have a pair of aligns that fit perfectly and are sooo great for lounging, but they just don't hold up for working out. to be fair, they're not made for working out so i'm not surprised. i have a pair of wunder unders in a size bigger than my aligns, and they fit well. i'd like to buy another pair, except i cut the inner tag off so i'm not sure which type of wunder unders they are :( overall i think lulus are pretty good quality, but not sure if they're worth the $100 price tag. fwiw, i've been having good luck with target's brands! it's definitely ymmv in terms of being see through and whatnot but i've gotten 3-4 leggings from there and they're holding up well so far. loved this! thanks for doing it!i agree with the gymshark leggings. loved wearing them to work out. unfortunately, mine got a hole in the crotch the first time i washed them. wonder if it can be fixed? :(i got my first pair of lululemon along pants and omg they are the softest pair ever. sooo comfy. i\u2019m worried about wearing them- do they snag? right now just wearing them for yoga and cardio.i loveeee the powervita fabric from athleta. they were my first pair of more expensive leggings >$50 and love that they come out w different designs every season.i\u2019m disappointed about the reebok and nike leggings... for some reason, i assumed they would be better quality since they\u2019re sports companies?! this is so comprehensive and i love the pics, thanks so much!! i do want to chime in and say you are missing out on old navy leggings, i wear the high-waisted compression leggings everywhere and switch to the high-waisted compression shorts when seasonably appropriate. they stay put, aren't see through (even the light grey ones, which were a mistake in the sweat department, but not see through) and are flattering af. the ones with pockets are my jam for running and lifting.i don't really like lounging in them, though, because of the compression, but they're more comfortable and more flattering than jeans, so they're my go-out pants.oh, and they are hella on sale right now. they're usually pretty affordable, but extra affordable currently: [leggings](https://oldnavy.gap.com/browse/category.do?cid=1031032&nav=meganav%3awomen%3aold%20navy%20active%3aactivewear%20bottoms)anything with a [side pocket](https://oldnavy.gap.com/browse/product.do?pid=452136172&cid=1031032&pcid=1031032&vid=1&grid=pds_35_229_1&cpos=35&cexp=1483&cid=categoryids%3d1031032&cvar=11128&ctype=listing&cpid=res20041709311410296387695#pdp-page-content) is a go for me, and i love these [moto leggings](https://oldnavy.gap.com/browse/product.do?pid=381683092&cid=1031032&pcid=1031032&vid=1&grid=pds_41_229_1&cpos=41&cexp=1483&cid=categoryids%3d1031032&cvar=11131&ctype=listing&cpid=res20041709811082892497574#pdp-page-content) as normal non-workout pants.i should so get paid by on for this stuff. seriously, i'm like their biggest cheerleader. i've heard they aren't for everyone, but i freaking love them. you sold me on the athleta. i've been eyeing them for awhile. oh this post is timely. i'm in the market for some new work out leggings and goddamn is there a lot to choose from. athleta seems to be one of the better ones to choose from.&#x200b;i have a pair of the c9 brand ones from target and i freaking love them. i've had them for a couple years now and they still fit great. however target has changed to a new line of athletic wear and i'm nervous to reinvest!! &#x200b;thanks for going through all the effort of taking the pictures and doing a review, it really helped!! i recently bought 2 pairs of 90 degree leggings from amazon. one is every compression and don\u2019t move i love them for everything but lounging. the other pair are comfy but don\u2019t stay up as well. i have a love hate relationship with old navy leggings. i have a pair from years ago that i love, then a pair i bought about a year ago that i couldn\u2019t even get on (in the same size). i have them another go about a month ago (i believe they are the compression) and i like them so far. i also got a pair of compression shorts to try when it gets warmer.i feel like every time i find a pair i truly love they change the fabric or fit or something and it\u2019s back to square 1. thank you for making this!! i so appreciate the honest reviews and your photos of the flaws! also it\u2019s so nice to read reviews from someone with a similar body type to me. and thank you for saving me from the fabletics 2 for $24 sale... they almost got me thank you for this in depth review! i a die hard lulu fan but when it comes to the wallet...  not so much. i\u2019ve been considering branching out to gym shark and haven been tempted by the 2/24 legging ads ive seen on tv lately.  but as far as your lulus, the  resale market is always booming, i\u2019ve gotten some of mine from poshmark. but as far as the aligns, they are like butter and have survived hiits, lifting and the stair master. i don\u2019t like running in those because they lack pockets but are great for lounging and are squat proof. also, the pupper is absolutely adorable. how old is s/he? lululemon fast & free!! athleta ultra high rise elation tights. pricey but it doesn't slide down, squat proof, and excellent compression. old navy has recently changed their leggings and there is a light compression power soft fabric that i really like. it's quite lightweight and very high waisted. no rolling down, but i got the white and blue tie dye ones and they were totally see thru even when just standing (not even squatting). but i got a bright orange pair that are totally squat proof. fabletics powerhold (& mila - same fabric)i tired my first cvgs today and was sad because they feel great, but they scooched down. i really like fabletics power hold. please don\u2019t buy zyia as it contributes to the predatory structure of multi level marketing. i\u2019ve tried them all and keep going back to athleta workout leggings. while pricey, they\u2019re worth the money imo. ps: most of their stuff is high waist or atleast my petite friends tell me. i really like under armour leggings. if you can get to an outlet store, they usually have good deals like 50-60% off so they end up being pretty affordable. i agree with the fabletics power hold! they are phenomenal! also i love outdoor voices! their material really holds you in place as well! colorful koala on amazon! this is the best purchase i've ever made. they're $25 a pair and they will last you forever. they've got side pockets and they never slip! lululemon fast and free! they stay up the entire time it\u2019s amazing. since you're already familiar with lulu, i would highly recommend the athleta elation leggings or p'tula yvette! :)edit: sorry - missed the fact that you wanted good compression. athleta elation wouldn't fit that bill (still great though!), but still recommend the p'tula yvette leggings or their stealth or julianne leggings! i recently bought from athleta and i love them! i bought the rainier tights and the salutation stash tights, the salutation ones have a thicker waistband with good compression and may be a good option! i know most people hate them on here but if you want the worlds tightest waste band and never want to see that flap of lose skin, get the nvgtn leggings. or. get the amazon version for like half the price from aoxjox. i have the nvgtn ones but i\u2019ve never tried the amazon ones. try t.j maxx they have a bunch of brands such as 90 degree, zobha etc. i personally love zobha they feel like lululemon dupes and are under $20. super soft but durable and don\u2019t pill in the thigh area! they also have great compression for the stomach area but don\u2019t dig in:). fleo. they were designed for women with trunks and smaller waists! one of the very, very few leggings that are soft, stay up, and fit without restricting for me. i love my kamo fitness leggings. i also had the same problem of the waist being too big. and they\u2019re all high waisted with a larger band. mercury seamless from gymshark has such good compression and a high waist band. the style is so cute too. 20% off right now! girlfriend collective! their standard leggings would probably fit the bill for you, and so would the luxe line check out senita! they have the best stuff and it\u2019s a women owned company! i love my lulu wunder trains but i also love fabletics powerhold fabric. they\u2019re my go to for higher compression leggings and they\u2019re my first pic when i do things like hike. if you\u2019ve never bought from them the 2 for $24 leggings deal is a steal. i\u2019m thinking of having my sister buy some for me because i want more \ud83d\ude02 i have two pairs of zella leggings from nordstrom that are fantastic\u2014thick but not too thick, definitely not see-through, and they\u2019ve lasted me 6 years of regular use at this point (though one pair finally has a hole in the butt \ud83d\ude22 but now those are just my \u2018at home\u2019 leggings) lululemon for actually working out (i prefer the invigorates). aerie og offline for chilling, theyre suuuuper thick and cottony, i just bought some amazing flares from them old navy or girlfriend collective work for me, depending on your price point. my friend absolutely loves her leggings from costco! \ud83e\udd14 i get yogalicious and 90degree ones from amazon or tjmaxx. super soft and not see through, and you can get ones with or without pockets. for the canadians out there, the shambala live-in leggings from marks are *chefs kiss* old navy \"active\" leggings are great. high waisted, not see through, comfy for all activities lululemon is worth the price tag if you can afford it. but don't go bankrupt doing it 90 degree by reflex are my go to. they have a few different ones so order a few to see what you like. they're totally not see through. i have a big behind and have done the squat test many times, they're fine even in light colors. old navy compression leggings are awesome. they hold up well, but given the price i'm never upset when i have to replace. mine generally last 2+ years going 5x/week. i cycle through 2-3 pairs at a time. fabletics power hold! best ever! have you tried the lululemon fast and free!? those are the best for otf, super thin so they dry fast but veryyy durable!i've also been enjoying the wunder trains as well! my otf is closed so i can't comment on wearing them to the studio, but i've def been loving them for lifting and rowing at home! i love my fabletics powerholds. they come in cute colors, hold up and they\u2019re moisture-wicking!!old navy high-waisted elevate leggings are one of my affordable favorites. they\u2019re squat-proof, they don\u2019t budge and on often has sales on their activewear! fast and free or wunder under from lululemon - they are pricey, of course but you really do get what you pay for! old navy elevate and colorful koala (amazon) i\u2019ve been wearing some pairs of old navy weekly for over 3 years. old navy compression running leggings and lulu wunder trains. they dry fast, are squat proof and have a nice discreet drawstring on the inside for extra hold. 90 degree reflex! at tjmaxx and marshall\u2019s and they always stay up and are comfortable. i have lll but rlly 90 degree are just as durable fabletics # $25 and under **which item should we do next?** vote below, suggest one queued in [the wiki](https://www.reddit.com/r/femalefashionadvice/wiki/resources#wiki_your_favorite_____for_.24___) or one that isn't listed. edit: if making suggestions, please do one reply per item so users can vote on them individually. # $25.01-$50 # $50.01-$150 # above $150"

----------

"these days, we are spoiled for choice with top quality motorcycles. whatever your needs, there's an outstanding bike that's perfect for you. thanks to non-stop innovation and engineering, it's getting harder to find a bad motorcycle. however, there are a certain few bikes that stand head and shoulders above the rest. depending on your motorcycling experience - if you're a first-timer, a veteran, or anything in between, there's a great motorcycle for you. this list of the 10 best motorcycles to buy in 2023 has something for everyone. among them, there's a great choice for your first sports bike, a spectacular naked all-rounder that's not to be taken lightly, perhaps the best dual sport motorcycle of all time, a super aggressive adventure bike, and two highly-strung superbikes. so, whether you're looking to break the local track record, or to ride around the world, you can't go wrong with the motorcycles in this list. related: 10 best dual sport motorcycles to buy in 2023. the yamaha mt-10 is one of the most complete naked bikes of all time. powered by a 998 cc inline four-cylinder engine with a crossplane crankshaft, the mt-10 makes 160 hp and 82 lb-ft of torque. with a lot of grunt low down the rev range, yamaha's hyper-naked mt-10 is a torque monster. adjustable kyb suspension helps to keep you and the motorcycle right-side up when you twist the throttle. for those new to riding, but with aspirations of getting their knee down on a top of the range sports bike, one of the best places to start is on a honda cbr300r. with 28 hp and weighing just 354 lbs, the baby cbr is easy to handle and is a great choice for beginners. the sharp styling doesn't come at the cost of a comfortable riding position, and at just $4,899 the cbr300r is one of the cheapest motorcycles on the market. if cruising in style is your thing, but you're worried about the size or the image of a harley-davidson, the honda rebel 500 is a brilliant option. effortlessly cool in its blacked out guise, the rebel 500 has all the charm of a laid-back cruiser but in a smaller and more manageable package. honda's reliability is also a huge plus, meaning that the rebel 500 won't let you down. the yamaha t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 700 has the dual sport motorcycle market all sewn up. it's a truly special bike. while it's not cheap at $10,499, the t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 700 is worth every dollar. taking the 689cc twin-cylinder engine from the mt-07, this adventure touring bike combines ample power with long travel suspension to make a motorcycle that can easily take on any terrain. regardless of where you take it, the yamaha t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 700 will never leave you disappointed. when aprilia released the rs 660, they sparked a middleweight sportsbike revolution. the 659 cc aprilia makes a healthy 100 hp from its twin-cylinder engine and ensures that you can use every last pony. the rs 660 is an interesting story of combination without compromise. thanks to its ergonomics, it's sporty without being uncomfortable. it has lots of technology but none of it gets in the way of simply enjoying the ride. with the rs 660, aprilia hit a home run. related: 10 things we know about aprilia's electrica project. the triumph bonneville t120 is everything you could want it to be. with its retro styling, it's absolutely gorgeous to look at. the broad gas tank and leather-trimmed seat sit above a hearty 1,200 cc mill that produces the distinctive triumph burble from the exhaust. ideal for dapper runs to the caf\u00e9 or comfortable blasts through the hills, the bonneville will take care of you in a capable, yet distinguished manner. how about a heavyweight, cross-country cruiser? the pick of the bunch is the harley-davidson road glide. the 107 cubic inch milwaukee-eight engine will carry you wherever you want to go without missing a beat. the shark-nose fairing makes covering highway miles a joy, and the additional storage of the hard case saddlebags make longer journeys possible. the road glide is everything you'd want it to be, and is an accomplished slice of americana. there are plenty of great adventure bikes around. most of them never go on actual adventures though, nor do they see anything other than the smoothest streets. if you're committed to a genuine, extreme, off-road trip, then you can't go wrong with the ktm 1290 super adventure r. this motorcycle is not for the faint-hearted, and wouldn't be out of place on the start line of the dakar rally. it's a razor-sharp, pumped up enduro bike that will conquer any landscape. related: the most badass ducati motorcycles of all time. in a case of typical german efficiency, bmw went from not making a top end sports bike, to making arguably the best 1000cc sports bike money can buy. the bmw s 1000 rr is a proper superbike, focused purely on performance. gluttons for punishment may insist on riding them daily, but they come into their own on track. brimming with technology, the latest s 1000 rr is the most aggressive yet. if you want a liter bike, look no further. it's hard to beat the passion and soul of a ducati. crossing this with the extreme performance of the ducati panigale v4r is certain to provide you with an incomparable riding experience. producing a wild 237 hp, along with a chorus of italian excellence from the exhaust system, the panigale v4r is, in essence, a race bike for the road. with more than a hint of homage to the ducati 916, the latest panigale is one of the best motorcycles in the world right now, and one for the history books. liam mcginley is a true petrolhead. he has always been fascinated with cars and motorcycles. he has technical knowledge from his mechanical engineering background and hands-on experience from his time as a mechanic. now he is combining these skills with his love for writing while spending his spare time turning spanners whenever he gets the chance. there are over 60 new 2023 models heading to dealerships near you this new year \u2013 some are the all-new fruits of maverick designers and engineers, while others are simply great next-gen updates of existing favourites. with so much temptation on offer, regardless of the brand, style, or your intended use, it can be a bewildering fox-in-a-chicken-coup scenario of too much choice. so, we\u2019ve held back at least some of the tide, and picked the bikes we think should be on your shortlist for 2023. and don\u2019t forget that you can see pretty much every one of them all in the same place at the devitt insurance mcn london motorcycle show in february. key facts 1158cc liquid cooled v4 | 167bhp | 92.3lbft | 260kg | 840mm seat height | \u00a323,590. ducati\u2019s multistrada v4 is already one of the best do-anything bikes on the planet \u2013 and this previous mcn award winner is getting even more adventurous for 2023. on sale in february, it takes the existing 1158cc package and adds a new dedicated off-road enduro mode, a clever rear cylinder shutdown system for comfort and economy (shutting down when stationary, or when you\u2019re bimbling) \u2013 and a huge new 30-litre aluminium petrol tank to make it a serious world-tourer. the new screen is 40mm taller and 20mm wider, there\u2019s adjustable seat heights front and rear, plus lower suspension options for shorter pilots \u2013 boosted by the \u2018minimum preload\u2019 function which lowers the bike at low speed, while the auto-levelling suspension ensures changes in luggage or pillion mass don\u2019t affect the handling. ground clearance increases to 230mm, while enduro mode limits power, traction control intervention, and deactivates the rear abs. there\u2019s also radar cruise control \u2013 and more options than you could ever tick. key facts z-force 75-10x motor | 102bhp | 166lbft | 247kg | 828mm seat height | \u00a324,150. the zero dsr/x is an entirely new bike with a completely new frame, subframe and swingarm, all designed to be stronger to take the extra weight and demands of off-road riding. there\u2019s long-travel, fully adjustable showa suspension, increased ground clearance, off-road biased wheel sizes (19in / 17in), new electronics with five riding modes, lean-sensitive abs and traction control (you can turn off both for the dirt), and it shares the same 17.3kwh battery as the other premium zero models. the z-force 75-10x motor is new, and it\u2019s the most torque-rich bike in the range with 166lbft (and 102bhp). charging times are impressive, reaching up to 95% in 60 minutes with the optional rapid charge module and range is a claimed 180 miles for urban riding. at 247kg it is comparable to the bmw r1250gs in mass, too. it\u2019s comfortable, smooth, vibration-free, quiet, easy to ride both on and off-road, and has an instant surge of torque that will make even ardent petrolheads smile. key facts 659cc | 98bhp | 49.4lbft | 166kg | 820mm seat height | \u00a3tbc. with a claimed kerb weight of just 166kg (17kg less than stock), the new aprilia rs660 extrema is a proper lightweight. it uses a street-legal exhaust by sc project with a carbon silencer positioned on the righthand side. trackday addicts will like the option to quickshift in an upside-down configuration, while all other rider aids are carried over from the existing rs model. carbon features include a front mudguard and a newly designed bellypan that sheds more weight. the extrema will be offered in a white and red livery, no price has yet been confirmed. key facts 1301cc liquid cooled, dohc v-twin | 158bhp | 101lbft | 220kg (dry) | 849/869mm seat height | \u00a316,599. the ktm 1290 super adventure s gets new colours and improved software for 2023, further refining the already excellent road-bias version of ktm\u2019s biggest adventurer (the r gets similar tweaks). you still get six-axis imu controlled traction and abs, a steel frame and 160bhp of shove courtesy of the 1301cc v-twin, while adaptive cruise control is standard, along with the semi-active wp suspension. the 7in colour tft now runs \u2018augmented\u2019 navigation software, allowing the ktmconnect app to deliver turn-by-turn guidance and waypoint markers while on the go via the switchgear. you can also control phone calls and music while on the go, so long as you have a compatible headset. to raise the tech stakes further, suspension pro and quickshifter+ options are available from the ktm powerparts catalogue. key facts 999cc liquid-cooled shiftcam inline-four | 209.2bhp | 83.8lbft | 193kg | 832mm seat height | \u00a330,940. bmw have taken their exceptional m1000rr and fed it some serious steroids for 2023. now rocking advanced aerodynamics that are claimed to boost speed and stability; it uses a stronger, more tuneable 209.2bhp four-cylinder engine than its s sibling, complete with forged pistons, cnc machined intake ports, shiftcam valve timing and more \u2013 and is one of the most accomplished superbikes available. the aerodynamics are claimed to help it reach 195.1mph, it benefits from a new carbon-fibre fairing with a taller screen, mounted on carbon-fibre brackets, comes with huge carbon-fibre wings which create 22.6kg of downforce at 186mph, and the carbon front mudguard now has brake cooling ducts to reduce temperatures by as much as 10\u00b0c and improve airflow around the fork and calipers. only the m competition boasts more race tech. go on, what else were you going to spend that \u00a331k on\u2026. key facts 999.9cc | 214bhp | 83.3lbft | 201kg | 830mm seat height | \u00a330,000. live out your tt fantasies with this bold cbr1000rr-r fireblade sp john mcguinness 100th tt start replica edition. the headline replica paint job was used for john\u2019s 100th tt start, while the underlying fireblade sp spec is bolstered by gold wheel stripes; an individually numbered plaque on the headstock; genuine honda carbon fibre front mudguard and carbon rear hugger; rear seat cowl and tall screen, and metzeler racetec rr tyres; john\u2019s signature on the airbox cover; a personal handover from the man himself \u2013 and a raft of garage trinkets. key facts 776cc liquid cooled, dohc parallel twin\u00a0| 83.1bhp | 57.5lbft | 201kg | 855mm seat height | \u00a310,499. say hello to the all-new suzuki v-strom 800de, the first serious off-road strom in the range. it shares an identical engine with the gsx-8s, but develops more peak power thanks to a different exhaust system and mapping changes, while the throttle response has been honed for off-road manners. it also gets an additional \u2018g mode\u2019 \u2013 for gravel \u2013 giving riders a dedicated set of mapping and tc options on the loose stuff. the main frame is shared with the 8s, but the de gets a beefier bolt-on subframe for greater load carrying. suspension is fully adjustable (220mm of travel), tyre sizes are 90/90 r21 front, 150/70 r17 rear, and the 20-litre tank will get you close to 300 miles between fill-ups. there\u2019s a huge range of bespoke extras, too. key facts pmasynrm electric motor\u00a0| 100.6bhp | 260kg | 847mm seat height | \u00a327,790. the energica experia delivers huge grunt and remarkable roll-on drive. it can be fast-charged from 20%-80% in just 20 minutes and 0-100% in around 50 minutes. the motor is superb, the tech is right up there, and handling and comfort are hard to fault. the price is the only obstacle. key facts 471cc\u00a0| 46bhp | 192kg | 790mm seat height | \u00a36000 (estimated). available in vibrant colours and powered by the 471cc twin from the cb500 family, with revised fuel injection, a new intake and a fresh exhaust set-up, the rims are 19in front / 17in rear, shod with dunlop mixtour rubber. the honda cl500 should be a stylish commuter and great back-lane funster. key facts 1203cc\u00a0| 123bhp | 237kg | 780mm seat height | \u00a314,995. the indian ftr sport replaces the ftr s and gets a new seat cowl and tank panelling; a mini headlamp fairing which helps shroud the new touchscreen tft dash; a new twin-exit silencer, and tweaks to the front brakes and clutch for improved feel. key facts 1170cc i 107.3bhp i 221kg i 805mm seat height i \u00a318,040. arriving in february, the 100th anniversary r nine t gets a load of option 719 parts and special paint-on-chrome finishes to the 18-litre fuel tank, which features black and chrome, plus twin white pinstriping. the black front mudguard gets white double lining, with the rear seat hump finished in chrome. you also get old-school style knee pads and special badging to mark the anniversary. key facts 1254cc i 134bhp i 243kg i 820mm seat height i \u00a313,140. the 2023 bmw r1250rs sees the arrival of traction and torque control as well as a new eco riding mode added to its sports-touring armoury. it can also be equipped with a pro riding mode as an optional extra which allows rider customisation, while dynamic brake control and abs pro are standard, and a bottom-pleasing heated seat system is an optional extra. key facts 890cc liquid cooled, dohc inline-triple\u00a0i 117bhp i 223kg i 820/835mm seat height i \u00a314,900 guide price. if you like your tourer to have a naughty side this oh-so-practical cousin of the mt-09 could be right up your street. the new tracer 9 gt+ is the first yamaha to get adaptive cruise control (acc) to keep the bike a set distance from the vehicle in front using radar. cleverer than most systems, it allows you to maintain pace past slower vehicles if your indicator is on while the acc is enabled \u2013 helping eliminate those frustrating slow-downs as you peel out to overtake. the linked braking system is the first of its kind on a yamaha and regulates forces when the brake control (bc) system is enabled, while the gt+ will slow automatically if it senses a crash is imminent. semi-active kyb suspension should keep the ride controlled and comfortable, and the new 7in tft dash and switchgear are big improvements for 2023. it feels like the tracer has really arrived. key facts 1158cc liquid-cooled v4 i 166.3bhp i 236kg i 790mm seat height i \u00a323,595. the new ducati diavel now boasts the 1158cc v4 granturismo engine, has shed a tangible 13kg, and rocks a veritable rocket-launcher of an exhaust system. still a chunky beast (at 236kg with a full 20-litres of fuel on board), the mass is carried low, and with 166.3bhp and 93lb.ft of torque, it\u2019s going to feel addictively punchy. the v4 has a twin-pulse firing order and comes wrapped within an aluminium monocoque chassis, replacing the old 1260\u2019s steel trellis. there\u2019s 15mm more rear suspension travel for extra comfort, rear cylinder deactivation to improve efficiency and heat management, and the fattest rear hoop in the business (240/45!). major services intervals are spaced at an impressive 60,000km, too. key facts\u00a0689cc liquid-cooled parallel twin i 73bhp i 180kg (dry) i 830mm seat height i \u00a39000 (estimated). the fantic caballero 700 is the perfect retro, surely? italian style married to a japanese engine\u2026 in the form of yamaha\u2019s 689cc cp2 platform. it\u2019s un-messed with, too, meaning 73bhp and 49.4lb.ft torque on tap. the wheel sizes are a nice road and trail crossover-friendly 19/17in combination; there\u2019s a chunky 45mm marzocchi fork up front, and preload-adjustable marzocchi monoshock at the rear; brembo stopping power mated to cornering abs as standard; an attractive little 3.5in tft dash with connectivity; three rider modes to tailor your throttle delivery (road, off-road, custom), and lighting is led all round. if it rides like the other cabelleros, but with more mumbo, it should be an absolute peach. key facts 125cc i 14.8bhp i 144kg\u00a0i 820mm seat height i \u00a35200 (estimated). the new design of the yamaha r125 includes vented tank covers \u2013 like its more powerful siblings \u2013 and once in the rider\u2019s seat you\u2019ll see the new 5in multi-mode colour tft, which includes a lap timer, programmable shift light for optimal gear changes, and smartphone connectivity. it\u2019s also pre-wired for a quickshifter; has traction control, a slip and assist clutch and abs \u2013 and it even rolls on quality michelin pilot streets straight from the showroom. nice. key facts i 600cc i 52bhp i tbckg\u00a0i 760mm seat height i \u00a3tbc. the traditionally styled mac rex shares the same tubular steel backbone frame, swm-produced 600cc motor and ancillaries as the firm\u2019s existing ruby caf\u00e9 racer, but differs with raised, flatter bars for a comfier riding position; the tail unit is also more relaxed, but the 760mm seat height remains. producing a claimed 52bhp from its four-valve, fuel-injected motor, drive is controlled via a hydraulic clutch and six-speed \u2019box, with a claimed top speed of about 100mph. all braking is controlled by brembo. key facts 755cc 8v parallel twin\u00a0i 90.5bhp i 208kg\u00a0i 850mm seat height i \u00a3tbc. the honda transalp is back \u2013 and it looks good. it should go well too, with 90.5bhp and 55.4lb.ft promised from the new parallel twin (shared with the hornet) \u2013 complete with 270-degree firing order for more of a v-twin feel. off-road credentials are boosted by 21in front and 18in rear rims, shod with either metzeler karoo street or dunlop mixtour rubber, while braking hardware consists of 310mm discs up front with axial-mounted twin-piston calipers and abs. it\u2019s not flyaway at 208kg, but should feel manageable off-road, and light enough on the tarmac. ground clearance is 210mm. electronic goodies include four standard riding modes: sport, standard, rain, and gravel, with a further user mode for custom settings \u2013 all controllable via a 5in colour tft display, with switchable traction control and rear abs. key facts 899cc liquid cooled, dohc parallel twin i\u00a0104bhp i 200kg (dry) i 840/860mm seat height i \u00a311,999. ktm have significantly upgraded the 890 adventure making it more desirable, better-equipped and stronger both on and off-road thanks to a raft of clever upgrades. the new fairing and screen are a real improvement, in both form and function. a new dual-density seat cossets and supports; the new tft dash is significantly better, too. the riding modes are truly impressive, and abs is now linked with the modes. light, nimble and confidence-inspiring, it\u2019ll tackle pretty heavy-duty trail riding, but has the dynamics to be ridden with verve on the road \u2013 breeding the ability to go exploring with confidence. key facts 776cc liquid cooled, dohc parallel twin, 270\u00b0 crank i\u00a081.8bhp i 202kg\u00a0i 810mm seat height i \u00a37999. it\u2019s been a long wait for an all-new suzuki \u2013 but it looks like it may have been worth it. suzuki\u2019s new naked gsx-8s really makes us smile. it looks and feels great in the metal, and displays the quality and attention to detail you\u2019d hope for \u2013 at a seriously attractive price, too. powered by an all-new 776cc parallel twin running a 270\u00b0 crank and twin balancer shafts, it uses a 450\u00b0 firing interval (between 270\u00b0 and 720\u00b0) to boost traction recovery between pulses. tech-addicts will be disappointed that it stops short of imu controlled electrickery \u2013 but it\u2019s well spec\u2019d nonetheless. the 5in tft dash has day and night modes and looks clear and concise; there are three rider modes (active, basic, comfort); three-mode traction control; low-rpm assist; a bi-directional quickshifter \u2013 and it can be restricted for a2 licence holders. if it rides as well as it looks, it\u2019ll be a superb playmate on all sorts of roads (and tight tracks). key facts 999cc i\u00a0206.5bhp i 197kg i 824mm seat height i \u00a317,150. the 2023 bmw s1000rr gets more power, more advanced electronics, an updated chassis, and winglets courtesy of the m1000rr, which deliver 10kg of additional downforce. slide control functionality is added to the traction control package and enables two pre-set drift angles, while brake slide assist and slick abs modes make use of the steering angle sensors to let you back it into bends like a motogp god. the aluminium twin-spar flex frame builds on the old design and the wheelbase extends by 16mm to boost stability. the swingarm gets an adjustable pivot point as standard; there\u2019s a lighter battery, usb charging port, hill hold control, a pitlane limiter, revised 45mm forks, and a 6.5in colour tft with updated displays. key facts 755cc i\u00a090.6bhp i 190kg i 795mm seat height i \u00a36999. powered by a brand-new 270-degree parallel-twin producing a claimed 90.6bhp, the new rome-designed honda hornet uses a steel diamond frame, and tips the scales at a claimed 190kg. it floats on 41mm showa separate fork function big piston upside down forks and a rear shock with five-stage adjustable preload. standard features include three riding modes, three-stage engine braking and traction control, and wheelie control \u2013 all visible via the 5in colour tft dash that boasts mobile connectivity. key facts 1103cc i 205bhp i 196.5kg i 845mm seat height i \u00a330,595. the ducati streetfighter v4 sp2 is basically a v4 s with carbon rims (saving 1.4kg), brembo stylema r calipers and an stm-evo sbk dry clutch, the sp2 gets its power modes from the panigale, a new dash setup, new engine braking software, and an updated quickshifter. key facts 1768cc i 120.7bhp i 381kg i 672mm seat height i \u00a335,795. only 150 indian challenger elite models will be built. it gets special paint, three riding modes, fox shock with electronically adjustable rear preload, a new slipper clutch to aid down-shifts, and redesigned adaptive led headlights for a greater spread of light. key facts 799cc i 93.7bhp i 199kg i 840mm seat height i \u00a3tbc. the ktm 790 adventure returns with updated throttle bodies and a new exhaust system and airbox. there\u2019s also a new slipper clutch, the latest 43mm wp apex fork, a revised 5in tft dash, and a new imu for lean-sensitive tc and abs. key facts 554cc i 47bhp i 220kg (dry) i 860mm i \u00a3tbc. developed with chinese firm qj, the mv agusta lucky explorer 5.5 will be a2 compliant, with a 46.9bhp peak power (at 7500rpm), while torque is a decent 37.6lb.ft @ 5500rpm. just like the bigger model it gets a 210mm of ground clearance, a 20l tank, and weighs 220kg, but the rims are a more road-focused 19/17in combo. key facts 1237cc i 203bhp i 235kg i 745mm seat height i \u00a322,495. ariel have no plans for further new models, but have released this moody-as-hell ace r black edition with the expectation of building just five examples. it, like all aces, uses the 1237cc honda-v4-power from the old vfr1200, married to a cnc machined aluminium frame and, if chosen as an optional extra, dramatic-looking girder forks. key facts 998cc i 237.2bhp i 193.5kg i 850mm seat height i \u00a338,995. 237.2bhp. ooooof! this ducati v4r uses the desmosedici stradale r as a stressed member, with a small \u2018front frame\u2019 bolted to the block, and a four-stage-adjustable single-sided aluminium swingarm at the rear. capable of revving out to 16,500rpm in top (and 16,000rpm in every other gear), it reaches that 237.2bhp when using the 5kg lighter titanium akrapovi\u010d exhaust. engine tweaks include a more aggressive intake cam profile, 800g lighter dry clutch and ratios to match the bikes competing in wsb. suspension is manually adjustable \u00f6hlins npx25/30 pressurised forks, with a fully adjustable \u00f6hlins ttx36 shock at the rear. key facts 999cc shiftcam liquid-cooled inline-four i 205.5bhp i 199kg i\u00a0830mm seat height i \u00a319,480. the bmw m1000r is a winged hooligan is packing a claimed 206.5bhp from the shiftcam engine, aero wings, superbike technology and the firm\u2019s aluminium bridge \u2018flex\u2019 frame, variable intake funnels and a titanium silencer. it looks jaw-slackeningly pretty and aggressive all at the same time. the rev limit has increased from 12,000rpm to 14,600rpm, the gearbox now boasts shorter fourth, fifth and sixth gears, and those winglets are claimed to provide 11kg of front wheel load at 137mph. the electronic aid package includes rain, road, dynamic and race modes; launch control; a pitlane limiter; hill hold control and \u2018brake slide assist\u2019 to back it in like a supermoto legend. the 45mm fork gets additional electronic adjustability, and wears blue anodised m brake calipers with two brake pad variants available (road and track); a lightweight battery, cruise control, heated grips, keyless ignition, aluminium forged wheels, and more\u2026 it\u2019s a proper pussycat at legal speeds, and like a feral tomcat on track. key facts 648cc air/oil-cooled parallel twin i 46.4bhp i 243kg (estimated) i 740mm seat height i \u00a36299 (estimated). royal enfield\u2019s new super meteor 650 is almost guaranteed to be another smash-hit for the indian giant. based on the 648cc air/oil-cooled twin platform from the interceptor 650, it finds a more laid-back home here, combined with traditional styling cues, uncluttered controls that also boast a basic satnav module, retro clocks and a pleasing smattering of shiny bits. harris chassis know-how means it should handle well, and tubeless alloy rims boost practicality. swept-back bars, feet-forward controls, an led headlamp, and finned heads are all standard but there\u2019s a whole warehouse of official accessories, too. key facts 931cc\u00a0i 122bhp i 220kg (dry) i 850/870mm seat height i \u00a3tbc. the cagiva elefant-aping lucky explorer 9.5 uses an engine derived from the firm\u2019s well-proven 800 triple. capacity is increased to 931cc, while a raft of internal modifications include a new cylinder head, (counter-rotating) crank and pistons, plus a new cooling system, oil feed, clutch, generator and starter motor. there\u2019s a generous 7in tft dash and it will have bluetooth connectivity and cruise control as standard and a 20-litre fuel tank. mcn rode a prototype last year and found it suitably sporty on the road and not out of its comfort zone when ridden hard, despite the long-travel suspension and 21in front wheel \u2013 while it also felt instantly at home off-road. if the price is right, it could be a winner. key facts 1042cc liquid-cooled, 8v, 90\u00b0 v-twin i 113bhp i 233kg i 815mm seat height i \u00a315,750. new from the ground-up, the moto guzzi v100 mandello is beautifully crafted and thoroughly modern, with a colour dash and lean-sensitive rider aids, including semi-active \u00f6hlins smart ec 2.0 semi-active suspension and an up/down quickshifter on the s model. the new liquid-cooled 1042cc, 113bhp transverse v-twin is a first for guzzi, and it\u2019s the first production bike to have adaptive aerodynamics. flaps on the front edges of the tank automatically open to direct air around the rider and pillion and reduce wind pressure by a claimed 22%. 113bhp might sound mild, but performance is never lacking and it delivers smooth grunt to punch out of corners with character. the riding position itself is nigh-on perfect, the seat is comfy, and the ride quality is as plush or sporty as you want it to be. it\u2019s a \u2018hit\u2019. key facts 765cc inline triple\u00a0i 128.2bhp i 188kg i 839mm\u00a0seat height i \u00a313,795. the triumph street triple 765 moto2 edition is a more powerful, updated version of the rs \u2013 lavished with fully adjustable \u00f6hlins, plus brembo stylema calipers, and clip-ons that bring the bar position 50mm further forward and 80mm lower than other sts. the head angle and trail are both reduced, while the rear has been raised, too. it now develops 128bhp, via combustion chamber improvements, new pistons and an increased compression ratio. it also gets fabulously garish paint and branding, while only 765 numbered examples will be built in each colour. but you could save a wodge of cash and get the rs instead. it gets all the same engine and electronic updates as the moto2 \u2013 but with showa forks and less lairy paintjobs \u2013 all for just \u00a311,295. key facts 998cc liquid-cooled dohc inline-four i 205bhp i 194kg (dry) i 845mm seat height i \u00a350,000 (estimated). the mv agusta superveloce 1000 serie oro uses the brutale 1000rr\u2019s 998cc inline four as its beating heart, and the frame and single-sided swingarm are also pilfered wholesale, while it\u2019s clad in carbon-fibre bodywork inspired by mv\u2019s 1972 500 gp racer. carbon-fibre bits include winglets claimed to deliver 39.2kg of downforce at 199mph and very cool disc covers. the oro promises to be relatively comfortable and uses electronically adjustable \u00f6hlins nix forks for a high-quality ride, matched to an \u00f6hlins ttx rear shock. brembo stylema monobloc calipers adorn the fork, while you also get five-spoke forged aluminium rims, four under-seat exhausts and a bulging suite of lean-sensitive electronics. sadly, few us will ever be able to afford one. key facts 998cc liquid-cooled, supercharged inline-four i\u00a0197bhp i 267kg i 835mm seat height i \u00a3tbc. the 2023 kawasaki h2 sx se gets a raft of little updates, including auto high beam to save you fumbling in mid-air with a gloved finger, and even more usefully it features the firms adaptive cruise control and blind spot detection, and the new 6.5in colour tft dash offers smartphone connectivity via bluetooth. the twin radar set-up also enables a forward collision warning feature and an emergency stop signal warning to alert following vehicles that you\u2019re hard on the anchors. plus you get keyless ignition, led cornering lights, tpms and hill hold. and no other bike on the market (z h2 aside) offers a chirping and whooshing supercharged ride. key facts i\u00a0961cc pushrod 4v twin\u00a0i 76.8bhp i 230kg i 810mm seat height i \u00a316,499. the new norton commando 961 is finally the modern incarnation it should always have been. the 961cc parallel twin has been fully reworked by the new norton outfit \u2013 new camshafts and valve train, improved materials and proper testing being the biggest wins. it now pulls sweetly and cleanly all the way to the limiter. oil for the dry-sump engine is carried in a tank in the frame, which uses the same geometry as before and results in easy, predictable handling. it\u2019s now a great british retro. key facts\u00a0937cc i\u00a0111bhp i 186kg i 840mm seat height i \u00a313,995. the new ducati monster sp uses the same 111bhp 937cc liquid-cooled v-twin and lightweight aluminium twin beam frame as the fabulous stock monster \u2013 and borrows its dash and rider geometry. but changes include a gp-inspired paintjob; red saddle and logo\u2019d pillion seat cover; and fully-adjustable top-spec \u00f6hlins 43mm nix30 forks and shock. the brakes are brembo stylema radial calipers, it gets a lithium-ion battery, new steering damper, a small flyscreen, termignoni silencer and sportier pirelli diablo rosso iv tyres. key facts 803cc i 73bhp i 185kg i 795mm seat height i \u00a310,995. the sportiest of the new ducati scrambler models rocks a road-legal termignoni exhaust; road and wet riding modes; cornering abs; a brand-new 4.3in tft clock unit; new chassis with separate subframe; led lighting; a bi-directional quickshifter and 4kg weight loss. key facts 600cc i 50bhp i 136kg i 830mm seat height i \u00a329,995. celebrating the firm\u2019s 50th anniversary, the ccm heritage \u201971 ti is a decadent exercise in minimalism and materials snobbery. the skeletal bodywork is attached to a titanium frame, which holds the firm\u2019s 600cc thumper. titanium abounds, meaning a glorious lack of mass, too. key facts 449cc i tbcbhp i 110.2kg i tbcmm seat height i \u00a3tbc. this dirty bimota features a 449cc dohc liquid-cooled, single-cylinder four-stroke engine, housed in aluminium perimeter frame. the bx450 off roader boasts multiple engine maps, traction control, a 5-speed \u2019box, electric start and a 10.7-litre fuel tank. \u00a9 1955-2023 bauer media group. bauer media group consists of: bauer consumer media ltd, company number: 01176085; bauer radio ltd, company number: 1394141; h bauer publishing, company number: lp003328\n\t\t\tregistered office: media house, peterborough business park, lynch wood, peterborough. \n\t\t\tall registered in england and wales. vat no 918 5617 01\n\t\t\th bauer publishing are authorised and regulated for credit broking by the fca (ref no. 845898). here it is, another subjective list of the best-looking motorcycles of 2023. these are ones that i look at and think \u201ccrikey!\u201d and think others would to. some of these motorcycles came out in mid-2022, and might be released as a 2022 model year in some places. and maybe some of these motorcycles were released a year or two prior, but i didn\u2019t recognise them, and want to give them some airtime. but they\u2019re all available new in model year 2023. you might notice some themes as you look down the motorcycles here, like a larger number of middleweight adventure motorcycles. it\u2019s not entirely my subjective taste\u00a0\u2014 some of it is fashion and what\u2019s popular in motorcycles these days. see the all the lists of best-looking motorcycles if you want to look at other pretty pictures:. well, i am. that\u2019s why i created this site \u2014 as an outlet. i love learning and sharing what others might find useful. if you like what you read here, and you\u2019re a fraction as obsessed as i am, you might like to know when i\u2019ve published more. (check the latest for an idea of what you\u2019ll see.). aprilia launched the tuareg 660 as a 2022 model but only in the second half of the year, so i\u2019m counting this one as one of the best-looking motorcycles for 2023 (besides, for 2022 i listed the aprilia tuono v4). the aprilia tuareg 660 is the third motorcycle in the aprilia 660 line-up of middleweight motorcycles that started with the rs 660 and was quickly followed up by the tuono 660. the engine was a similar highly-tuned unit in the rs 660 and tuono 660, but the 659-cc parallel twin has been detuned for more torque in the tuareg. so in the tuareg, the same engine makes similar peak torque of 70 nm (52 lbf-ft) at a lower 6500 rpm, but just 59 kw (80 hp) at 9250 rpm. but who needs top end when you\u2019re doing off-road riding? that\u2019s what the tuareg 660 is best for, with 240 mm (9.4 inches) of suspension travel on both ends, a 21/18-inch tire setup, and a comfortable upright riding position. they\u2019ve also managed to keep the weight down (impressive given the protection they added) to 204 kg / 450 lb fully fuelled \u2014 not as light as a dirt bike, but lighter than the adventure-touring competition. (see here for all the middleweight adventure tourers.). aside from the engine, aprilia changed a bunch of things on the tuareg 660 \u2014 this isn\u2019t just a tuono in different plastics. most obviously, it has a 21-inch front tire, more protection, and longer-travel suspension. in addition, the tuareg is designed to carry more load more easily and geared to navigate at low speeds. aesthetically, i like it how the tuareg manages to make practical things like a strong chassis, long-travel suspension, and under-carriage protection all work together and not seem ungainly. \u201cthat\u2019s not the name of a motorcycle, that\u2019s just a string of letters and numbers!\u201d well, it\u2019s both. the m 1000 r is the latest \u201cm\u201d model of motorcycle from bmw, basically an s 1000 r (single r) with rr characteristics. the bmw s 1000 r has been bmw\u2019s naked street sport bike for a number of years. i love it \u2014 oodles of power, and handling that makes me seem like a much better rider than i am. (here\u2019s my buyer\u2019s guide.). but other manufacturers keep upping the ante. somehow, 165 peak horsepower doesn\u2019t cut it for a naked bike these days. the triumph speed triple, ducati streetfighter v4, and kawasaki z h2 all make much more power. so to catch up, bmw released the m 1000 r, which is in a nutshell an s 1000 r (single r) streetfighter-style superbike with the same generation s 1000 rr (double r) shiftcam engine in it, plus winglets, m brakes, forged aluminium wheels, a lightweight battery, and bar-end mirrors. it\u2019s easy to get lost between all the different letters in the s / m franchise. here\u2019s a quick cheat sheet:. the current generation s is still an awesome bike, but it has the standard non-shiftcam engine in it, plus it lacks winglets. ducati keeps rolling out that v4 engine to more and more motorcycles. it debuted in the panigale, then came in granturismo format (with no desmo and super-long valve service intervals) in the multistrada v4, and now it\u2019s in the diavel v4. the diavel v4 is the latest in ducati\u2019s iconic diavel / xdiavel range of sporty \u201ccruiser\u201d motorcycles. it replaces the 1260 v-twin engine with the granturismo v4 engine which we first saw in the ducati multistrada v4. it\u2019s ducati\u2019s first engine not to have desmodromic timing in a long time, and the result is that maintenance is not only slightly easier, but also much wider, with a massive 36000 miles or 60000 km between valve service intervals. oh, it\u2019s also ridiculously powerful and torque-rich, making 126 nm / 93 lb-ft at 7500 rpm, and 124 kw / 168 hp at 10750 rpm. given the diavel v4 isn\u2019t even that heavy (a very manageable 236 kg / 520 lb, most of which is down low), the diavel v4 is a seriously quick bike. also from the ducati house, the lamborghini streetfighter v4 is supposed to be good-looking, but i just don\u2019t dig that acid yellow. perhaps you have different taste \u2014\u00a0here\u2019s a pic of it. the streetfighter v4 lamborghini is built on a base of the panigale v4 s, and styled after the lamborghini hurac\u00e1n sto. it has the 208 hp 1103 cc desmosedici stradale engine at its core, and uses \u00f6hlins smart ec 2.0 semi-active suspension and brembo stylema calipers on 330mm discs. like the streetfighter v4 sp (but unlike the streetfighter v4 s), the v4 lamborghini also has a dry clutch. (see here for the ducati streetfighter model guide.). ducati also slightly upgraded its panigale v4 sp and streetfighter v4 sp models, but those changes aren\u2019t anywhere near as significant. harley-davidson released the low-rider st in mid 2022, so i\u2019m counting it as a 2023 bike unless we get any surprises about the 2023 model line. the harley-davidson low rider st is essentially a low rider s \u2014 a sporty cruiser with mid controls (for a neutral riding position, knees at 90 degrees), inverted forks, and twin disc brakes \u2014 but dressed up in a fairing and with twin bags. harley-davidson also tweaked the front suspension to boot. like many high-spec harleys, the low rider st has the air/oil-cooled milwaukee-eight 117 engine at its core. this is harley\u2019s most premium-spec engine \u2014 it also graces the limited-edition cvo bikes, for example. it makes a whopping 125 lb-ft of torque at 3500 rpm, with no ride modes or traction control to get in the way\u2026 it\u2019s all at your fingertips to use as you wish. but it\u2019s the gunship gray colour scheme (an extra us$450 option) that really commands attention here. combined with the blacked-out details, it really stands out, and is one of my favourite colours for motorcycles. it might seem superficial, but we\u2019re talking aesthetics and harleys here. harley-davidson always has a bunch of stunning bikes in its line-up. the breakout is back in the 2023 line-up in the us after a 3-year hiatus, after it continued to be a top seller elsewhere in the world (notably in australia). the new 2023+ breakout has the milwaukee-eight 117 motor and has a 5-gallon tank again (up from 3.5 from the earlier milwaukee-eight years). see the full guide to the harley-davidson breakout and how it has changed since the first model, 2013 cvo breakout. naysayers may poopoo it next to the original transalp which now comparatively drips with retro charm (see the buyer\u2019s guide to the honda transalp, past and present), but the new transalp has a nice blend of clean design and the promise of the ability to explore. so part of the aesthetic for me is what a bike like this promises \u2014 adventure! the honda transalp 750 is powered by a 755-cc liquid-cooled \u201cunicam\u201d parallel twin with a 270-degree crank. it\u2019s an all-new motor for honda, and is also found in the new 2023 cb750, honda\u2019s new darling middleweight naked roadster. in the transalp, the motor makes a peak of 67.5 kw / 92 hp at 9500 rpm, a near-perfect amount of power for a bike like this. but the headline features are that the new 2023 transalp comes with a 21-inch front wheel and 200 and 190mm of suspension travel at the front and rear, respectively. a lot of people end up on adventure tourers because they\u2019re the right compromise between fun and practicality. and a lot of others, like me, are still in search of \u201cthe one\u201d that ticks all the right boxes. (we\u2019re getting closer!). the husqvarna norden 901 is husqvarna\u2019s first attempt at building an adventure tourer. they\u2019re building on the back of the ktm 890 adventure platform, borrowing most of the high-end equipment, including the engine, chassis, suspension, and brakes. so the core of the norden 901 is an 889 cc liquid-cooled parallel twin with a 270-degree crankshaft. with its 13.5:1 compression ratio, it makes 105 hp (77 kw) at 8000 rpm. the suspension is adjustable on both ends (the 43mm fork up front is fully adjustable and the shock is adjustable for preload and rebound damping), and the dual 320mm discs are gripped by radially-mounted 4-piston calipers. for off-road adventuring, the norden 901 has great intermediate specs, with 220 / 215 mm (8.7 / 8.5 in) of suspension travel front and rear, and a 21-inch front wheel. wheels are spoked on both sides (which makes off-road work less jarring), and there\u2019s protection for the fork lowers, sump, and hands. the norden 901 can take you there! purely on aesthetics though, the husqvarna norden 901 is quite different from the ktm bikes. it manages to look modern but retro, and i like it. indian has modified its line of ftr motorcycles for 2023, replacing the ftr s with the ftr sport. the indian ftr (formerly ftr1200) has been a popular bike for ftr since they launched the line a few years prior. it has a raucous 120cc liquid-cooled v-twin that makes peak power of 92 kw (123 hp) at 7750 rpm \u2014\u00a0a very accessible powerband. with fully adjustable front and rear suspension and brembo brakes on dual 320mm calipers, plus the full suite of ride aids (cornering abs, cruise control, and ride modes), it\u2019s a pretty compelling package. plus, they all look great. anecdotally, the person with the ftr always seems to get attention at bike meets and cafes. the indian ftr sport is the same basic bike as the ftr s \u2014 same engine, suspension, and brakes \u2014 but the 2023 ftr sport gets. the sport also gets a few styling details by default, including a small fairing and seat cowl. interim 2023 update: just as 2023 was getting underway, indian announced and launched the sport chief, a version of their chief with inverted forks and twin disc brakes. the indian sport chief is based on the same platform as the 2022 indian chief, with the air-cooled thunderstroke 116 motor at its core. it has a lighter frame than the outgoing chief, plus comes with the ride command tft, a nice blend of old style and new tech. i\u2019m a sucker for a good-looking cruiser, a bike that feels good enough to keep me from doing illegal speeds (well\u2026 not absurdly illegal), and the indian chief has always done it for me. the sport chief takes away the rest of my apprehensions by adding the fairing i\u2019d inevitably need, and upping the suspension and brake spec to match the harley-davidson low rider s. then the stealth gray colour scheme seals the deal. this is my present to myself if/when i get to a certain level of wealth! see here for more about the 2022 indian chief in general. the kawasaki zx-4rr (known as the zx-4r in some markets) is the return of the four-cylinder high-revving sport bike! in terms of aesthetics, it looks a lot like other krt sport motorcycles form kawasaki. even the humble ninja 650, a street commuter, looks cool in this livery. but the promise of the high-revving 399 cc liquid-cooled engine is what gets people\u2019s hearts fluttering. it makes peak torque of 36 nm / 36.5 lb-ft at 11000 rpm, very similar to the peak torque made by the honda cb400 super four, but higher revving to make peak power of 57 kw (77 ps), or 59 kw (80 ps) with ram air per the kawasaki europe announcement. by my math, that peak power would arrive around 16000 rpm. making an engine sing that high in everyday riding is a recipe for fun! the rest of the zx-4r is quite high-spec for a modestly-powered bike, including a fully adjustable showa separate function fork, dual 290mm discs with radial-mount monoblock calipers, ride modes, abs/tc, and even a standard quick shifter. moto guzzi has always had some of the best-looking motorcycles, as they prioritise classic aesthetics (and feel) over the latest tech. the balance has shifted with their 2023 headliner, the v100 mandello. there\u2019s a lot that\u2019s special about the moto guzzi v100 mandello. it is the first moto guzzi motorcycle to have:. the engine is new in a lot of ways, using modern technology like double overhead camshafts, four valves per cylinder, and chain-driven cams. the net result is a respectable peak power of 115 hp from the 1042 cc engine \u2014 about what i\u2019d expect for a middleweight sport tourer.\u2019. like other moto guzzi motorcycles, final drive is via a shaft. but aside from all that, the moto guzzi actually looks good in a class of motorcycles that traditionally struggles to look interesting: upright sport tourers. a single-sided swinging arm, tasteful colours, and a nice design to the wheels\u2026 i\u2019d love this in my garage. the royal enfield 650 twins (the continental gt and the interceptor) are already very good-looking bikes. royal enfield definitely knows how to make an attractive bike on a budget! the super meteor 650 is the third bike in the 650 twins series, but in cruiser format. like its stablemates, it\u2019s powered by a 648-cc parallel twin with a 270-degree crankshaft that\u2019s air-and-oil-cooled that makes a modest 47 hp at 7250 rpm, making this cruiser learner-friendly in many parts of the world. it\u2019s heavier than the other 650 twins though, so this is quite a sedate ride. the meteor 650 is a bigger sibling to the also very attractive meteor 350. royal enfield is quickly cornering the market for cool and affordable entry-level motorcycles. the best part is, this handsome cruiser will be learner-legal in europe (a2) and australia / nz (lams). i\u2019ve been a big fan of suzuki\u2019s re-design of the v-strom since it first happened a few years ago. it\u2019s based on the classic dr big design, which was named after an evil superhero from another galaxy. whether you like the \u201cbeak\u201d design on adventure motorcycles or not, suzuki\u2019s invented it with the dr big! well, suzuki have done it again with the 1050 de\u2019s design, which looks as great as its predecessors. that\u2019s because the same guy designed both \u2014 ichiro miyata, who joined suzuki four decades ago in 1983. the suzuki v-strom 1050 de borrows heavily from the v-strom 1050 xt, which it replaces, but has some significant and long requested upgrades. the v-strom de takes the same engine and general design concept, but adds a 21-inch front tire (which is tubed!), more adventure-ready rubber, longer-travel suspension, a bunch of off-road features that xt riders would have added anyway, e.g. wide foot pegs, a stronger sump guard, and other stronger parts. suzuki also upgraded the electronics, adding the much-requested switchable rear abs, and even a \u201cgravel\u201d mode to the traction control system. on top of this, suzuki improved the tft display. the v-strom 1050 de is now one of my top contenders for the best value adventure motorcycle. it\u2019s a bonus that it\u2019s good-looking. suzuki came up with two other motorcycles based on the new 800 platform, the gsx-8s and the v-strom 800de. they\u2019re awesome, but i like the look of the 1050 de the most. yes, \u201cbond edition\u201d is a shameless grab at our wallets, but it gives me an excuse to write about a 2023 version of the 2022 bike. the speed triple 1200rr bond edition is a limited 60-run (already sold-out, of course) of the 1200rr with custom detailing for the bond edition. otherwise it\u2019s the same as the already awesome 1200rr, which is essentially a speed triple 1200 rs with clip-ons and \u00f6hlins smart suspension. it keeps the 1160 cc three-cylinder engine (a \u201ctriple\u201d) that makes 180 hp / 132 kw at 10750 rpm, with brembo stylema calipers keeping it in check. i\u2019d say the same thing about the speed triple 1200rr as i\u2019d say about any modern superbike: that\u2019s cool, now show me the naked version with a more mid-range focused power curve. luckily, that\u2019s called the speed triple, and it was around before rr. the truth is, triumph has a lot of good-looking bikes. so it\u2019s hard to choose. they constantly release special editions, like all the ones coming in shiny \u201cchrome\u201d edition for 2023. special credit to the street triple moto2tm limited edition. it\u2019s a very cool bike, and my favourite class of street bike to actually ride, but aesthetically it looks a little busy. and \u201cacid yellow\u201d, as edgy as it is, will not really stand the test of time as a colour. that\u2019s right, i\u2019m calling it! i may be proven wrong, but by that time i\u2019ll have moved on in life. for the 2023 model year, yamaha has updated their instantly iconic t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 700 middleweight adventure bike with a new \u201crally\u201d edition. in case adventure bikes aren\u2019t your thing and you\u2019ve missed it, the yamaha t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 700 is a middleweight adventure motorcycle based on the same \u201ccp2\u201d engine that\u2019s in the yamaha mt-07, xsr900, and yzf-r7. it\u2019s a great engine \u2014 lively, easy to use, and full of character, something that\u2019s rare in the middleweight class. the 2023 t7 rally edition is not the first rally edition, but it\u2019s the first one with this colour scheme and also the 5-inch tft screen that we first saw on the world raid version last year (it\u2019s now standard across the line\u2026 in most countries). the 2023 rally edition also gets a fat skid plate and the akrapovi\u010d muffler that the original rally got. aside from that, the 2023 t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 700 is still the firecracker of a middleweight adventure bike, with a colour scheme that\u2019ll be collectible, and which i think makes it one of the best-looking bikes in the adventure class. unfortunately, not every market gets it, but at least the others get the world raid with its higher-spec gear. it\u2019s early in 2023, and some brands tend to release motorcycles halfway through the year. if i see anything exciting from other brands, i\u2019ll add them. but don\u2019t hesitate to let me know, anyway. rider, hacker, and self-taught everything. i have lived in a dozen countries, speak almost as many languages, can deadlift a motorcycle, make a mean cappuccino, and do one great card trick. the most interesting \u2014 from a riders perspective \u2013 motorcycles of 2021. read more the best motorcycles of 2021 \u2014 for riderscontinue. three motorcycles (that you can actually buy and aren\u2019t crazy one-off specials) that will never die \u2014 to ride in the apocalypse. read more three apocalypse motorcycles to if the world endedcontinue. air-cooled (and air/oil-cooled) motorcycles you can still buy. read more all the big, modern air-cooled motorcycles you can still buy\u2026 for nowcontinue. comparing the yamaha t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 660r, bmw f650 (or g650gs), honda xr650r, kawasaki klr650 and the suzuki dr650 as long-range adventure travel motorcycles. read more which big thumper motorcycle for adventure travel?continue. want to go to a track day, but need to buy a new bike? these are the best first track motorcycles. read more best first track motorcycles\u00a0\u2014 what bike is best?continue. my list of the best-looking motorcycles of 2022. to be updated if more models are released. read more the best-looking motorcycles of 2022 \u2014 another subjective listcontinue. to me, \u201cbest looking\u201d needs to specify the colorway that one thinks is beautiful and be independent of whether it\u2019s a new model for 2023. because color offerings can change yearly and make the bike beautiful.\njust as two examples, harley\u2019s 2023 anniversary edition electra glide and kawasaki zx-10r krt belong on such a list. they are stunning because of their colorway and their designs. (another red ducati is not!). your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment. this site uses akismet to reduce spam. learn how your comment data is processed. motorcycle buyers guides, reviews, market analysis, gear, and much more. this 2023 motorcycle buyers guide highlights new or significantly updated street-legal models available in the u.s. we include a couple of 2024 teasers too. we will continually update the guide as new models are available, so be sure to bookmark this page and check back often. related story: 2022 motorcycle buyers guide: new street models. organized in alphabetical order by manufacturer, our guide includes photos, pricing, key update info, and links to first looks and \u2013 when available \u2013 first rides, road tests, and video reviews of each motorcycle. the 2023 aprilia rs 660 extrema will include updated and new standard equipment. the bike still features a liquid-cooled 659cc dohc parallel-twin making a claimed 100 hp and 49.4 lb-ft of torque at 8,500 rpm but has a\u00a0lighter street-legal exhaust system by sc project with a carbon silencer positioned on the right side and a new carbon engine undercover. standard electronics on the rs 660 include traction control, cornering abs, engine brake, engine map, and wheelie control \u2013 all adjustable \u2013 as well as five ride modes (road and track, three fixed and two customizable). pricing has not yet been announced. related story: new and updated 2023 aprilia, moto guzzi, piaggio, and vespa models. the 2023 arch motorcycle 1s is the sophomore effort from the company owned by keanu reeves and gard hollinger. the bespoke air-cooled 2,032cc v-twin sport cruiser has cnc-machined aluminum chassis sections, high-end \u00f6hlins suspension, bst carbon-fiber wheels, and a carbon-fiber airbox that allows downdraft induction and doubles as the fuel tank. instrumentation is delivered via an aim sports tft gauge pack, and the bike features an adaptive led headlamp, bar-end led front turnsignals, and a cove-reflective led taillight. the 1s starts at $128,000. read our arch motorcycle 1s first ride review. the 2023 bmw m 1000 r is the second model in the two-wheel m motorsport lineup and the first m roadster. the bike is based on the current s 1000 r and s 1000 rr (see below). the new m r uses the same water-cooled 999cc inline-four engine developed from the m 1000 rr, delivering a claimed 205 hp at 13,500 rpm (40 hp more than in the s 1000 r, and a slightly higher engine speed than the m rr) and 83 lb-ft of torque at 11,000 rpm, as well as bmw shiftcam technology. bmw says the new m r engine is \u201csignificantly more powerful than the 4-cylinder of the s 1000 r across the entire rev range.\u201d. the m r features four ride modes \u2013 rain, road, dynamic, and race \u2013 as well as three \u201cpro\u201d race modes, three adjustable throttle characteristics, a slip/assist clutch, shift assistant pro, and more. msrp is $21,345 for light white non-metallic, and the m competition model comes in blackstorm metallic. read our 2023 bmw s 1000 rr and m 1000 r first ride review. the 2023 bmw m 1000 rr and the m rr m competition bikes still have a liquid-cooled\u00a0999cc inline-four engine of previous models, making a claimed 205 hp at 13,000 rpm and 83 lb-ft of torque at 11,000 rpm, as well as two-ring forged pistons and fully cnc-machined intake ports and bmw shiftcam technology to vary valve timing and lift. the bike also offers the same ride modes and latest generation of other features riders appreciate. as far as upgrades to the 2023 bmw m 1000 rr, bmw is touting \u201cincreased downforce and improved top speed in one package\u201d resulting from advancements in the area of aerodynamics, including a newly designed fairing, revised m winglets, and improvements to the front end. the 2023 bmw m 1000 rr comes in light white non-metallic starting at $32,995. the m rr m competition model comes in blackstorm metallic. read our 2023 bmw m 1000 rr first look review. while many things about the 2023 bmw r 1250 r remain the same as last year, including the 1,254cc 2-cylinder air/liquid-cooled boxer engine with shiftcam technology delivering a claimed 136 hp and 105 ft-lbs of torque, bmw has made several upgrades to the 2023 model. these include making several features standard that used to be optional, including dynamic traction control, abs pro (part integral), and dynamic brake control, as well as adding a new \u201ceco\u201d ride mode, led turn indicators, a solo seat rear cover, and some new options. and all of this comes at the same price as the 2022 model of $14,995. the 2023 bmw r 1250 r comes in ice grey non-metallic in conjunction with a black frame or the optional variants of triple black or style sport (shown above). read our 2023 bmw r 1250 r first look review. the 2023 bmw r 1250 rs has a liquid-cooled 1,254cc boxer twin with bmw\u2019s shiftcam technology for varying valve timing and making a claimed 136 hp and 105 lb-ft of torque. in addition to the rain and road ride modes, bmw has added a new eco ride mode with a soft throttle map and moderate engine torque limitation. other new standard features include dynamic traction control, abs pro, dynamic brake control, redesigned led turnsignals, and a second usb socket. bmw has also added several new optional extras for the r 1250 rs. light white with a black frame is the standard colorway. optional sport style includes the light white with racing blue and racing red paint, a light white frame, gold front and rear brake calipers, and a blue front spoiler. the triple black style option comes with black storm paint, an agate grey frame, gold front and rear brake calipers, and a stainless-steel engine spoiler.\u00a0the 2023 bmw r 1250 rs still starts at $15,695 and is expected to arrive in america in the spring of 2023. read our 2023 bmw r 1250 rs first look review. the 2023 bmw s 1000 rr has been updated with enhancements to the chassis, suspension, aerodynamics, and electronic assist systems. the s 1000 rr still features a 999cc inline-four of previous models, with a 6-speed gearbox delivering a claimed 205 hp at 13,000 rpm and 83 lb-ft of torque at 11,000 rpm, as well as bmw\u2019s variable valve timing and valve stroke shiftcam technology, producing increased torque in the low- to mid-range and increased top-end power. the 2023 s 1000 rr offers a shorter secondary gear ratio; redesigned intake ducts and funnels; increased rake, trail, and wheelbase; a height-adjustable shock; and updates to the bike\u2019s aerodynamics. abs pro is now standard, and the bike also now features slide control, two standard throttle maps, and brake slide assist. the 2023 bmw s 1000 rr comes in three colorways starting at $17,895. read our 2023 bmw s 1000 rr and m 1000 r first ride review. ok, we\u2019ve gotten a bit ahead of ourselves with this one since the earliest you can buy it will be mid-2024. at the annual club brp event in august2, can-am unveiled two all-new, all-electric motorcycles \u2013 the origin dual-sport and the pulse roadster (below). detailed specs won\u2019t be provided until mid-2023 (at can-am\u2019s 50th anniversary celebration), but both will be powered by brp\u2019s all-new, proprietary rotax e-power technology, said to provide \u201chighway-worthy speeds with plenty of horsepower and torque.\u201d. the can-am origin has rally-style bodywork, fork guards, and spoked wheels, in diameters that appear to be 21 inches in front and 18 inches out back, common sizes for off-road tires. the final drive is enclosed, and can-am reps would not reveal whether power is sent to the rear wheel via chain (used on nearly all dual-sports) or belt (used on many production electric bikes). read our can-am origin and pulse first look review. the can-am pulse has the muscular stance of a streetfighter, with racy-looking cast wheels shod with sportbike rubber and a sculpted \u201ctank\u201d that keeps the bike\u2019s profile in line with conventional gas-powered motorcycles. the origin dual-sport (above) and pulse roadster share key design elements: distinctive led headlights, large tft displays, edgy white and gray bodywork, a bright yellow panel covering their battery packs, inverted forks, single-sided swingarms, single-disc brakes front and rear, and solo seats. rear cowls may cover pillion seats; passenger footpegs are not visible on either machine, but production versions will likely have passenger accommodations. read our can-am origin and pulse first look review. the 2023 cfmoto 450ss is powered by a liquid-cooled dohc 450cc parallel-twin with a 270-degree crankshaft making a claimed 50 hp at 9,500 rpm and 28.8 lb-ft of torque at 7,600 rpm. it features brembo brakes and abs, optional reverse shifting, sport suspension, gp-derived winglets, and a 5-inch tft display. the 2023 cfmoto 450ss comes in nebula white or zircon black starting at $5,499. read our 2023 cfmoto 450ss first look review. like its up-spec sibling, which we tested in june 2022, the 2023 cfmoto ibex 800 s features a liquid-cooled, dohc, 8-valve 799cc parallel-twin borrowed from the previous-generation\u00a0ktm 790 adventure\u00a0making a claimed 94 hp and 57 lb-ft of torque. related: 2023 cfmoto ibex 800 t first ride review. the ibex 800 s has two ride modes (sport and rain), cruise control, fully adjustable kyb suspension, 19-inch front and 17-inch rear aluminum alloy wheels (spoked on the ibex 800 t), and j. juan brake components and abs as standard. the 2023 cfmoto ibex 800 s will come in nebula black and twilight blue starting at $9,499. read our 2023 cfmoto ibex 800 s first look review. the 2023 cfmoto ibex 800 t (formerly known as the 800 adventura t) is powered by a liquid-cooled, dohc, 8-valve 799cc parallel-twin borrowed from the previous-generation ktm 790 adventure and makes a claimed 95 hp and 57 lb-ft of torque. equipped with throttle-by-wire, it has two ride modes (sport and rain) and cruise control. it has a chromoly-steel frame, fully adjustable kyb suspension, j. juan triple-disc brakes with cornering abs, and a 7-inch tft display. the base-model ibex 800 s (for street) has cast wheels and an msrp of $9,499. the up-spec ibex 800 t (for terrain, shown above) has spoked wheels, a quickshifter, a tire-pressure monitoring system, a steering damper, a skid plate, crash bars, handguards, and a centerstand. msrp is $10,499. they should be available in late 2022 or early 2023. read our 2023 cfmoto ibex 800 t first ride review. introduced in 2011. the diavel originally featured a 1198cc testastretta l-twin that made a claimed 162 hp. the power cruiser has seen some dramatic changes in the subsequent years, and the 2023 ducati diavel v4 now has 1,158cc v4 granturismo engine making a claimed 168 hp and 93 lb-ft of torque. ducati says the counter-rotating crankshaft of the engine, which derives from the desmosedici stradale of panigale and streetfighter v4 (see below), reduces the gyroscopic effect while increasing the bike\u2019s agility. the 2023 ducati diavel v4 is 28.6 lb than the diavel 1260 s and features a new wet ride mode, increased travel, and a higher, closer handlebar, as well as returning popular features. pricing will begin at an msrp of $26,695 in ducati red color or $26,995 for thrilling black. read our 2023 ducati diavel v4 first look review. the 2023 ducati monster sp is an up-spec model with an \u00f6hlins nix30 fork, brembo stylema monoblock front calipers, a termignoni homologated silencer, pirelli diablo rosso iv tires, a steering damper, dynamic turn indicators, and a lithium-ion battery. curb weight is 410 lb, 4 pounds lighter than its stablemates. like the monster and monster plus, the sp is powered by a 937cc 90-degree v-twin that makes 111 hp at 9,250 rpm and 69 lb-ft of torque at 6,500 rpm, and it has a full suite of electronic rider aids. the 2023 ducati monster sp sports desmosedici gp livery and is priced at $15,595. read our 2023 ducati monster sp first look review. filling the gap left by the now-defunct multistrada 1260 enduro, the new 2023 ducati multistrada v4 rally comes standard with spoked tubeless wheels in 19-/17-inch sizes, additional suspension travel (7.9 inches front/rear), and a larger 7.9-gallon fuel tank (up from 5.8 gallons on other multistrada models). it also has a larger windscreen, a longer tailsection for more spacious passenger accommodations, rubber-mounted passenger footpegs, and a centerstand. like other multistrada v4 models, it\u2019s built around the granturismo v4 that makes 170 hp at 10,750 rpm and 89 lb-ft of torque at 8,750 rpm. in north america, the multistrada v4 rally will be available in north america in one version: adventure travel & radar, equipped with adaptive cruise control and blind spot detection, aluminum side cases, and heated grips and seats. msrp is $29,995 for ducati red and $30,595 for brushed aluminum & matte black. read our 2023 ducati multistrada v4 rally first look review. the 2023 ducati panigale v4 r is a street-legal superbike that is ducati\u2019s closest production model to a competition motorcycle. the panigale v4 features the 998cc desmosedici stradale r engine seen in previous models, making a claimed 207 hp at 13,500 rpm with 82 lb-ft of torque. add on the racing exhaust and shell oil specifically formulated for the panigale v4 r\u2019s new dry clutch, and the horsepower jumps to a track-tested 240.5 hp. ducati also lengthened the gear ratios for the 2023 model for improved engine management when braking and better acceleration coming out of corners. the 2023 ducati panigale v4 r in motogp-derived racing livery will retail for $44,995 and is expected to arrive in dealerships in the spring of 2023. read our 2023 ducati panigale v4 r first look review. the new 2023 ducati scrambler family, which includes the icon, full throttle, and nightshift, will still feature the air-cooled 803cc l-twin with a desmodromic valve system making a claimed 73 hp and 48.1 lb-ft of torque at 7,000 rpm (a bump from the 2021 scrambler motard) with a 6-speed gearbox, a slip-assist clutch, and chain final drive. the new engine is 5.5 lb lighter than the previous generation and has been equipped with a new and more compact eight-disc clutch. the 2023 scrambler frame is still a trellis design but has also been updated and lightened, with a redesigned swingarm and a repositioned shock absorber. the 2023 bikes now have electronic management of the ride by wire throttle, and riding improvements also come from a slightly increased steering angle. new instrumentation includes the 4.3-inch color tft and dedicated hmi. from a style standpoint, the front headlight, now full led, keeps the iconic \u201cx\u201d but has been redesigned with an even more recognizable style, and the new taillight design is now with a semi-circular line, always full led, along with the direction indicators. but those are just two of many style points that make the new scramblers distinct. read our 2023 ducati scrambler range first look review. the 2023 ducati streetfighter v4 models, which includes the v4, v4 s, and exclusive v4 sp2, represents the company\u2019s continued evolution of the \u201cfight formula,\u201d adding that the new streetfighter v4 is largely a panigale v4 stripped of its fairing, with the upgrades of high and wide handlebars, a 392-lb dry weight, a 1,103cc desmosedici stradale making a claimed 208 hp at 13,000 rpm (with revised calibration to match the larger diameter of the silencer outlet), biplane wings, and the latest generation electronic package. besides the bodywork, the influence of the 2023 panigale v4 can be seen in several other aspects of the 2023 streetfighter v4 models. the u.s. pricing for the streetfighter v4 will start at $22,095 for the streetfighter v4 in ducati red color, with the streetfighter v4 s starting at $27,595 in ducati red and $27,795 for the new grey/nero color. the limited-edition 2023 streetfighter v4 sp2 starts at $37,995 in a winter test livery, designed by the centro stile ducati taking inspiration from the ducati corse bikes used during the preseason tests of the motogp and worldsbk championships. read our 2023 ducati streetfighter v4, v4 s, and v4 sp2 first look review. the 2023 energica experia is the italian motorcycle company\u2019s first zero-emissions electric green tourer. energica claims the new motor, which is lighter and in a lower position than previous models, has a peak power as 75 kw (101 hp) at 7,500 rpm with 85 lb-ft of torque. top speed is stated to be 112 mph, and the bike reportedly accelerates from 0 to 60 mph in 3.5 seconds. and as a touring bike, energica claims the experia will get 153 miles of city/highway range combined or 261 miles in urban areas from a battery that will charge from 0-80% in 40 minutes on level 3 chargers. the experia is available for preorder for $25,880 in bormio ice. read our 2023 energica experia first look review. the 2023 harley-davidson breakout marks the return of the model to the u.s. market, powered by a milwaukee-eight 117 v-twin making a claimed 101 hp at 4,750 rpm and 123 lb-ft of torque at 3,500 rpm.\u00a0other features include a 5-gallon fuel tank, a new handlebar riser and stainless steel handlebar that is 0.75 inch taller than the previous model, more chrome, and new 26-spoke cast-aluminum wheels. the 2023 harley-davidson breakout comes in vivid black, black denim, baja orange, or atlas silver metallic starting at $20,999. read more: harley-davidson announces 120th anniversary editions and other 2023 models. marking the company\u2019s 120th anniversary, the 2023 harley-davidson cvo road glide limited anniversary model features what the company says is \u201cone of the most intricate paint schemes ever offered by harley-davidson.\u201d\u00a0panels of heirloom red are applied over a base coat of anniversary black, and the iconic h-d eagle appears both in the panels and the tank badge, along with other custom details. only 1,500 examples of the cvo road glide limited anniversary model will be produced, and the bike will start at $51,999. read more: harley-davidson announces 120th anniversary editions and other 2023 models. the 2023 harley-davidson freewheeler trike still has a milwaukee-eight 114 engine and electric reverse gear, but it gets a blacked-out restyle for 2023 in place of previous bright finishes, new gloss black cast aluminum wheels, and rear 18-inch wheels instead of the previous 15-inchers. other features of the 2023 harley-davidson freewheeler include trike-specific rider safety enhancements, including electronic linked braking, abs, traction control, and drag-torque slip control \u2013 all of which are cornering enhanced. the 2023 harley-davidson freewheeler comes in vivid black, white sand pearl, or bright billiard blue/billiard gray starting at $29,999. read more: harley-davidson announces 120th anniversary editions and other 2023 models. the 2023 harley-davidson nightster special\u00a0features the liquid-cooled revolution max 975t v-twin, four ride modes, traction control, drag-torque slip control, abs, and cruise control. a 4-inch round tft screen displays all instrumentation and infotainment functions managed using buttons on the hand control array. the handlebar and 5-inch handlebar riser move hand controls 2 inches up and 1 inch back, and the 3.1-gallon fuel cell is located below the seat to move the weight of fuel low in the chassis, which lowers the center of gravity. the 2023 harley-davidson nightster special comes in vivid black, black denim, bright billiard blue, or industrial yellow starting at $14,999. read more: harley-davidson announces 120th anniversary editions and other 2023 models. the 2023 harley-davidson road glide 3 trike is a first for the company and features the milwaukee-eight 114, electric reverse gear, and trike-specific rider safety enhancements, including electronic linked braking, abs, traction control, and drag-torque slip control \u2013 all of which are cornering enhanced.\u00a0the frame-mounted fairing has triple splitstream vents, dual daymaker led headlamps, a low-profile windscreen, and the boom! box gts infotainment system with a 6.5-inch color tft touchscreen and two 5.25-inch fairing speakers. the road glide 3 comes in seven color options starting at $32,999. read more: harley-davidson announces 120th anniversary editions and other 2023 models. the all-new 2023 honda rebel 1100t dct features a liquid-cooled 1083cc parallel-twin engine with a dual-clutch transmission. the new \u201ct\u201d trim marks the beginning of the \u201cbagger\u201d rebel, only available with dct. the new \u201ct\u201d trim marks the beginning of the \u201cbagger\u201d rebel, only available with dct. the rebel 1100t dct comes standard with a windscreen and hard-shell saddlebags with a combined 35 liters of space, making it even more practical for longer rides. the 2023 honda rebel 1100t dct will come in metallic black or bordeaux red metallic starting at $11,299. read our 2023 honda rebel 1100t dct and returning models first look review. the 2023 honda crf300ls is a new version of honda\u2019s top-selling crf300l, featuring a lower seat height of 32.7 inches (2 inches lower than the crf300l). the crf300ls is powered by the same liquid-cooled 286cc single-cylinder engine as the crf300l, as well as the same 43mm inverted showa fork and a pro-link single rear shock. however, the lowered seat changes ground clearance to 9.6 inches (11.2 inches on the crf300l), and travel on the ls is 9.3 inches in the front and 9.0 inches in the rear. the crf300ls also comes standard with abs, which is an option on the crf300l. the ls comes in a swift gray colorway starting at $5,699. read our 2023 honda xr150l and crf300ls first look review. the 2023 honda xr150l is an all-new dual-sport bike designed to be approachable for beginner riders. it features an air-cooled 149.2cc single-cylinder engine and has 7.1 inches of travel up front, 5.9 inches in the rear, and 9.6 inches of ground clearance. the bike comes in white or black starting at $2,971. read our 2023 honda xr150l and crf300ls first look review. the 2023 husqvarna norden 901 expedition is powered by the same eight-valve, dohc, 889cc parallel-twin that\u2019s in the norden 901 and ktm\u2019s 890 adventure/r, making a claimed 105 hp and 74 lb-ft of torque. however, the expedition features higher-spec wp xlpor suspension, with 9.4 inches of travel front and rear compared to the norden 901\u2019s 8.7 inches front and 8.5 inches rear, as well as 0.7 inches more ground clearance at 10.6 inches. the expedition also has a 36-liter-capacity set of side bags, a windscreen, and heated grips and seat. the 2023 husqvarna norden 901 expedition is available for $15,799. read our 2023 husqvarna norden 901 expedition first ride review. indian\u2019s elite motorcycle program, limited to 150-200 units for each bike, has announced details on the 2023 indian challenger elite, limited to 150 units. the challenger elite will have the same powerplus 108ci engine with 122 hp and 128 ft-lb of torque that you\u2019ll find in other challengers, but the elite is packed with several top-notch options and extras. indian will be offering the 2023 challenger elite in sapphire blue smoke paint with black smoke and titanium metallic smoke accents for $35,999. read our 2023 indian motorcycle lineup first look review. the 2023 indian chieftain elite bagger returns to the elite program for the 2023 model year and will be limited to 175 units globally. the chieftain elite features indian\u2019s most powerful air-cooled engine, the thunderstroke 116, which delivers a claimed 126 lb-ft of torque, and a new 10-spoke precision machined front wheel. like other chieftain models, the bike comes with rear cylinder deactivation, three ride modes (tour, standard, and sport), and abs as standard. from a style perspective, the 2023 indian chieftain elite has adaptive pathfinder led headlight and rear saddlebag led lights, an adjustable tinted flare windscreen, a 7-inch touchscreen display powered by ride command with apple carplay, gps with navigation, and ride command+, and other bells and whistles. the 2023 indian chieftain elite comes in super graphite smoke complemented by premium shadow bronze chrome finishes and indian motorcycle headdress floorboards.\u00a0pricing starts at $35,499. read our 2023 indian pursuit elite and chieftain elite first look review. the 2023 indian ftr lineup includes the return of the ftr and ftr rally, the premium ftr carbon, and the new ftr sport (replacing the ftr s).  the ftr sport features a new tank-panel design, a sporty chin fairing, and a seat cowl. the ftr sport and ftr carbon will have a new 4-inch round touchscreen display offering navigation and bluetooth connectivity. the ftr r carbon separates itself from the rest of the ftr lineup with carbon fiber components, a premium seat, fully adjustable \u00f6hlins gold front forks, a gold piggyback shock, and other new design choices. the indian ftr lineup starts at $13,499. read our 2023 indian motorcycle lineup first look review. the 2023 indian pursuit elite is the newest bike to join indian\u2019s elite program. with only 150 units available globally, it is a touring bike that indian says is \u201cdesigned for riders who value the journey as much as the destination.\u201d \u00a0the bike is powered by a liquid-cooled 108ci powerplus v-twin making a claimed 122 hp and 128 lb-ft of torque at 3,800 rpm and mated to a 6-speed gearbox and slip/assist clutch. the indian pursuit elite has electronically adjustable rear suspension preload from fox that is managed from the bike\u2019s infotainment system, and braking comes from brembo. the indian pursuit elite has adaptive led headlight combined with pathfinder s led driving lights and saddlebag lights, heated seats for both rider and passenger, and more than 35 gallons of remote-locking storage. the 2023 indian pursuit elite comes in premium super graphite metallic and black metallic paint with shadow bronze chrome accents. color-matched elite badging and premium components complete the bike\u2019s design.\u00a0pricing starts at $39,999. read our 2023 indian pursuit elite and chieftain elite first look review. the 2023 indian sport chief is a bike the company says is its most aggressive iteration of the legendary chief. the sport chief features the air-cooled thunderstroke 116 49-degree v-twin found on the dark horse versions of the chief, chief bobber, and super chief and making a claimed 120 lb-ft of torque. the suspension and brakes of the sport chief get a major upgrade over previous chief iterations, including the same front end as used on the challenger bagger with its 43mm kyb inverted fork and pair of brembo 4-piston calipers biting 320mm rotors. new piggyback fox shocks bump travel by an inch and lean angle by 1 degree over the chief base models. and from a visual standpoint, a new quarter-fairing sets the sport chief apart, combined with a new moto-style bar with a machined triple clamp and 6-inch riser. read our 2023 indian sport chief first ride review. the 2023 kawasaki klr650 s features the same liquid-cooled 652cc single-cylinder engine, digital instrumentation panel, high-tensile double-cradle frame, and led headlight with last year\u2019s updated klr650 (check out our video review of the 2022 kawasaki klr650). the klr650 s adds model configurations for added versatility, including lower front and rear suspension. the bike comes in two colors starting at $6,899. related story: kawasaki announces more new and updated 2023 models. designed to be lightweight and easily maneuverable for both trail and street riding, the 2023 kawasaki klx230 and klx230 s feature a 4-stroke 233cc air-cooled engine with electric start and a compact steel perimeter frame. the short 54.3-inch wheelbase along with the high 10.4-inch ground clearance adds to the maneuverability of the bike. the klx230 s has a lower seat height and shorter wheel travel. the klx230 and klx230s come in battle gray starting at $4,999, and the klx230 s adds lime green. related story: kawasaki announces more new and updated 2023 models. the all-new 2023 kawasaki klx230sm is the newest addition to the kawasaki family and is based on the the same 233cc air-cooled engine and electric start of its klx230 stablemates. the klx230sm features 17-inch front and rear wheels that are wider than the wheels on the klx230, as well as 37mm inverted forks. the klx230sm comes in two different colors starting at $5,299. related story: kawasaki announces more new and updated 2023 models. similar to previous iterations, the 2023 kawasaki ninja 650 features a 649cc parallel-twin engine, a 4.3 -inch tft display, twin led headlights, and smartphone connectivity. however, new to the 2023 model is the inclusion of kawasaki traction control (ktrc) with two separate modes. the 2023 ninja 650 comes in two colors starting at $7,999. related story: kawasaki announces more new and updated 2023 models. the new track-focused 2023 kawasaki ninja zx-4rr krt edition has a new liquid-cooled, dohc 16-valve 399cc inline-four making a claimed peak of 26.5 lb-ft of torque at 11,000 rpm. the bike is equipped with throttle-by-wire and features four ride modes that adjust traction control and power mode. it has a 6-speed transmission with a slip/assist clutch and an up/down quickshifter, and up front is a 4.3-inch color tft display that includes a circuit mode for track riding. the 2023 kawasaki ninja zx-4rr krt edition comes in a lime green/ebony color scheme starting at $9,699 and available this spring. read our 2023 kawasaki ninja zx-4rr krt edition first look review. the naked 2023 kawasaki z650 also features a 649cc parallel-twin, and like previous models, it includes a 4.3-inch trt display, led headlight, a thick passenger seat, and smartphone connectivity. similar to the ninja 650, the main update to the 2023 model of the z650 is the addition of kawasaki traction control (ktrc) with two separate modes. the 2023 z650 comes in two colors for $7,749. related story: kawasaki announces more new and updated 2023 models. still featuring a compact 4-stroke dohc 373cc single with four valves, a balancer shaft, a pasc slip/assist clutch, and electronic fuel injection, the 2023 ktm 390 adventure has been given a new look and increased off-road capability. the bike offers offroad ride mode and offroad abs, as well as throttle-by-wire, motorcycle traction control, and cornering abs. it has brembo bybre brakes, adjustable wp apex suspension, and new spoked wheels with black anodized aluminum rims. the 2023 ktm 390 adventure will be available in march starting at $7,399. read our 2023 ktm 390 adventure first look review. designed for the track only, the 2023 ktm 450 smr has a 449.9cc liquid-cooled, sohc single putting out a claimed 63 hp, and the engine weighs just 59.5 lb, nearly a pound lighter than the previous model. in addition to the features riders already love about the ktm 450 smr (read our review of the 2021 model here), the 2023 model includes a redesigned pankl racing systems 5-speed gearbox and a new quickshift sensor on the shift drum for clutchless upshifts, which can be disabled through the handlebar switch. other updates for the 2023 ktm 450 smr include a revised shock mount, redesigned high-grade aluminum cnc-machined triple clamps offering increased grip surface, altered longitudinal and torsional flex and frame-wall thickness, suspension updates, revised ergonomics, and more. ktm is still only listing the 2022 model pricing of $11,999. read our 2023 ktm 450 smr first look review. for 2023, ktm has updated the aesthetics of its ktm 690 enduro r and ktm 690 smc r. both bikes still feature the liquid-cooled 693cc lc4 single-cylinder engine, a 6-speed gearbox with quickshifter+, throttle-by-wire, a pasc slipper clutch, and dual balancer shafts. the lc4 machines also still benefit from cornering abs, motorcycle traction control (mtc), and two ride modes, and both bikes feature adjustable suspension and brembo brakes. the 2023 ktm 690 enduro r takes its styling cues from the competition-enduro range, and the ktm 690 smc r comes in an all-new blue and orange adornment to the fray. pricing starts at $12,999 for both models. read our 2023 ktm 690 enduro r and 690 smc r first look review. the 2023 ktm 790 duke marks the return of the popular bike to ktm\u2019s north american lineup after a brief hiatus. the 790 duke will be powered by ktm\u2019s lc8c parallel-twin dohc engine with 799cc of displacement and two balancer shafts for smooth power delivery and minimum vibration. the bike features throttle-by-wire, a pasc slip/assist clutch, three ride modes (rain, street, and sport), lean-angle-sensitive motorcycle traction control (mtc), cornering abs with supermoto mode, and other great standard and optional features. pricing starts at $9,199. read our 2023 ktm 790 duke and 1290 super duke gt first look review. the 2023 ktm 890 adventure was announced in november and joins the ktm 890 adventure r announced two months earlier (see below). the bike features a liquid-cooled 889cc lc8 parallel-twin, a 6-speed gearbox, the pasc slip/assist clutch, bosch ems with throttle-by-wire, and dell\u2019orto throttle bodies with an integrated knock sensor for handling varying fuel quality. updates for 2023 include changes to the fairing between the front of the bike and the fuel tank, a reworked suspension front and back, a new abs unit, and other technical and aesthetic changes. pricing starts at $13,949. read our 2023 ktm 890 adventure first ride review. the ktm 890 adventure r was introduced two years ago (read our road test review of the 2021 model here), and the updated 2023 ktm 890 adventure r features upgrades that enhance its off-road capabilities and performance. the 890 adventure r still has a liquid-cooled 889cc transverse parallel-twin but now offers new aesthetics, a retuned suspension package, updated abs, a new demo mode and 5-inch tft display, and more rider aides. pricing starts at $15,199. read our 2023 ktm 890 adventure r first look review. the updated 2023 ktm super adventure r is a bike the company says is oriented for \u201chardcore offroad adventurers who want and need premium kit to level any landscape or terrain.\u201d\u00a0the bike still features a liquid-cooled 1,301cc lc8 v-twin, a 6-speed pankl transmission, a pasc slip/assist clutch, and optional quickshifter+. the ktm super adventure r also still has wp xplor fully adjustable suspension, motorcycle traction control, motorcycle stability control, various ride modes, abs, and more. the bike\u2019s navigation potential has been upgraded for 2023, and it comes in a new sporting white color and graphic scheme starting at $20,299. read our 2023 ktm 1290 super adventure r first look review. similar to the ktm super adventure r, the 2023 ktm super adventure s is powered by a liquid-cooled 1,301cc lc8 v-twin mated to a 6-speed pankl transmission, a pasc slip/assist clutch, and optional quickshifter+. the bike has a 22-lb chromoly stainless-steel frame, vertically stacked leds with low beam, high beam, and cornering lights that illuminate sequentially as lean angle increases, a reengineered windscreen and adjuster, a height-adjustable seat (33.4 or 34.2 inches), and a new lightweight aluminum sidestand. also like the super adventure r, the ktm super adventure s features augmented navigation software, and for 2023, it will come in two new color schemes: the iconic ktm orange-and-black trim or the more neutral hue of ktm\u2019s graded gray aesthetic. pricing starts at $20,299. read our 2023 ktm 1290 super adventure s first look review. the 2023 ktm 1290 super duke gt is the second duke to rejoin ktm\u2019s north american lineup for 2023 after a brief hiatus, along with the 790 duke (see above). the bike has enhanced emissions control, a reworked 1,301cc lc8 v-twin engine, and the same standard features of the 1290 super duke r evo, including new lightweight wheels wrapped in new continental contisportattack 4 tires. the wp apex semi-active suspension on the 1290 super duke gt has been geared for the long-distance tourer, as well as a larger 6.1-gal tank. additionally, the 2023 ktm 1290 super duke gt has a new 7-inch tft display with a newly designed layout, and the bike will debut an all-new navigation system called turn-by-turn plus, which will be available via ktmconnect and further enhance the touring experience. pricing starts at $19,799, and the saddlebags are sold separately as accessories. read our 2023 ktm 790 duke and 1290 super duke gt first look review. in only the second iteration of the model, the competition-only 2023 ktm rc 8c features an evolved 889cc lc8c dohc parallel-twin molded specifically for the circuit, upgraded electronic features, more weight-saving solutions, and several high-end components aimed toward ensuring the bike\u2019s competitiveness. ktm increased maximum power, torque, and the 12,000rpm rev ceiling and dropped the bikes dry weight to 313 lb. additionally, ktm said the refined electronics on the 2023 rc 8c can match any setting of traction control, mapping, and engine braking with a rider\u2019s level of ability (or ambition). only 200 editions of the 2023 ktm rc 8c will be made and will come in ktm\u2019s distinctive orange frame with razor black graphics and a special serial number stamped onto the triple clamp. pricing starts at $39,995. read our 2023 ktm rc 8c first look review. harley-davidson\u00a0and its\u00a0livewire\u00a0brand have introduced the second all-electric model, the 2023 livewire s2 del mar, which is smaller, lighter, and less expensive than the\u00a0livewire one. related story: 2020 harley-davidson livewire | first ride review. the street-tracker is said to produce 80 hp and weigh 431 lbs, yielding a 0-60-mph time of just 3.1 seconds. city range is said to be 110 miles, and highway range will be significantly lower. livewire offered 100 serialized \u201cdel mar launch edition\u201d models (shown above) with an exclusive paint scheme and a unique wheel design for $17,699, but all were sold out in the first 18 minutes. those who missed the opportunity can get their name on a waiting list for when regular production models ($15,000) are available in the spring of 2023. related story: livewire goes public, now taking s2 del mar reservations. the moto guzzi v7 stone was updated for 2021 with a larger air-cooled 853cc longitudinal 90-degree v-twin making a claimed 65 hp at 6,800 rpm and 54\u00a0lb-ft of torque at 5,000 rpm, among other updates. the 2023 moto guzzi v7 stone special edition features a new arrow exhaust system, which the company says has led to gains in performance, bumping up to 65.7 hp at 6,700 rpm and 55.3 lb-ft of torque at 4,900 rpm. from a visual standpoint, moto guzzi has swapped out the matte shades typical of the stone version for a special shining black color scheme, enhanced on the tank with graphics and red details that recall the style traits of the eagle brand\u2019s sportiest models. pricing and availability have not been announced. related story: new and updated 2023 aprilia, moto guzzi, piaggio, and vespa models. piaggio has upgraded the electric motor that powers the 2023 piaggio 1 range to deliver better performance. the moped version (piaggio 1) has a claimed 3.1 hp from its motor built into the rear wheel and has a top speed limited to 27 mph. the motorbike version (piaggio 1 active) reaches 4 hp. top speed was not announced. piaggio says acceleration has increased 14% on piaggio 1 and almost 12% on piaggio 1 active. pricing has not yet been announced. related story: new and updated 2023 aprilia, moto guzzi, piaggio, and vespa models. the 2023 royal enfield scram 411 brings scrambler styling to the himalayan adventure bike platform, which was updated for 2022. it\u2019s powered by an air-cooled 411cc single-cylinder engine carried in a harris performance chassis. royal enfield says the scram 411\u2019s versatile geometry and comfortable ergonomics give the lightweight bike a unique combination of on-road agility and capability on trails. it\u2019s available in nine different color/style configurations, and msrp is $5,099. read our 2023 royal enfield scram 411 first ride review. the 2023 royal enfield super meteor 650 touring motorcycle was unveiled at eicma in milan, italy, in november and features an all-new chassis with a low center of gravity, several color options, and two optional accessory packages: the solo tourer genuine motorcycle and the grand tourer. the super meteor 650 has the same 648cc air-cooled parallel-twin found in royal enfield\u2019s continental gt and the int650, all producing a claimed 38 lb-ft of torque and 47 hp. the seven color choices depend on the accessory package. pricing has not yet been announced. read our 2023 royal enfield super meteor 650 first ride review. powered by suzuki\u2019s all-new 776cc dohc parallel-twin engine with a 270-degree firing order for strong torque production, the 2023 suzuki gxs-8s features the ride-by-wire electronic throttle control system, suzuki clutch assist system (scas), and the bi-directional quick shift system. the 2023 suzuki gsx-8s also comes with suzuki intelligent ride system (s.i.r.s.) with a three-mode suzuki drive mode selector, the four-mode advanced traction control system, abs, and suzuki\u2019s easy start and low rpm assist systems. suspension is provided by a kyb inverted fork and dedicated link-type mono-shock kyb suspension in the rear, and stopping power comes from nissin radial-mount 4-piston front brake calipers mated with 310mm outer diameter floating-mount dual discs. the rear brake has a 240mm outer diameter disc and uses a single-piston pin-slide caliper. buyers can select from suzuki\u2019s pearl cosmic blue, pearl tech white, or metallic matte black no. 2 / glass sparkle black paint scheme. the 2023 suzuki gsx-8s is expected to hit dealers in june with an msrp of $8,849. read our 2023 suzuki gxs-8s first look review. powered by suzuki\u2019s all-new 776cc dohc parallel-twin engine, the 2023 suzuki v-strom 800de (and the v-strom 800de adventure) is aimed at riders who want a middleweight adventure bike that is fully capable both on-road and off-road. it has a 21-inch front wheel, spoked rims front and rear, and the longest suspension travel and most ground clearance of any v-strom model. the v-strom 800de is equipped with the suzuki intelligent ride system (s.i.r.s.) that includes traction control with a trail-oriented gravel mode, abs with two levels of sensitivity plus the ability to switch off abs at the rear wheel, a bi-directional quickshifter, and suzuki\u2019s easy start and low rpm assist systems. the 2023 suzuki v-strom 800de will be available in two colorways: champion yellow no. 2 with gold rims or glass matte mechanical gray with black rims. the 2023 suzuki v-strom 800de adventure, which features black-anodized 37-liter side cases, side protection bars, and a large aluminum skid plate, will be available in glass sparkle black with gold rims. a full line of dedicated accessories will also be available. the 2023 suzuki v-strom 800de and v-strom 800de adventure are expected to hit dealers in may. the 800de will start at $11,349, and the 800de adventure will start at $12,999. read our 2023 suzuki v-strom 800de first ride review. the 2023 suzuki v-strom 1050 has a liquid-cooled, 1,037cc 90-degree v-twin. when we\u00a0tested the 2020 suzuki v-strom 1050xt, it made 96 hp at 8,500 rpm and 66 lb-ft of torque at 6,300 rpm on jett tuning\u2019s rear-wheel dyno. the 2023 v-strom 1050 has a 6-speed gearbox with higher 1st and 6th ratios, an updated throttle-by-wire system, a new abs control unit, a new can (controller area network) wiring system, and a new 32-bit ecm (engine control module). the new v-strom 1050 also includes many features previously only available on the xt models, including a 6-axis inertial measurement unit (imu) and the suzuki intelligent ride system (sirs) electronics suite \u2013 which includes ride modes, cornering abs, multimode traction control, cruise control, and braking systems that compensate for hill starts, slope, and load \u2013 as well as an up/down quickshifter, a new 5-inch tft display, a new windscreen, and more. pricing has yet to be announced. read our 2023 suzuki v-strom 1050 and v-strom 1050de first look review. the 2023 suzuki v-strom 1050de and 1050de adventure share the same engine as the 2023 suzuki v-strom, as well as the new and updated features of the v-strom (see above) and will replace the previous v-strom 1050xt and v-strom 1050xt adventure models. however, the de models are more geared toward off-road adventures, featuring a 21-inch front wheel with a tube-type rim for maximum durability, a 17-inch tubeless rear wheel, and dunlop trailmax mixtour adventure tires. they also add a new gravity (g) traction control option in the suzuki intelligent ride system, the ability to switch off abs at the rear wheel, their own dedicated chassis geometry and suspension system, a longer swingarm, and other adventure motorcycle-specific offerings. the de adventure adds a set of 37-liter aluminum panniers with an anodized silver finish that attach to powdercoated, stainless-steel carriers. pricing has yet to be announced. read our 2023 suzuki v-strom 1050 and v-strom 1050de first look review. this is another one that is slightly jumping the gun, but when triumph said the new street triple 765 range would be in dealerships in the spring of 2023, we wanted to give you something to be excited for. the triple street triple 765 range includes the street triple 765 r, street triple 765 rs, and limited-run moto2 edition, which triumph says is \u201cthe closest you can get to a moto2 race bike for the road.\u201d. all three models will still feature a liquid-cooled 765cc inline-triple, which was bumped up from 675cc with the 2017 street triple lineup, but triumph says engine upgrades derived directly from the moto2 race engine program have resulted in a significant step up in performance on the range. the engine on the street triple r now makes a claimed 118 hp and 59 lb-ft of torque at 9,500 rpm. the street triple rs and moto2 take it up another notch, making 128 hp. other updates include new technology, high specification components, an updated chassis, and more. the street triple 765 r will start at $9,995 and be available in two colorways: silver ice with storm grey and yellow graphics or crystal white with storm grey and lithium flame graphics.\u00a0the street triple 765 rs will start at $12,595 and have three schemes: silver ice with baja orange and storm grey graphics, carnival red with carbon black and aluminum silver graphics, or cosmic yellow with carbon black and aluminum silver graphics. finally, the moto2 edition will start at $15,395 and comes in two race-derived liveries: triumph racing yellow with an aluminum silver rear sub-frame or crystal white with triumph racing yellow rear subframe. the official moto2 branding will appear on the tank, wheel, tail unit, and silencer. read our 2024 triumph street triple 765 r/rs first ride review. the folks in hinckley have been busy. they\u2019ve shaved 55 pounds off the new 2023 triumph tiger 1200, given it a 147-hp triple, and equipped it with an all-new chassis and electronics.\u2060 five variants are available: the street-focused gt ($19,100), gt pro ($21,400), and gt explorer ($23,100) and the off-road-ready rally pro ($22,500) and rally explorer ($24,200).\u2060. read our 2023 triumph tiger 1200 first ride review. read our 2023 triumph tiger 1200 gt pro road test review. after four years without a new vespa model, the piaggio group announced in october 2022 the release of the 2023 vespa gts range, which includes the gts, gts sport, gts supersport, and gts supertech. the scooters feature a 4-stroke, liquid-cooled 300cc high performance engine (hpe) offering a claimed 23.8 hp at 8,250 rpm and the same steel body, but the gts range features new suspension, a new seat, and some other updated features. the vespa gts scooters come in 14 different color schemes starting at $7,799. read our 2023 vespa gts scooters first look review. the 2023 yamaha mt-07 will hit the market with key tech upgrades that enhance the overall package while remaining true to the hypernaked bike\u2019s basic concept. the bike still features a liquid-cooled 689cc dohc parallel-twin that made 68 hp and 46.5\u00a0lb-ft of torque at the rear wheel when we dyno tested the 2021 model. one of the most significant additions for the 2023 yamaha mt-07 is the installation of a new 5-inch full-color tft display that provides a choice of two different screen modes: street or touring. the 2023 mt-07 also now features yamaha motorcycle connect smartphone connectivity, which works in conjunction with the free y-connect app to enable a direct connection between motorcycle and smartphone, enabling a wide range of new capabilities, including phone and music control, as well as a newly available garmin turn-by-turn navigation system. the 2023 yamaha mt-07 will be offered in three color options: cyan storm, team yamaha blue and matte raven black. it will be available from dealers beginning april 2023 for an msrp of $8,199. related story: yamaha announces 2023 updated and returning models. the 2023 yamaha xmax has received its first major update since the sport scooter\u2019s introduction in 2018. it still features a liquid-cooled 292cc blue core single-cylinder engine, a telescoping front fork, a 15-inch front wheel, a 14-inch rear wheel, traction control, and disc brakes front and rear. claimed fuel economy on the 2018 xmax was 75 mpg. virtually every part of the xmax\u2019s exterior has been redesigned for 2023, including the addition of a new 4.2-inch color tft infotainment display\u00a0located below the 3.2-inch lcd speedometer, as well as a new handlebar-mounted switchgear to enable connectivity control. also new this year, yamaha is introducing y-connect smartphone connectivity allowing riders to connect their smartphone directly to their scooter, enabling a wide range of new capabilities, including phone and music control, as well as a newly available garmin turn-by-turn navigation system. the 2023 yamaha xmax will be offered in granite gray and will be available from dealers beginning january 2023 for an msrp of $6,099. related story: yamaha announces 2023 updated and returning models. rider, the previous two years has rendered the idea of \u201cavailable\u201d as moot. along with posting information about new motorcycles, it would be informative to publish more useful information about actual production and distribution. which bikes are actually reaching showrooms and are actually being sold? to be told a bike is being produced, at least for me, is not much more than taunting. true,\neasy enough to follow publications/releases\nhow about more news on the supply chain. just perusing through this list has only reinforced , in my mind, the fact that i am no longer a targeted customer. the guzzi and some of the royal enfield models are the only ones that would interest me, at all. i agree 100%- not sure what has happened to reasonably priced and well designed bikes. as a rider that has ridden motorcycles since i was a kid in the mid 70\u2019s, logging more than half a million miles in all over the past fifty years, it seems as a buyer i am discounted. having owned, built, toured on, and raced more than thirty motorcycles during that time, i am surprised when i see specs on new motorcycles that list very high horsepower numbers, and ultra high price tags, with few actual changes to the overall design. still today, the basic motorcycle design is not really that different; two tires, seat, motor, and basic running gear, are all still there. with the exception of adding exotic materials, and crazy amounts of additional horsepower, much of which is wasted, the basic design remains. horsepower numbers on sport bikes above 100 horsepower is largely wasted. i have successfully campaigned 250cc ninjas in wera formula iii superbike, with only 48 rwhp and a bike/rider weight of 400 lbs. granted, the top speed would be greatly improved with 100 rwhp, but then again, except for the very few special built racing models, these are all street motorcycles. give me a reasonable bike weight, durable materials and finishes, enough torque to move the bike and my @$$ from 0 to 60, 30 to 70, and from 40 to 100 mph in respectable times, along with enough rwhp to carry 150+ mph. more importantly, give me a bike that supports two ridding positions; one for carving up corners, and another for cruising down the highway. what i don\u2019t need: carbon fiber and titanium everywhere. good quality plastic and aluminum are good enough, as long as they are just that, good quality. for me, they need to save the exotic stuff for the exotic bike models. i have to agree with bob hadden above.   only a few of the new models spark any interest for me, the royal enfields (if only they would put those tubeless wheels on the int and continental gt 650 !) and the smaller guzzis.   i\u2019m primarily a touring rider these days, with only some off-road on occasion. the  trend is toward enormous horsepower that cannot be used on the street (\u201ccarrying around a fire hose to fill a water glass\u201d) and complicated electronics that drastically increase the problem potential when out on the road.  but i realize, like mr. hadden, that it\u2019s me that is out of step now.  keep doing the touring stories, tell us about practical gear that is available.  i\u2019ll still read the magazine, but i don\u2019t think i\u2019m in the market for another bike to add to the stable (unless re brings those tubeless wheels !). i\u2019m in the same boat as john rice and bob hadden above, i\u2019ve go a rt 1200 and a 2017 ultra limited.  i really like them both.  what i\u2019d really like is an updated version of my old \u201998 triumph adventurer, same seating position, with a decent windshield, cruise control, tubeless tires better front suspension and a 6 speed. the modern triple would do just fine as an engine. great bike, i put 70k miles on it and it lacked only the above. kind of forgot to list the new honda cl500 scrambler. i would avoid that 2023 zx4rr, throttle by wife doesn\u2019t sound like a good idea at all! sure seems to me the can am\u2019s trikes are really becoming a big market even without your great reporting but i would like to see more about them. i hate to ask, but what is \u201cthrottle by wife?\u201d. oof. if you get throttled by your wife, then you\u2019re definitely in the doghouse. that should be \u201cthrottle-by-wire.\u201d thanks for the heads up! piaggio 1, vespa 300 but nothing about the piaggio bv400 hpe tourer!??? \u2026..lot of riders in my corner, \u2026man, do i miss the \u201870\u2019s and the great bikes built back then \u2026 enough for what you needed \u2026. and everything you wanted in styling and design \u2026 to make great memories! just one more \u201cold fossil \u201cgoing down memory lane! save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time i comment. the future is bright and it has two wheels! at first glance, 2023 might not look as if it's going to be a vintage year for brand-new models from the world\u2019s motorcycle manufacturers. many existing models are halfway through their life span, and as such, aren\u2019t due for replacement for another couple of years, at least. but, that doesn\u2019t mean that there isn\u2019t plenty to look forward to and the recent eicma motorcycle show in milan, italy, gave us a taste of what we can anticipate in 2023. honda made a big splash with the 1100cc africa twin but, up to now, there was a big gap between that and the cb500x, which, in reality, is more road-biased with a modicum of off-road ability. for 2023, honda is resurrecting a famous name from the past, the transalp, to plug that gap. the original transalp was produced from 1987 through to the late 2000s and was powered by a v-twin, liquid-cooled engine of between 583 and 755cc. the new transalp will be powered by a 755cc parallel twin, developing 91 horsepower and 55 pound-feet of torque, and honda has worked hard to strike the right balance between urban agility, long-distance, on-road touring comfort, and off-road ability. a 21-inch front wheel declares its off-road pretensions and the new transalp will play in an increasingly congested market, with models from suzuki, yamaha, aprilia, bmw, ktm, and triumph. as is normal, the electronics package is comprehensive, with ride-by-wire throttle, preset power modes, adjustable traction control, abs, and engine braking. a showa suspension (non-adjustable) is fitted and there\u2019s 8.3 inches of ground clearance. the seat height is 33.5 inches. parallel twin engines are all the rage at the moment, and suzuki has seen fit to jump on the bandwagon with such an engine, replacing not only the venerable v-twin that has seen service in the sv650 and v-strom 650 but also the 750cc inline-four that was used on the gsx-s750 naked roadster. the sv650 will continue for a while yet but expect it to be phased out. we\u2019ll get to the new v-strom 800 in a moment but just as noteworthy is the new gsx-8s, a middleweight naked roadster companion to the gsx-s1000s. the 776cc parallel-twin engine is brand new and features 270\u00b0 firing order to give it the characteristics of a v-twin, but in a more compact package that will also be cheaper to manufacture and maintain. the steel trellis frame and swing arm are also completely new. it promises to be an affordable entry into the middleweight sporting naked bike class, with non-adjustable kyb suspension, nissin brakes and non-imu abs and traction control. suzuki has an enviable reputation for solid engineering and there is no reason to doubt that the gsx-8s will be any different. related: 10 greatest norton motorcycles ever built. long acknowledged as one of the best chassis in motorcycling today, triumph\u2019s junior naked sports bike just keeps getting better and better. 118 (\u2018r\u2019) or 128 (\u2018rs\u2019 and moto2) horsepower, 59 pound-feet of torque, and a screaming 12,000rpm redline, with a broad spread of power from the inline triple-cylinder engine. shortened gear ratios give stunning acceleration and the bi-directional quick-shifter allows you to wring every last ounce of performance out of it. matches the speed triple 1200rs in the electronics department and the chassis and suspension geometry gives super-sharp handling. three versions are available: \u2018r\u2019, \u2018rs\u2019, and range-topping moto2 edition, which boasts top-shelf \u00f6hlins suspension and a much racier riding position thanks to the clip-on handlebars. styling getting more angular every year but it\u2019s still good-looking. not a new model but updated sufficiently to warrant inclusion here. the original scrambler appeared in the 1960s and the concept was re-imagined for 2015, with a v-twin engine in place of the original\u2019s single-cylinder unit. it quickly became ducati\u2019s best-selling model, propelling the company into the top ten in the european sales charts for the first time. outwardly, the 2023 scrambler looks the same but a lot has changed. there\u2019s a new and nine-pound-lighter trellis frame, swing arm, and subframe. the engine is still the desmodue, 73-horsepower, air-cooled v-twin. ride-by-wire throttle allows traction control and both tc and abs are lean-sensitive. three models are available: icon, full throttle, and nightshift, which are essentially just cosmetic differences. related: 10 fun facts about harley-davidson. suzuki has always had a much lower profile for its adventure bikes than the likes of ktm and bmw which is a pity as, in terms of real-world ability, the suzuki v-strom, in either 650cc or 1000cc guise, has always been a decent adventure bike, if lacking in the extreme electronic sophistication of its rivals. for 2023, suzuki is sadly moving away from the brilliant little 650c v-twin engine as found in the v-strom 650 and sv650. in its place is coming the new 776cc parallel twin as described above for the suzuki gsx-8s. the v-strom 800de is a new bike from the ground up, with a steel backbone frame and detachable subframe, which is essential to curb crash damage costs. with the new model, suzuki is taking direct aim at the yamaha t\u00e9n\u00e9r\u00e9 700, which is a tall order but, on paper at least, it looks as if suzuki has it covered. fully adjustable showa suspension has 8.7 inches of travel, giving the same amount of ground clearance. weight is 507 pounds with all fluids and a full tank of gas. wheel sizes are 21-inch front and 17-inch rear, abs and traction control are multi-faceted and can both be turned off (rear only for the abs). a quick shifter and suzuki\u2019s anti-stall mechanism round off the electronics, all of which are controlled via a full-color tft dash. okay, not new models per se but still worthy of inclusion in this list. there was a time when chrome was an important element of gas tank design, especially for british motorcycle manufacturers. beautifully pinstriped in gold, silver, blue or black, the chrome brought a welcome touch of glitter to drab pre-war color schemes. with improvements in paint technology, chrome disappeared from gas tanks from the 1970s onwards. still, triumph has decided to invoke the glory days of the british motorcycle industry with a range of chrome tanks fitted to its modern classic range of bonnevilles and derivatives and also the rocket 3. to say they look spectacular would be an understatement. available for one year only. related: 10 best suzuki motorcycles ever built. bmw\u2019s flagship superbike, the m1000rr, gets a raft of updates for 2023, as if you could make the bike any more insane than it already is! bodywork has new aerodynamic winglets producing even more downforce, even when leaned over in a corner, without an increase in drag. aerodynamics now extend to the front wheel and fender, directing cooling air onto the brake calipers. dripping in carbon fiber, this is as thinly disguised a race bike as you could possibly want. bmw\u2019s sights are firmly set on world superbike racing success, which was the reason for the original s1000rr\u2019s existence in the first place. 205 horsepower, 189mph, and up to $40,000 if you tick all the option boxes. extreme, but brilliant. also available is the naked m1000r, which is exactly the same as the rr in terms of specification. honda is re-establishing itself as a manufacturer of practical, beautifully built but perhaps slightly staid motorcycles. in its own words, \u201chonda\u2019s design philosophy is to create something pure and functional in an uncomplicated way\u2014models which are both beautifully simple and emotionally appealing.\u201d the parallel-twin engine is the new buzzword in motorcycling and honda is no different from any other manufacturer. the new hornet revives a much-loved name from honda\u2019s past, this time with a 91 horsepower, 55 pound-feet parallel twin engine, with a 270\u00b0 crankshaft to give the feel of a v-twin. the top speed is a claimed 127mph. small, light, and compact with a reasonable seat height, the hornet cb750 will be a perfect stepping stone from beginner to experienced. extensive but sensible electronics package with the now-ubiquitous tft dash. the hornet joins a long list of middleweight naked sporty bikes from japanese manufacturers so will have its work cut out to make an impact. related: 10 best modern classic motorcycles under 1000cc. royal enfield is really stepping up its bid for worldwide sales success with its range of parallel twin-engined meteor models, first seen in 2018. for 2023, the company has added the super meteor \u2018cruiser\u2019 and touring models, undoubtedly aimed squarely at the american market. 47 horsepower and 39 pound-feet of torque and a curb weight of 531 pounds will make for leisurely performance, but the engine has proven itself to be smooth and reliable, while the chassis, designed by specialists harris in the uk, means it will have excellent road manners should you want to push on a bit away from the highways. no u.s. prices have been announced but expect it to be among the cheapest cruisers on the market without sacrificing quality. something super-exotic to finish off with. after the recent financial problems, norton seems to be on a more secure path after indian concern tvs took control. the v4sv started life under the old regime but will finally appear for good in 2023. it won\u2019t be cheap - at gbp 44,000 it is \u00a310,000 more expensive than the ducati panigale v4 sp2, but what price exclusivity? the norton-built v4 engine pushes out 185 horsepower and 92 pound-feet of torque. it is housed in an aluminum-tube perimeter frame and chock-full of high-end components from the likes of \u00f6hlins, brembo, and bst carbon or oz forged wheels. fast, utterly beautiful, exclusive, and the start of something great for the revitalized norton brand. long may it continue. harry has been writing and talking about motorcycles for 15 years, although he's been riding them for 45 years! after a long career in music, he turned his hand to writing and television work, concentrating on his passion for all things petrol-powered. harry has written for all major publications in south africa, both print and digital and produced and presented his own tv show called, imaginatively, the bike show, for seven years. he held the position of editor of south africa's largest circulation motorcycling magazine before devoting his time to freelance writing on motoring and motorcycling. born and raised in england, he has lived in south africa with his family since 2002. harry has owned examples of triumph, norton, bsa, mv agusta, honda, bmw, ducati, harley davidson, kawasaki and moto morini motorcycles. he regrets selling all of them. please enable js and disable any ad blocker. motos and friends is brought to you by the new schuberth e2 helmet. the schuberth e2 is endless adventure! this week on motos & friends we have something slightly different. among the questions we get from you, our listeners, is whether rider schools are worth the money and effort, and do we have one we can recommend? well, the answer to both is a resounding \u201cyes\u201d. so, in response to popular demand, we decided this week to chat with associate editor teejay adams about her recent experience at the yamaha champions riding school. we tried hard not to sound too fan-boy on this one, but truth is, no matter who you are you or how long you\u2019ve been riding, you could benefit from some training, and frankly, the best one out there and the one we\u2019re prepared to endorse, is the ycrs. we\u2019re even prepared to incentivize a few of you. please check the notes at the foot of this page and see how we could add an extra cashback reward if you\u2019re booking a class, and this is in addition to the 10% discount you will get if you use our sign up code. so please\u2014check out the details below, and go have some serious fun while you\u2019re also improving your skills. you will be a safer, more complete rider if you do. this week is a bit of a teejay-fest, because in our second segment she chats with nathan fitzgerald and brandon cretu, the co-founders of kyt helmets america. brandon is also the exclusive importer of ohvale in the united states, and he was instrumental in developing the motoamerica mini cup and is passionate about trying to help young people get into racing. brandon\u2019s personal racing r\u00e9sum\u00e9 includes multiple appearances at the isle of man tt, the macau gp, the northwest 200, ulster gp, as well as endurance racing at the 24 hours of le mans and the legendary suzuka 8 hours. presumably he knows what it takes to fire up a racing career. as you might imagine, both nathan and brandon are hard-core racing fans and were happy to chat with teejay about the ups and downs of american and global racing, and where they see it going. she did her best to keep them under control. hold on to your (kyt) helmets! web:\u00a0\nwww.kytamericas.com\nwww.thailandmototours.com\nwww.risemoto.com\n\u00a0\ninstagram:\n\u00a0@kytamericas.com\n@thailandmototours\n@ohvale_usa\n@bcretu\n@nrf_rr. ultimate motorcycling/ycrs discount+ reward program. 1. for the um 10% discount on all ycrs programs use code ultimatemc10\n2. the first 20 students only who book the champ u new rider online course will receive a $20 cashback reward. email producer@ultimatemotorcycling.com with your booking confirmation code and your preferred method for us to send you your reward.\n3. the first 3 students only who book the 2-day champ school course will receive a $200 cashback reward. email producer@ultimatemotorcycling.com with your booking confirmation code and your preferred method for us to send you your reward. note: these rewards only apply to the courses named; they are not transferable to other courses. offers only available to residents of the united states. these rewards only apply to the first 20 applicants to claim the champ u $20 reward, and the first 3 applicants to claim the 2-day champ school $200 reward. once these rewards are claimed there will be no more. please claim by email to producer@ultimatemotorcycling.com and include your booking code as proof of purchase. don\u2019t forget to include how we can send you your reward if still available. we love your feedback! please send us your comments and suggestions at producer@ultimatemotorcycling.com \u00a0\u00a0and if you like motos & friends, hit the subscribe button! there\u2019s never been a better time to be a motorcyclist in the u.s., where enthusiasts are often left looking abroad, staring longingly at the many cool vehicles not available in america. there\u2019s still some of that going on (honda!) in the world of two-wheelers, but beginner bikes have become so popular that companies are willing to bring their best small displacement or entry-level models stateside. even in the land of the big cubic inch bikes from harley-davidson and indian, there are more small bikes available now than ever before. that\u2019s great for new and prospective riders who no longer have just a handful of options. in fact, there are almost too many options, as we will see. there are so many good entry-level bikes now, that we\u2019ll only focus on cruisers, nakeds, sport bikes and quote-on-quote adv tourers. basically, the meat of the small-displacement market; we\u2019ll have to save the potatoes for another day. of course, that\u2019s not to say supermotos, minimotos and actual dual-sport bikes are any less tasty. they\u2019re all welcome at the table by virtue of being two-wheelers! the honda rebel badge has been around since the \u201980s, and honda did little to update the cmx250 for what seemed like an eternity. but the rebel line got a huge upgrade in 2016 when honda announced it was bumping the bike\u2019s displacement to 300cc and 500cc engines, ushering in a new design that was more modern and aggressive. even though the spiritual successor to the cmx250 was the new rebel 300, there was a short-lived honda cmx450, which was revived by the new bike\u2019s sibling, the rebel 500. the two have similar styling, but the rebel 500 has a parallel twin engine while the 300 has a single-cylinder engine. the latter is more characterful than the former, but the 500 makes for a smoother ride. as with the honda rebel, the honda cbr300r came from the former cbr250r, which was one of honda\u2019s most memorable designs to date \u2014 a tiny clone of the honda vfr1200f. the sporty cbr300r bumped up to a 286cc engine, which made the bike a slightly better fit for fast-paced american highways. but the styling lost a little something in the process. unlike the previous bike, the honda cb300r is definitely one of honda\u2019s most memorable designs. the cb300r is one of the rare bikes that a maker blesses with the best looks, despite it being an \u201centry-level\u201d 286cc model. the cb300r doesn\u2019t envy its bigger brothers in the \u201cneo sports caf\u00e9\u201d line. until honda brings back the hornet, or the 599, the little cb3 is my pick in honda\u2019s stable. likewise, the cbr500r is more bark than bite. even though the r before the 500 would denote that this is a sports bike, the seating position is more upright than you would imagine. the bike\u2019s 471cc parallel twin engine is tucked into the fairings, but this sharp and angular sports bike makes a pretty great commuter. the honda cb500f is what you call a \u201cstreetfighter,\u201d which is in between a fully-faired sport bike and  naked bike. they\u2019re meant to appear more aggressive than standard bikes, but, really, none of the honda 500s are mean-spirited on the road. they\u2019re all tuned to deliver power in predictable ways from their shared 471cc parallel-twin engines. the honda streetfigher just puts the rider in a more upright position than the cbr above, and it looks angrier than other hondas \u2014 though not angry as a yamaha we\u2019ll get to below. the last of the honda 500s to use the same 471cc engine, the cb500x was actually one of the first major leaps for honda, which ushered in a new design language. i still remember the radical construction of the early cb500x, built more like a scooter than a track bike. the bike is nominally an adventure tourer, but it\u2019s more a jack-of-all trades that you would be fine riding over most roads, but not many technical trails. the kawasaki ninja 400 looks sleek and comes with an excitable 399cc twin-cylinder engine that deviates from honda\u2019s approach. even the honda cbrs don\u2019t quite deliver the same excitement of the smallest ninja. the mean green machine from kawasaki is not at all intimidating, but it goads you on to higher rpms and it handles incredibly well, which inspires confidence for new riders. true to the streetfigher name, the kawasaki z400 just looks madder than the ninja 400. it\u2019s not as squinty or puckered up at the nose like a yamaha later down this list, but it\u2019s close. the z400 has a more upright seating position than the ninja, which is good in some cases and more rider-dependent in others. i like a tuck, myself but that can strain your back after a while. on a scale of comfort, the versys-x 300 outdoes both the ninja 400 and the z400. your wrists will thank you, and so will your back! the versys-x might not have the attitude of the other beginner bikes from \u2019kawi, but what it loses in displacement (with a 296cc engine), it makes up for in comfort and practicality. don\u2019t let the size fool you; the little versys feels smaller than it looks once you settle into the saddle. this is a great starting place for budding adv tourers. i have a soft spot for suzuki, being a former tu250x rider. so, the gsx250r is one of my favorites here, especially with that two-tone and abs on the modern bike. my old tu250 saw me through most of graduate school, and i\u2019ll never forget what my linguistics professor (an expat from japan) said to me as i was donning my gear in the parking lot. \u201cooh,\u201d he exclaimed, \u201cthe big boy!\u201d he was pointing at the engine \u2014 i think \u2014 not at me, though i was well-fed. the thing is a 248cc is not a \u201cbeginner bike\u201d outside of the u.s.; it\u2019s simply just a bike. that tu250x was missing a lot of modern touches, and some fairing would have made short highway jaunts easier. that\u2019s why i love the gsx250r. i was never a yamaha fan. couldn\u2019t get behind the tuning forks on the badge \u2014 that is until i rode a yamaha yzf-r3 which splits the difference between the tame 300 class bikes from honda and the rowdy 400s from kawasaki. the r3 comes with a 321cc engine and weighs in at 375 pounds. it handles just telepathically as the nimble kawasaki, if not more. you\u2019ll feel like valentino rossi on the r-3, even if you\u2019re just going for cheap sushi at h-e-b. the yamaha mt-03 \u201chyper naked\u201d has the same 321cc engine as the r3, but as i mentioned before, it just very angry. it weighs within two pounds of the r3, and yet it adopts a whole different attitude. if it weren\u2019t for the teal-colored wheels on the latest model, i\u2019d say it came with too much attitude... at the parking lot. once it\u2019s moving, it\u2019s nothing a new rider can\u2019t handle. or if the mt-03 does seem like too much, too fast, then the yamaha v star 250 is always there. literally. the v star looks like the oldest bike here, and a throwback to the days of the old honda rebel. but before we roll this dinosaur back to the mesozoic, let\u2019s look at the specs: 249cc v-twin engine, a 27-inch saddle and only 324 pounds wet. that\u2019s about as welcoming as bikes come! that\u2019s why msf courses still love to teach new riders on the faithful v star 250. once riders are done learning on the old yamaha, however, some will graduate to any of the ktms to follow. ktm cut its teeth on dirtbikes, and to this day the austrian bike maker remains one of the brands that best sticks to its roots. that doesn\u2019t always make for the most comfortable adventure-tourers, but the ktm 390 adventure is not quite at the level of its bigger brothers. that\u2019s a good thing if riders just want adv looks, and mild performance on the trail. the ktm 390 adv is one of the more capable bikes here, but that\u2019s not saying much. the 390 duke is possibly the only streetfighter that makes me double-take every time i see one. the trellis frame, searing orange accents, and light like a snout are radical. and the looks match its capabilities, as far as beginner bikes go. the duke\u2019s engine is a 373cc single-cylinder \u201cthumper,\u201d and ktm\u2019s penchant for performance is not dulled in the 390 duke. new rider beware. the first ktm rc 390 was a watershed moment for \u201cbeginner bikes.\u201d it was plagued by performance issues, but when it worked, it worked. the bike gained the respect of the best riders on track, and its styling was incredible. i miss the twin-orb headlight greatly, but designs change. at the very least, ktm also made the bike more reliable as time went on, and has now ironed out many of the old kinks in the rc\u2019s drivertrain. the latest rc 390 has the same 373cc single-cylinder as the duke, but it handles more sharply than the streetfighter. royal enfield is a mystery to me. i get the charm of an old-looking bike, but not so much the charm of a bike that handles like it\u2019s getting a little too old. that was my impression of r-e\u2019s bigger bikes like the continental gt 650, but if newer models like the scram 411 (for 411cc) have managed to feel less stiff, then i\u2019m all in on the nostalgia. the scram also strikes me as a good bike to take flat-tracking with proper tires. scramblers are kind of trite and stale, but the scram 411 looks fresh to me. i\u2019d take this version of the himalayan over the original. the royal-enfield meteor 350 is another of the company\u2019s latest, and it\u2019s somewhere between a cruiser and a standard. it seems immensely practical and even comfortable enough to spend hours in the saddle. there aren\u2019t many retro naked bikes i\u2019d have the heart to ruin by adding a windscreen, but the meteor 350 looks awesome with one. a little wind protection and that friendly 349cc single-cylinder are likely all you need to spend a full day on two-wheels. before bmw enlisted the help of tvs in india, the bavarian bike maker was conspicuously absent from the beginner bike market. the bmw 310s changed all that, but for those who are vertically challenged like me, or those who are just starting out, the g 310 gs can be a bit much. the g 310 r on, the other hand, feels like a great compromise between a small bike and a bigger, more capable motorcycle. bmw did a good job dialing in the 313cc engine so it feels approachable and gradually builds speed, but is still plenty fast. it\u2019s a good fit even on texas highways, where everyone speeds and follows way too closely. if a legendary gs is what you\u2019ve always wanted and you\u2019re a new rider, look elsewhere. the bmw g 310 gs has little in common with any other gs in the motorrad stable, but that doesn\u2019t mean it\u2019s not a good bike. it just means that the \u201cgs\u201d badge gives the wrong impression of the g 310 gs. as a taller bike, the gs has greater suspension travel than the g 310 r but is better suited to roads that have been badly maintained than actual trails. like the \u201cadv\u201d bikes from honda, kawasaki and ktm, however, the bmw g 310 gs is a great commuter. since husqvarna is currently owned by ktm, the vitpilen and svartpilen \u2014 or white and black arrow, respectively \u2014 are powered by the same 373cc single-cylinder engine as the ktm bikes mentioned above. but the husqvarna twins have some of the best design of any modern bike, regardless of displacement. the bike\u2019s saddle is about 33 inches tall, so some new riders might be unable to place both feet flat and firm at stoplights, but at least it\u2019s light at 340 pounds. the husqvarna svartpilen 401 is much like the vitpilen 401, but the black arrow is styled as a scrambler more than a modern caf\u00e9 racer. the changes are small but meaningful, adding up to a bike with knobby tires relative to its stablemate, and hinting at a vague off-road vibe. it\u2019s no dual-sport, but it is a fine bike to introduce riders to the sport of motorcycling. both bikes borrow their looks from the past but boast new tech like a slipper clutch, abs and traction modes. these are the best-looking motorcycles for 2023. many products featured on this site were editorially chosen. motorcyclist may receive financial compensation for products purchased through this site. copyright \u00a9 2023 motorcyclist. an octane media, llc publication. all rights reserved. reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. there are no bad car brands these days in real terms, barring cheap chinese copies.that aside, bikes are the same as cars.  jap ones (honda, yamaha, suzuki, kawasaki) are supremely reliable, perform well and tick all the boxes.  some people feel that certain japanese brands lack excitement.  italian ones look fantastic, have passion and soul but are arguably fragile in comparison.  american ones have big engines.  cheap chinese ones are crap.  same as cars.the only exception to this rule is british bikes (triumph) are actually very good these days.reliable, flash, cheap.  pick 2.  same as a car. everyone here is going to tell you to just get a ninja 250 as your first bike. while that's definitely not a bad idea at all, look for bikes ranging from 250cc -500 cc. i assume you're into sportbikes, so you have quite a few options. on pretty much all of these \"learner\" bikes, you can get a used one off craigslist for $1500-4000 and re-sell it at pretty much the same price. think of it as renting a bike for a year to learn on, all under a thousand bucks or so. odds are after a good riding season on it, you'll want to upgrade. plenty of people have started on a super sport and have been fine, and if that's what you want to do, go right ahead. but you won't really find many people encouraging you to do that. it's much smarter to get a smaller bike (that's still faster than 99% of the cars on the road) before you move up to a monster. some good beginner bikes are the ninja 250, ninja 300 ( this is what i started on and i loved every second i was on it, plenty powerful and maneuverable. they'll be more expensive than the others, because it was only released last year, but with efi and the extra cc's i think it's worth it), cbr 250, ninja 500, suzuki gsf 500, etc etc. there's so many of them out there. go on different bike forums and ask them why they love their bikes. go to youtube and watch some videos of people just riding around on theirs, or maybe reviewing them. look up the best beginner bikes on google. also, make sure to buy good gear, take the msf course, yada yada.hope i helped, feel free to message me if you want to ask more. motorcycle brands are, in general, comparable to car brands that share their nationalities:japanese bikes are relatively cheap, plentiful, and reliable just like their automotive counterparts.  just find one with low miles and it'll run until the sun explodes as long as you keep up with the maintenance.american bikes are big, expensive(overpriced) in comparison to the japanese and offer fewer options as far as what kind of bikes are available.  also they've previously had questionable reliabiltiy but that seems to be getting better, depending on who you ask.  if you absolutely *have* to have a cruiser that's 'made in america' then your choice is easy.  (come on ebr,  don't let us down!)british bikes (triumph, maybe norton and....?) are like jaguars only more affordable.  they're not the fastest thing on the road but they're dead sexy and the reliability issues of the past have been dealt with.  ze germans, and by germans i mean bmw, are built to a very high standard.  you won't see many 2nd hand boxers with fewer than 30,000 miles.  apparently the s1000rr is brilliant as well, but i haven't been lucky enough to find out for myself.  also, like their cars, their styling seems to have a polarizing effect.  italian bikes, from everything i've read and heard, are like their supercars.  beautiful, fast and temperamental.  also they're not exactly built for comfort or practicality.  newer ducatis seem to have a pretty reasonable maintenance interval.  still, i always read about aprillia's v4 and ducati superbikes having problems with heat dispersion.  i'd buy a monster 796 in a heartbeat if it had a larger fuel tank and a more sit-up-and-beg style seating position. as a hand waiving generality, replacement parts for japanese bikes will be the least costly. no shocker there, since they sell more bikes and the economy of scale kicks in.euro and brit (ducati, triumph, ktm, moto guzzi, bmw etc) brand parts tend to have greater prices for similar parts. again, scale. suzuki probably makes/sells as many gsx-rs in a year as ducati puts to the street from their entire catalog.  i wouldn't say to avoid any of them, except maybe urals.  poorly made but not that cheap.  honda and yamaha are the most reliable.  italian bikes are less reliable generally, harder to get parts for, and more expensive to fix.  i think it's worth it though, the right ducati can be a hell of a lot of fun.  bmws are overly complicated but the company makes great touring bikes.  harleys are easy to work on and easy to get parts for but overly heavy. like they all said, there is no right and wrong here. i've only owned a kawasaki and a suzuki. i had no problems with either, and i ride the suzuki pretty hard. and yet, even though it was only a $2k bike, i still miss my kawi sometimes.  an acquaintance of mine works at a motorcycle sales and repair shop, and one thing he told me once was that the high-horsepower superbikes -- he mentioned the zx-14 and hayabusa -- are less fun in the sense that, as they are geared higher, you usually only cycle through the first three gears; he claimed that medium-powered sport bikes are more fun because you can floor it without having to hold on for dear life and hope you don't spin out and crash, and you can run through all of the gears. thoughts? opinion? every kid wants a cool classic like a camaro or mustang -  i always tell them to get a boring ass (reliable) honda civic or toyota camry.  same kinda goes for motorcycles - stick to ujm (used japanese motorcycles) and you will have inexpensive, reliable fun!   in regards to sport bikes i've always read to stay away from hyosung.  there is no real brand to avoid. reliability in bikes highly relies on maintenance - if you buy a ducati and spend time and money maintaining it, it will be reliable. there are plenty of bikes with problems, and a lot of them are covered by recalls even if you are not the original owner of the bike. it really comes down to the a personal preference of what you are willing to spend your money on . for a large number of people, riding a great sounding italian bike with sleek lines is well worth the extra cost of maintenance and any potential problems. for others, a 600 jap sportbike is fine enough. there is also how you ride the bike. any bike that is going to be ridden on the track will need more attention, while easy going commuter bikes are fine with regular oil changes. as for comfort or speed, pick one. value, just look on craigslist/ebay to see what the bikes are selling for.  honda i have owned bmw, yamaha, honda, kawasaki, ktm and i would say that they all last if you do regular maintenance.  the bmw is an engineering marvel but it comes at a price point that isn't for everyone.   if you plan on holding on to it, i wouldn't feel one bit bad about a bmw or honda... for bulletproof reliability in build quality: honda.for aesthetics, performance, and overall build quality without needing powerball money: indian, bmw.if you have \u201cfuck you\u201d money: mv. easy: aprilia.&#x200b;&#x200b;ahhh hahahaahahahaaahhaaaa hahaha \\*cough\\* \\*gasp\\* any of the japanese brands will run all day, forever.  (generally speaking.)kawasaki is my fave, but yamaha, suzuki, and honda all have superb build quality and reliability as well.there are always exceptions to be found, for sure, but in general, those brands' reliability have stood the test of time. as a multiple times owner of suzukis i can hold my hand on my heart and say... probably not suzuki. definitely honda, followed very closely by yamaha. honda.  highest quality all the way around. i think the opinion will vary quite a bit because people tend to defend what they like it have sitting in the garage. i\u2019m a honda boy always have been since my teenager days and in my opinion nothing beats the italians for style (pure beauty and design) and the japanese for reliability and engineering quality. just my 2 cents i\u2019m sure there will be plenty of fans from other brands :) *cough* yamaha klr650, because dirt. norton commando, because history.harley wla, because green.bmw gsa, because long way round.ducati diavel, just because. honda nm4 - because it's wonderfully absurd, more than i'd want to pay for a \"gimmick\" bike though.honda vfr750f (rc24 model), specifically in white - epitome of 80s styling (in my book) in a sport touring bike that's still something i'd want to ride.moto guzzi v7 anniversario - prettiest and most interesting of the modern retro bikes in my opinion.  not even particularly unattainable, i just can't justify owning more than 1 bike.tracer 700...but with cruise control - fj-09/tracer 900 is overkill, i miss having a smaller bike and for me, the upper range of the 900s power is mostly wasted.  tracer 700 annoyingly isn't sold in the us, but even if it was, i'd need it with cruise control, which sadly isn't a possibility because it still uses an \"analog\" throttle.between these 4, i'd have pretty much all my desired bases covered, so i'm not really sure what i 'd want as a 5th.  maybe i'd try to dabble in off-roading, so i don't know maybe a yamaha yz250f or something along those lines. yamaha graves livery r1, older gen with the eyes. speed triplegs1200 if i was tallerfully restored cb400/other in cafe formzx14, owning one of the \u201cfastest\u201d land vehicles on earth would just be cool and i\u2019m sure i could \u201clight tour\u201d on it, also strangely the most realistic for me to actually own on this list. nuda! the loudness will turn eyes; the beauty will open them. rj was the first moto youtube i ever watched, and what ultimately inspired me to go ahead and start riding myself. only 2triumph street triple rs because of the insect-style frontaaaaand triumph rocket 3 r because 2500 cc i'd like to own:* a norton classic rotary, because rotary engine* suzuki rg500, do i need to explain?* yamaha v-max (late 80s full power model) for sheer grunt* yamaha it465, because i once had a short ride on an it250 and it was mental, so the 465 must be at least 50% more mental* honda rc166 replica, complete with spares kit. ducati multistrada and bmw s1000xr. love that sporty adv look i'll take five more mint 2nd gen klr650's, please. parts! 1. 2005-2006 ducati sport 1000 because tron 22. 2020 hd fat bob i love the headlight and overall look of the bike, kinda post apocalyptic styling.3. arch just because they're so expensive and exclusive4. 2020 bmw r1250 r because i really love bmw's electronics.5. 2020 z900 or 2020 mt 07 just as a daily commuter sv650 because its the klr of the street, vfr800 because its sexy, f800st because goddamn it bmw, why did you discontinue such a good small sport tourer, my old zephyr 750 because i didn't realize what i had, and a bolt r-spec to have a cruiser that isn't a cruiser. my gen1 busa.fat and unapologetically fast. a friend of my dad's showed up with a 60 something panhead harley. dad worked on it, restored it to a form of glory. took one of my first rides ever on a motorcycle on that panhead. i was hooked right there mt10 made me forget about my mt09 2017 aprilia tuono v4 1100 rr.no real story. i had a '16, but the '17 addressed some of its short comings. i'm a sucker for a v4 and it (they) are the only bikes of the 14 i've owned that i've ever missed, despite owning a few of the same model of bike twice, like my current concours 14 and current magna.i'll get one again... one day. my father is getting out of riding in the next two years. the tuono can't stand going slow, and at 72 going slow is pretty much all my father does. though, not too slow. we still pass up plenty of riders and cars. so i'm going to stick with my current bikes for a few years until he heads off into the sunrise and then reevaluate. my first shovelhead.took that clapped out hardtail around the country for a year and a half with nothing but a bunch of cash, a tarp, some paracord, blanket, and 3 changes of clothes.best time of my life, bar none.once i got back home, i parked it in storage, and havent ridden it in 7 years.it will never be sold. i'll die with that chop.now i ride a dyna and do the same shit, just with more storage and upgraded motocamp kit \ud83d\ude02 put 70k on the chop and 157k on my last dyna, got 60k on my current dyna, i paid for the whole odometer, i'm gonna use it.live to ride. ride to live. my harley. it's slow, it's old, it handles like a shopping cart, it gets uncomfortable pretty quick. but she's mine and i love her. i've ridden plenty of other bikes, gone to dealer demo days, etc, and i'm always eager to get back on my bike. just raw, simple, loud... i hate to use the cliche, but if you have to ask, you wouldn't understand. 2018 r1200gs rallye edition. my 48th motorcycle and my favorite to date. does it all, handles like a crotch rocket, 0-60 in less than 3, comfortable as hell, looks awesome, reliable, takes a beating and doesn\u2019t miss a beat, holds its value, incredible electronics and suspension. most versatile bike i\u2019ve ever owned. i think it's my brutale 990r for road bikes i have owned. comfortable, great torque, light enough, beautiful in the extreme (to me for a stock bike), handles like a dream.i have to say i really liked the duke 890r i got to thrash. light and powerful and super fun quick shifter.but i really love my little ninja 400 track bike too, for all it allows me to do and learn on the track to become better and better.it's tough... haha man\u2026 it\u2019s all of em. the honeymoons and the old flames. every bike i\u2019m currently riding, and every one i had to let go. i concur with your final assessment. the big four _japanese_ manufacturers. i'm team blue all day. definitely biased. i'm biased towards kawasaki being that my first bike was a kx60, my second being a kx250, and i have some childhood nostalgia from getting excited to see the cool green bikes on an old vhs tape called bike mania. but being open minded i'd have to say hondas are quite the reliable machine, over engineered and detuned to provide the proper power while increasing longevity. my dad won a bar bet back in the 80s with his honda 300ex against a harley enthusiast, which involved draining the oil and then reclining both until one blew up. after going wide open long past the harley failing, dad filled it up with oil again and rode it home.  it seems today though that all the big 4 are pretty evenly matched in terms of r&d for the most part, not to mention some brands tend to do production collaborations on some models, like the kx and rm for a while. in my personal experience i'd have to rank honda and kawasaki both at the top in a tie as i've owned both, then yamaha, and finally suzuki as i haven't owned either and only have anecdotal observations from friends with them. honda, suzuki, kawi, yamaha. never owned the last 2 but i owned the first 2 and i prefer the honda slightly over the suzuki. had more torque down low which was important to me riding in nyc. both great machines and very reliable. i like bikes and owed bikes from all of them. but to be honest not a lot of things from honda i would buy right now. rc30/45/51 days are long gone and it\u2019s boring cbr1000 and 600 world now. they feel lifeless. the crf450 variants are nice and so is the 300 rallye. but it\u2019s just not a big lineup of interesting machines. yamaha still makes a 125 and 250 2 stroke dirt bike so points to them. plus the r7 and r1 come in some sweet colors this year. and they made the rz350/500. suzuki has the busa and gsxr has been a nice lineup for them forever. the drz400 in all forms is bullet proof. their motocross bikes are way behind everyone else. kawasaki has some cool stuff with the kx60/85/112 and the h2 variants. and thier retro cafe racers are legit. not to mention that the klx300 has better suspension than the crf300. to be honest i think that for me ducati aprilia mv augusta are the brands making really interesting machines. off-road wise i love beta and tm bikes. not to mention the ktm/husqvarna/gas gas triplets.while i want older japanese bikes, i probably won\u2019t buy a new ones unless they change a lot. give me an old zx7 or zx10. or an rc51 with full titanium sato exhaust over anything they make new. hell even a 1998 r1. 1. kawasaki - best performance for the price point, hand down 2. yamaha - amazing bikes, can't go wrong with any yammie, a little bit more expensive than kawis for what you get 3. honda - bikes are great and feel really well built. a lot of their bikes are overpriced for what you get and many lack simple things that other bikes in the same class have (like gear indicators)4. suzuki - \"if it ain't broken don't fix it\" should be their motto. they seem to be genuinely afraid to introduce new products. nowadays yamaha kawasakihondasuzuki greenredblueyellow suzukikawasakiyamahahonda honda, yamaha, kawasaki, suzuki. honda and ya.aha have yo be 1 and 2, and i put honda first because recently they've just been more innovative, releasing the new rebel and cb redesigns. yamaha is undoubtedly good in the performance department, but they keep trotting out the dated bolt and the xsr has trash suspension. kawasaki is good, personally i just don't like their designs and character. suzuki hasn't done anything new in years and they're responsible for the gsxr 250. i'll start: i ride a triumph street scrambler, which i'm obviously partial to, but i would also say that the 2020 vitpilen 701(that year specifically because of the fantastic blue) and the indian ftr1200 are probably my top 3 big fan of the 2020 zx6 in orange, everyone i show has the same reaction to it as far as sport bikes go. as for cruisers you can never go wrong with an indian cb300r i love the yamaha v-max. first generation is better but they are both pretty bad ass stock. ducati supermono, art! everything the 916 was but more so!! simply stunning. my opinion is the panigales v2\u2019s or v4s\u2019s(in white) or the harley v-rod. i would trade my 600rr in a second [paul smart 1000](https://www.cycleworld.com/2015/10/01/ducati-paul-smart-1000-sportclassic-riding-impression-motorcycle-review-photos-specifications/) and nothing else production comes close italians have  the best curves [repsol livery fireblade](https://i2.wp.com/motoblast.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/1573901477867_cbr1000rr-r-sp-repsol.jpg?resize=678%2c381&ssl=1) depends on if you are doing mostly track or street riding. the general consensus i\u2019ve seen from reviews and comparisons are that the s1000rr and gsxr are best for the street, and the r1 is best for the track but i haven\u2019t ridden any of the new bikes so ymmv. splitting hairs. it\u2019s really up to your preference upon test ride. zx-10r you want to be the coolest and fastest on the block aprillia, ducati, bmw. also don\u2019t be poor. they're all so unbelievably fast that i just pick the one i think is coolest. the gixxer looks cool to me and comes in some great color ways and i've got a soft spot for suzuki. according to people i trust, the s1000rr is the best for street riding. i can't recall if it's the most exciting or \"approachably\" fast or comfortable or whatever but that's the going consensus. the regular cbr is on like 2005 levels of horsepower, the zx10r is ugly to me, everyone and their mother rides an r1 even though it's super track oriented and none of them go to the track. money no object i'd be on the bmw probably i have a 2021 honda fireblade triple r, it has 14,000 on it and it is a beast. traded in my 2018 1000 cbr for it and there is no comparison. gixxer are outdated and old tech. r1, s1000rr is where i\u2019d go if i wanted a liter bike today. not that any of them are bad. they\u2019re all outstanding, and 99.9% of riders will never get the most from them. my 2 cents if you're slow on one brand switching ain't going to make any faster. if you have the talent you can win at the highest level with any of them. versys 650, if it is good enough for ari henning it is good enough for me burgman 650 would have to go africa twin if i needed a bike for all of those things. it\u2019s simply capable of it all and pretty much bomb proof. 2012 r1200gs rallye.big boi power but still air cooled and light. lots of spare parts. fit and finish next to none. german sense of humor injected into its engineering. triumph tiger 800 xca. not exactly above average in any category but it\u2019s equally good enough at all four. if i was made of money i\u2019d go for the explorer 1200 but the 800 is still pretty damn good. ninja 250. wring the piss out of it, tracking, jump it over some train tracks, crash it and buy another. rinse and repeat 10 times for half the price of new r6 since others have answers that are probably better i\u2019ll throw in a wildcard; ktm 500 exc-f. many have gone around the world on one, it\u2019s really capable off road, and holds its own on the road. albeit it\u2019s not a strong road warrior. yamaha tenere 700does everything well. dr650! doesn\u2019t really win any category but it does everything pretty good. i upgraded the seat, added seat and grip heaters, windshield. it\u2019s much more comfy for longer trips and still handles dirt roads, city curbs, it\u2019ll pull 80-90 on the highway for passing if necessary. stupid reliable too.edit: also cheap to buy and cheap to maintain honda goldwings are pretty notorious for having a 200,000 mile life before a major overhaul gets then another 200,000. honda anything imo. i drive a ural. the same factory has been building bikes for 80 years.it's said 95% of all urals ever built are still on the road. the other 5% made it to their destination.i can reliably say there's a reason for it's larger than most factory toolkit. \ud83d\ude42 honda something (tourer)honda something (naked)honda something  (dirt)  +  uralhonda something (commute)edit : honda something (sport) honda super cub.  nothing else is even a contender. i have a 2002 honda cbr 600 f4i with approx 65,000km on her. i\u2019ve used her for lot riding and street and i\u2019ve dropped her a few hundred times. i\u2019ve broke a few crank cases, twisted bars, broke pegs, ripped my rear fairing clean off, bent sub frame and each time, she\u2019s started without hesitation. no main issues other than normal maintenance and she still runs strong. i love that bike. there are quite a bunch of 300k miles goldwings out there. the flat 4 and flat six ones. charley boorman proved the honda cub was indestructible https://youtu.be/t_bsrsqngey&t=4m53s there might be an argument for  the honda pacific coast.  they've been known to go 300,000 or more, and as long as you keep the carburetors and battery happy by running the thing they pretty much don't need anything except oil, gas, tires and brakes every so often. they have shaft drive, and hydraulic tappets. they are virtually maintenance-free.unless you don't run them... then the carburetors get unhappy pretty quick and the battery of course is the battery. the gen 1 yamaha vmax - cardboard frame, wooden brakes, bias-ply tires and yet they gave it 150hp. it's literally '80s hair metal in the form of a metric cruiser and it'll always be my second favorite bike ever made, behind the hair-on-fire insanity that are [supercharged](https://youtu.be/omugmg4lqdk) [vmaxes.](https://youtu.be/03vlayedqyw) the sv650.it\u2019s the best all arounder. anyone can use it to learn, enjoy it for years. and it\u2019s easily modifiable with a massive aftermarket.if maintained it will last forever. my first one was ten years old when i sold it to a new rider, had 200k in the odometer.funny thing is i bought a new one to replace that one. shopped around for a while and ended up back on wanting a new one.that engine is probably the best suzuki had made, these days it\u2019s basically perfected.anyone who buys one will enjoy it, and they can learn on it, and slide right into something else if they want.it can do track days, commutes and even weekend canyons carving.i had luggage on mine and took 2k trips a couple times a year without issue. vincent black shadow. fast, stylish, amazing engineering (in the engine, at least). far ahead of its time.or ducati 750ss green frame. same reasons, with better brakes and handling.honda cb1100r - fast. oh, so fast. a japanese bike that finally got it all together in the early 80s - great frame, great handling, great brakes. did i mention fast?suzuki katana 1100 of the same vintage. same description as the honda, but add \"brutal\". cbr1100xx hands down. very nice bike to ride, very forgiving for what it was, excellent build quality and yes, fast. whatever one gets your soul moving.outside of that, honda atc 350x or atc 250r. 5th gen (98-01) honda vfr. 100bhp v4 with gear driven cams, single sided swing arm, and a riding position that can be super sport or all day comfortable. a few mods make it a viable track bike, or slap some luggage on it and tour the continent. source:  i have three of them ;) tw200. it does nothing well, but it does everything. anyone can ride it. followed by the honda super cub / passport. the question is too vague, best of what, most titles won on racetracks, best looking, best engine, best sound etc ? my answer refers to best look/sound/car manufacturer related :mv agusta f4 750. designed by late massimo tamburini after he designed the 916/996/998/748, presented in 1997 and directly exhibited with the 916 in the famous \u201cthe art of the motorcycle\u201d exhibition in the guggenheim in 1998. it\u2019s the bike that gave back to life to mv agusta, still the most titled manufacturer in gp. the castiglioni (owners of the brand back then) were friend with i forgot which ferrari boss, so at first ferrari was in charge to develop the engine. didn\u2019t work well for a production bike, they re-did it kept only some very distinctive stuff developped by ferrari like the radial valves. the name of the bike and the style of the f on the back of the machine is an homage to ferrari (f4), as well as the yellow rev counter and the star shaped rims. i suspect the 4 exhaust pipes are an hommage to ferrari also but i am not sure.not a race track winner, but an instant classic iconic machine with a terrific ferrari sound at high revs (the 750 mostly, not the late 1000), considered by tamburini as the new 916. designed 25 years ago and still super sexy. you can spot it on several movies from batman with christian bale to matrix reloaded (the bike that blow up the guys at the power station), irobot (750 spr) etc. again, not a racetrack winner, more like an italian diva.of course the question is so vague that you\u2019ll have a ton of different answers from 916 to rc30 (yes i am sportbike guy lol) to\u2026 but to me this is the one beacause mv agusta is my favourite manufacturer.edit : (yes i know what i am talking about, i own one ;)handling regarding today\u2019s sport bike standards : 7/10engine : 9/10 it\u2019s just a 750, \u201cjust\u201d around 136 hp (for my evo 3, a bit less before), but after 7-8.000rpm it\u2019s just a ferrari\u2026 brakes : regarding today\u2019s standards 7/10 (still good but no stylemas)chassis : regarding today\u2019s standards 7/10 (stiff and heavy for today but still pretty agile)running cost : well it\u2019s not my only bike, i drive it actually pretty rarely, only nice weather etc (i treat her like the diva she is\u2026), so the service cost, gas and insurance aren\u2019t really more expensive than any other\u2026 1000cc sport bikes.collection future value : high. not that much produced (i am still talking only about the 750, the original one), several crashed, some frankenstein here and there.which 750 to buy ? i have an evo 3, the last produced, the most reliable also. for collection only and not driving (which is sad but\u2026 i\u2019d say the first version the oro, then a special version like the spr (i prefer the original mv colors red/grey though), then mine the evo 3 and then the rest. any case, there is no wrong choice, even an evo 1 or 2. well here we are at the end of 2022 the east coast of north america is frozen all the way down to florida and we just got done with a historic snowstorm that blew 120 kilometer per hour winds for two days straight before letting out not great motorcycling weather but hopefully good things are coming in 2023 after years of lockdown supply chain issues which still exist by the way and factory shutdowns and delays we finally got some newsworthy motorcycle launches for new 2023 models in this video we'll look at the 10 most promising models being introduced for the new year so settle in enjoy the list and if you like what you see please consider subscribing and liking and sharing the video with friends foreign [music] disclaimer i live in north america and certain companies that are big and european or asian markets fly under my radar so i tend to focus on motorcycles that i see in my local dealerships which are basically the big four japanese brands harley-davidson royal enfield and the major euro companies like bmw ducati triumph and a couple of others also i am biased toward adventure bikes seeing as my wife brooke and i ride them and i'm also fond of cruisers nakeds and dual sports don't expect all out sport bikes on this list so the 10th most significant motorcycle on the list will be the new suzuki v-strom 1050 d e and de adventure variants yes this is not an all-new bike being rather similar to the standard v-strom 1050 but it shows that motorcycle manufacturers are taking off-roading more seriously this new version comes with a 21 inch front wheel tubeless tires an off-road power mode and abs that can be switched off on the rear wheel making this bike which was basically a sport tour into something far more dirt capable a trend which i hope all manufacturers adopt ninth on the list is the ducati diablo v4 this bike is sort of a hybrid between a cruiser and a naked and it's swapping out its v-twin for ducati's grand turismo v4 it's lighter and more powerful than the last model with a massive 168 horsepower and 93 pound-feet of torque and more significantly will transition better from side to side you see big twins also have a big gyroscopic effect from the big crankshaft which makes the bike want to stand upright in the new v4 that effect is reduced by a counter rotating crankshaft which will make the bike easier to flick from side to side v4s seem to be making a comeback lately especially for high performance bikes and this new diablo just furthers that trend plus look at those four pipes sac c the next most significant bike on the list is the new honda rebel 1100 t t for touring no it's not much different from the standard rebel 1100 in fact it's the same bike with some touring accessories and is far from ideal but it is significant in the sense that it's essentially an attempt at a mini bagger baggers are huge in north america but many bagger riders are getting long in the tooth riders in their 70s may not want to be wrestling 900 pound motorcycles everywhere they go and so many may opt for something a bit easier to handle enter the 500 pound bagger also an option for younger riders on a budget while other manufacturer is follow honda into this space it might make sense to look into it number seven on the list is the royal enfield 411 scram a reasonably priced stylish scrambler for the masses would i like to ride the triumph scrambler 1200 xc yup do i want to fork over 16 800 canadian plus markups and taxes not particularly the 411 scram lists for 5100 us and 6750 canadian and while it's 24 horsepower won't set your hair on fire it won't set your wallet on fire either this motorcycle puts the scrambling experience within reach of the younger riders who are most likely to buy these types of bikes which i think will make it a hit incidentally soon after its release honda introduced its cl500 which i suppose is the second most affordable scrambler in my market anyways so these bikes are on the list for basically opening up a new niche and hopefully enticing more young people to the sport number six on our list is the suzuki gsx8s and a 4 affordable mid-sized naked twin there used to be a time when suzuki invented and dominated this niche with the sv650 over 20 years ago the original sv was light punchy and fun and while it may have been down on peak power to the four-cylinder competition of the time the power was more usable because it sat lower in the rev range which made the bike feel faster at street speeds where it counted suzuki has since lost the top spot in this segment to the yamaha mt-07 but with the gsx-8s is making an effort to get it back this 776 cc parallel twin with a 270 degree crank is going to be compact and have the proper power characteristics and the rest of the bike looks good as well at 445 pounds wet it's a bit on the heavy side but it looks like it will be competitive in the segment the number five most important bike introduced in 2023 is another naked in the same category and that's the honda hornet 750. honda has the four-cylinder cb650r but until now lock the competitive twin cylinder machine the hornet fixes that with a 90 horsepower 755 cc parallel twin also with a 270 degree crank for good torque and a proper lumpy exhaust note this bike has a great engine some impressive electronics and is decently light and being a honda will probably be available in most markets around the world only time will tell if it can outsell the mt-07 but it will certainly give it a good run moving on to adventure motorcycles both suzuki and honda use their new motors for more than just naked bikes suzuki also designed their new v-strom 800 around the motor from the gsx8s and made the new strom a pretty desirable touring motorcycle yes at over 500 pounds it's heavy but it has good suspension plenty of torque for two up touring and looks like it can get down a dirt road fine which is all that most adventure riders want from their bikes additionally suzuki has given the new v-strom some electronic a's which will probably matter to many any buyers the only problem i foresee with this bike is its proximity to the aforementioned v-strom 1050 in weight and power price will be important here price the 800 high and most buyers will get the 10.50 price it low and it will cannibalize the 1050 sales we'll have to see what happens and like suzuki honda also built an adventure bike around its new 755 cc motor and is bringing the transop 750 to market in 2023 and yes there are a lot of complaints about the bike not being a tenora 700 killer the suspension not being adjustable enough the ground clearance being low the bike looking vanilla etc etc however you have to again consider the fact that most riders will not be doing any serious off-roading on these most of the time will be spent on pavement and a little time can be spent banging around some fire roads if honda made this bike too good why would anyone buy the africa twin honda is the biggest manufacturer in the world they have market analysts telling them exactly which level bike at which price point will maximize profits and i'm guessing that the trans up is at that level vanilla sells very well and i'm sure the transalp will as well will it beat the tanner a700 it should be an interesting race and keeping with the adventure bike theme the number two most important motorcycle introduced for 2023 is one that you may have forgotten about because it was rolled out earlier in 2022 nevertheless the new triumph tiger 1200 is a very important addition to the large adventure bike category like the segment leader the bmw r1250gs it has shaft drive yet manages to be considerably lighter and rolls on a 21-inch front wheel at about 535 pounds wet it's as light as the chain driven bikes while offering adventure riders the convenience of shaft drive the triple puts out almost 150 horsepower and the bike looks good what's not to like it may not surpass the mighty r1250 gs in sales but then again it might if i was in the market for this type of bike the tiger 1200 would likely be my number one choice in this very competitive category so that's why it's a number two most important motorcycle introduced for 2023 and finally we come to the most important motorcycle introduced for the new year and i always like like to give the audience something unexpected but also will justify harley-davidson and to a lesser extent indian and triumph dominate the retro cruiser market but their bikes are expensive definitely not motorcycles a young rider could pick up on a whim to look cool cruising down the boulevard the only manufacturer with the history and cred in building retro style motorcycles and selling them for reasonable prices is royal enfield which is why the introduction of the super meteor 650 is so important this engine has already taken a chunk out of triumph sails in the retro british market and is now poised to get a portion of cruiser sales as well the air-cooled evo sportsters are gone in 2023 and harley indian and triumph offer quote entry-level motorcycles which will probably be close to twice as expensive as the super meteor is likely to cost the super meteor may be a bit underpowered but it's a cruiser people don't get these bikes for racing around it'll do highway speeds all day and that's all that matters this is the perfect opportunity for royal enfield to seriously establish itself in the cruiser market and eventually expand who knows maybe in a couple of years we'll see 1000 cc plus cruisers with the royal enfield emblem and so the super meteor provides that cool bike for every man something that harley davidson has stopped doing with the death of the iron 883 and that's why i snubbed the 13 500 nightster and made the super meteor the number one bike for 2023. so what do you think of the list what bikes have i forgotten or overlooked are you excited by any of the new models please share your thoughts in the comments below and ride safe out there if you're interested in any of the gear that brooke and i wear or use or the camera equipment we use to film this channel the links are below everything listed there was bought with our own money and we are not sponsored by any company however the links below are affiliate links and the channel is paid a small amount for referring you to shop at no additional cost to you we do not recommend any products that we are not satisfied with ourselves but we do strongly urge you to do your research and select the correct size for items like helmets and clothing as always thanks for watching your support is greatly appreciated please hit that subscribe button give the video a thumbs up and leave a comment below and whatever you ride enjoy it wave at other bikers no matter what they're riding or all part of a brotherhood and sisterhood keep the rubber side down shiny side up and may the spokes be with you foreign [music]  foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] thank you [music] thank you [music] thank you [music] thank you foreign [music] thank you foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign  in this video we're bringing you 10 of the best new motorcycles in 2023 let's get into it we're kicking things off with this impressive honda double header the brand spanking new xl750 trans amp and cb750 hornet both of these motorcycles look even more impressive in person in the motorcycle live show and can well shake things up in the middleweight category significantly both bikes will be sharing honda's new 755 cc four-stroke 8 valve parallel twin engine which puts out a formidable 90 brake horsepower and 74 newton meter torque there are of course some key differences between them with the trans alt tuned with a little bit extra torque in the mid-ranges and both models featuring different suspension setups the trans app looks like a mini africa twin i shall call him mini-me [music] which is a great thing in my opinion it aims to be a versatile performer on and off the road we don't have a price tag announced just yet but we do know it will feature a slipping assist clutch smartphone connectivity selectable torque control and versatile shower suspension stay tuned for more details the cb750 hornet enters a particularly stacked category but on paper at least it should hold up very well weighing in at just 190 kilos means it will have one of the best power to weight ratios in the class combined with the torque assist feature wheelie control and slipper clutch this is going to be a real contender among middleweight naked bikes perhaps best of all the price has just been announced at just 699 pounds which is an absolute steal both the hornet and the transat will be eligible for at restriction so they could be perfect beginner motorcycles can't wait to see more of these two next year pros both have excellent visuals decent level of tech features and the hornet is very competitively priced cons here entering a stack market and the price on the trans amp is yet to be announced we're going to give these bikes 5 out of 5 helmets last year one of our favorite new bikes unveiled in the show season had to be the royal enfield meteor 350 but perhaps our only concern was the comparatively low power figures on offer we all thought wouldn't it be great to get this bike with a spec more in line with their super popular continental gt and interceptor models well it seems royal enfield were listening because here comes the super meteor 650 packing a 648 cc parallel twin boasting 47 horsepower and 52 newton meters of torque looking to provide another outstanding a2 option to their repertoire the bike itself is styled like a traditional cruiser although the slightly more mellow riding position having seen these in person getting a sit on one of motorcycle live it certainly feels like a comfortable and quality motorcycle which has outstanding looks and if royal enfield's passed form is to go by you can expect it to be an extremely appealing price point too this is definitely one to watch out for in 2023 pros outstanding traditional cruiser design expect a bargain royal enfield price tag and it's a great accessible a2 option cons the cruise the styling won't be for everyone and it's not got the best power to weight ratio we're giving this one 4.5 out of 5 helmets as per usual triumph had a host of impressive motorcycles on display at motorcycle live and the first one on our list is one you may already be familiar with the tiger 1200 this 2023 edition was announced a few months back but it remains as one of the most exciting new bikes to look out for the 2023 tiger 1200 has been completely revamped some improvements across the board including a more powerful engine improved frame and a whopping 25 kilograms of weight shaved off what the power to weight ratio is now much more impressive with its peak 150 horsepower and massive 130 newton meters of peak torque the latest tiger comes in a few different varieties so you can tailor it to your demands and budget range we have the gt version which is naturally more focused on touring and the rally which has more emphasis on the bike's off-road prowess the gt itself has three further options depending on the level of gadgetry you acquire and with prices ranging from 14 600 pounds for the base model up to eighteen thousand one hundred pounds for the ultra premium tiger 1200 gt explorer the explorer comes with every tech feature you can imagine and a whopping 30 liter fuel tank making it a serious touring contender the 2023 tiger 1200 could be set to give bmw's mighty gs range some serious competition so for pros on this one it's got an extremely high spec supreme comfort and versatility it's got that trunk build quality and a variety of options cons here even with the reduced weight it's still a heavyweight machine and the price starts at 14k so it's only for those with a sizable budget we're giving this one four out of five helmets time for another impressive duo of middleweights this time from suzuki in the form of the gsx8s and the v-strom 800de one of the main takeaways from roger's sv650 review earlier this year was that while it remains perhaps one of the best beginner big bike options on the market it's begun to fall behind the competition in terms of raw performance and spec wait for me i got little league suzuki are looking to remedy that in 2023 with their brand new gsx8s it features a new 776 cc parallel twin engine which may be a bit controversial to lovers of suzuki's tried and true v-twin however the gsx-8s looks to be an entirely different kettle of fish from its forerunners offering a big step up in performance in tech the gsx8s will come packing a clutch assist system quick shifter ride modes and traction control as well as a sharp new visual design along with the upcoming horn at 750 the middleweight category is going to be very interesting next year the second of suzuki's fresh middleweights is their adventure option the v-strom 800de this latest iteration of suzuki's much love v-strom will utilize the same 776 cc parallel twins the gsxas this engine offers an impressive 84 horsepower and 78 newton meters of peak torque this time repackaged in the v-strom's familiar adventure form it will also be loaded with the same tech features including the quick shifter and torque assist but it will also have switchable abs and handy gravel mode to help with the off-road riding we don't yet have prices confirmed from these models but we'll update you as soon as we can with more info as it comes out either way these are two more fantastic prospects for 2023 so the pros on these ones it's got a sharp new visual design for the gsx and a host of excellent tech features for both models we're also looking at impressive performance stats from the new engine and frame cons the price is yet to be announced on both of them and the old v-twin was much loved and will be missed but we'll see how the parallel twin gets on we're going to give these 4 out of 5 helmets another promising a2 option now this time from honda the brand new cl500 comes in a very similar form to the cmx 500 reshaped into a scrambler instead of the custom cruiser format the similarities are clear but the visual style is definitely unique enough for it to be its own thing we especially love the new orange and blue paint options they don't just share some visual elements though the cl500 will be using the same a2 friendly 471 cc four-stroke engine as well as the same tech features like an assistant slipper clutch the cl does have some interesting differences however including a 19-inch front wheel with 150 millimeter travel on its 41 millimeter forks the idea is to give a bit more scrambler off-road versatility but how well that will translate into the real world remains to be seen after testing out the cmx we can be pretty certain this cl will be responsive and highly accessible bike the cmx has surprisingly agile handling for a cruiser so we'll be excited to see how an updated scrambler chassis can improve that even more we don't have an official price on it just yet but the cmx comes in at 6699 pounds so i'm expecting a similar budget starting point so the pros on this one it's got a unique visual styling highly accessible a2 performance and it should be a nice budget friendly option cons here the unique style might not be for everyone and in my opinion the exhaust is pretty ugly we're going to give this one 3.5 out of 5 helmets while we're in the scrambler mode fantika adding the new caballero 700 to their lineup alongside its 500 cc and 125 cc counterparts the new bike will feature a brand new engine from fantic but one you may be very familiar with thanks to their partnership with yamaha yes this caballera 700 will feature the trident tested 689 cc twin cylinder found in the mt-07 putting out a tidy 75 brake horsepower and 50 foot pounds of torque this makes for quite a leap up from the a2 compliant caballera 500 while still coming in with the familiar retro italian styling this is definitely a bite we have our eyes on keenly the caballero 700 should arrive in the early part of 2023 so we'll keep you updated when we hear further details about spec and price pros on this one excellent capillera styling and it's using the highly impressive mt-07 engine cons though centering a very stack market and the price is yet to be revealed we're giving this one 3.5 out of 5 helmets the final scramble on the list may be the most exciting and that's the new generation of scrambler arriving from ducati the original scrambler was one of the bikes that really kick-started this whole retro revival we've been seeing in motorcycles for years now so it'll be interesting to see if the 2023 update can be just as iconic the visual styling has been slightly tweaked and comes in three different flavors with the full throttle icon and night shift models they're all unmistakably ducati scramblers but now look a little sleeker and more streamlined the main updates come to the engine and frame with ducati imagining to shave off around four kilos from the total weight of the bike the latest 803 cc desmo engine puts out a claims 73 brake horsepower with 48 foot-pounds of torque interestingly torque now peaks higher up in the rev range at 7000 rpm but ducati have stated it will still have the same smooth and easy to manage pull the scrambler is famous for all versions will come with a slip and assist clutch as well as traction control and ride modes and the full throttle version will pick up a quick shifter on top all in all 2023 should be an exciting year for retro enthusiasts so the pros on this one it's got the iconic scrambler design one improved power to weight ratio and it's easily customizable tank covers allow you to put your own flare on it cons expect a sizable ducati price tag and some of us here at bike matters think the old version looked a little bit better we're giving this one 3.5 out of 5 helmets despite not having an actual standard eichma mv still managed to steal the show with the unveiling of their latest work of art the supervilloce 1000 series ro this motorcycle is truly the stuff of dreams with its gorgeous neo retro styling and extreme 209 brake horsepower performance the siri aura is based on the mv augusta's iconic 1973 mp500 which was the first gp bike to utilize aerodynamic wings up front for improved downforce the wings are of course back in this latest 2023 motorcycle along with a host of tech features carbon detailing racing ecu and envy signature 4 pipe exhaust the downside is that this masterpiece will be a limited edition and is expected to cost around the 50 000 pound mark so don't expect to see many of these about in 2023 pros stunning neo retro design extreme performance and it's an ultimate head turner the cons here though extreme price and it's for hardened motorcycle enthusiasts only we're giving this one 4 out of 5 helmets while we're on the subject of italian works of art ducati have something special of their own in store for 2023 with the arrival of the new diavel v4 the diavel has always been a unique blend of muscle bike cruiser and super sport all rolled into one and the addition of the popular multistrada v4 engine the 1158 cc v4 gran turismo only adds to this uniqueness in terms of stats this new diavel has a slight power increase over the diavel 1260 up to 168 brake horsepower but due to the slightly smaller capacity engine it's down 3 newton meters in the torque stakes when you consider that we are still talking about a whopping 126 newton meters it really isn't a big deal and combined with the fact this new v4 model was 11 kilos lighter overall performance and handling should be notably improved as usual with ducati you can expect a super premium experience that will turn heads in every situation the downside will be the equally huge 23 895 pound price tag if you want it in black then an additional 300 pounds will be required but realistically the top premium superbikes across the market are now getting close and closer to these kinds of price levels and can you really put a price on perfection so for pros it's one of the most unique riding experiences there is out there fabulous italian styling an amazing around performance when it comes to cons it might be a bit too much to handle for some it's for big budgets only and it's a sort of a weird place in the market we're giving this one 3.5 helmets out of five when it comes to our personal opinion triumph may have produced standard of the shirt motorcycle life for the second year running aside from the beautiful new chrome bonnevilles and the impressive tiger 1200 already featured on this list one of my favorite bikes was the all-new street triple 765. for many a year the street triple was the undisputed king of the middleweight naked but with the arrival of top contenders from yamaha honda and kawasaki to name a few the crown doesn't seem quite so secure trying for aiming to grab it back once and for all with this latest iteration and they might just pull it off as the name may give away the capacity has been up to 765 cc with a new 12 valve double overhead cam inline three-cylinder engine you can expect the same three cylinder character but now with even more bite the bass version comes in an impressive 118 brake horsepower peaking at 11 500 rpm this high revving power reminds me of the good old 600 super sports that have faded from existence thanks to euro 5 regulations now added the triumph's famous levels of comfort and tech expect adjustable shower suspension brembo brakes ride modes switchable traction control and quick shifter all available on the baseline r version if you want something even fancier then as usual an rs option is available and now an even fancier moto 2 edition the standard street triple 765r model starts from 9595 pounds which sounds like an absolute bargain to us here at bike matters pros on this one it's got the triumph build quality and tech features a beautiful new design impressive power and torque figures surprisingly affordable price point and there are premium versions available cons here there's not many but it might just be a bit too sport focused for some we're giving this one 4 out of 5 helmets hooray in the modern era indian are most well known for their awesome looking cruisers but you may or may not be aware they've been dominating the flat track racing scene in recent years as well to celebrate this indian introduced the ftr model in 2019 and now the latest update to that range will arrive for 2023 the ftr sport the ftr sport pushes a flat tracker styling even further and is a real look at both in black and white versions it certainly isn't all looks though with a 1200 cc v twin engine at its heart something is becoming more increasingly rare these days it puts out 123 brake horsepower and 118 newton meters of torque expect this street bike to sound fabulous and go like the clappers while the indian cruisers tend to deliberately be stripped back the ftr comes loaded with tech there will be ride modes traction control fully adjustable suspension and even a built-in touchscreen sat nav priced at 14 995 pounds the indian ftr sport will be one of the most unique super naked bikes on the market in 2023. pros here it's got that unique and authentic flat track style strong proven performance and it's got a decent price point for cons it's not for the faint-hearted and it's got stiff competition in this category we're giving this one four out of five helmets that brings our list to an end do you agree with our list if not let us know in the comments below like and subscribe and i'll see you in the next one  foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] thank you [music] thank you thank you [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] thank you [music] [music] [music] thank you  foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] [applause] foreign [music] [music] thank you foreign [music] [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] foreign foreign [applause] [music] foreign [music] foreign thank you [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] thank you [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] why are you keeping me [music] [applause] [music] [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign  [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] thank you foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] [applause] foreign [music] [music] [music] thank you foreign [music] [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] [applause] foreign [music] [music] [music] thank you foreign [music] [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] thank you [music] foreign [music] [music] thank you [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] [music] foreign [music] let's go [music] [applause] [music] [music] "

----------

"if you're a car lover looking to satisfy your desires for something fun to drive and flashy, these sports cars are our top picks. sports cars deliver a level of driving entertainment that's inspiring to enthusiasts like us; traditional needs, such as fuel economy, cargo space, and in some instances, rear seats, take second fiddle to driver engagement and grin-inducing acceleration and handling. sports cars come in varying degrees of thrill, running the gamut from the lightweight, low-powered mazda mx-5 miata to the pricey but powerful porsche 911 turbo. despite their differences, these two sports cars, like almost all of the vehicles in this segment, share a common thread: driver satisfaction. to draw a line in the sand, we split sport compacts such as the honda civic type r and hyundai elantra n, into their own hatchback and small car segments, respectively. as the mx-5 miata is any indication, there's more to making our editor's choice list in this field than loads of horsepower. the scales that make a great sports car require balance, and the best sports cars are as thrilling on public roads as they are on private race tracks. there's no set equation for the perfect sports car, but in order to find the best out there, we measure every one of these machines on the test track to help us determine the models that split the difference between on-road comfort and tarmac-tearing performance. the sports cars on our 2023 editor's choice list exemplify are more than just fun to drive; these vehicles share the fundamental qualities that separate great cars from merely good ones. read more about the best sports cars for other years: 2022 | 2021 | 2020 | 2019. the chevrolet camaro zl1 walks the thin line that separates where the everyday meets the racetrack. using the everyday camaro (reviewed separately) as a building block, the tornado that is the zl1 makes the mighty 455-hp camaro lt1 and ss trims feel like comparative wind gusts. credit the zl1's trim-exclusive 650-hp supercharged v-8, as well as its wide goodyear f1 supercar tires that are as sticky as s'mores. an available 1le performance package awakes an even mightier beast, with the package adding even wider and stickier tires, adjustable camber plates at each corner, and multimatic's dynamic suspension spool valve dampers. think of the camaro zl1 as a nascar cup series racer for the street. review, pricing, and specs. with supercar performance, an affordable price tag, and flashy styling, the 2023 chevrolet corvette honors the nameplate's decades-old status as an automotive icon\u2014but with a mid-engine twist. the current c8 is the first generation to have its naturally aspirated v-8 engine mounted behind the passenger compartment, which boosts chevy's halo sports car into the realm of exotic machinery. its sharp handling and explosive acceleration are a match for sports cars costing tens of thousands more, but it's also comfortable and refined enough to drive cross-country. the c8 is offered as both a convertible and a coupe, and the hardtop model has a roof panel that can be lifted off to allow the sun to shine in. its cabin is cozy but comfortable, and there's adequate trunk storage for groceries or luggage, making the corvette an easy sports car to live with on a daily basis. we're charmed by this perennial 10best award winner, and we think you will be too. review, pricing, and specs. the 2023 chevy corvette z06 elevates the iconic nameplate into territory occupied by exotics from ferrari and lamborghini. with the engine now located behind the driver, it looks unlike any z06 seen before. not only is it considerably wider than the regular corvette stingray, but it also boasts bigger air intakes and a unique rear wing. thanks to a flat-plane crankshaft, the new z06's naturally aspirated 5.5-liter v-8 doesn't sound like any vette that's come before, and it blasted the car to 60 mph in just 2.6 seconds at our test track. while it inherits the best amenities and technology from the stingray, its performance and handling have been heightened and sharpened. chevy switched to a mid-engine layout to make the c8 corvette a supercar that more folks can afford, and the 2023 corvette z06 promises to embarrass more than a few people driving insanely expensive supercars when they meet at a racetrack. we were so impressed by the z06 that we named it to our 2023 10best cars list alongside the stingray. review, pricing, and specs. for more than 55 years, the ford mustang has continued to evolve into a more sophisticated steed. this iteration comes standard with a 310-hp turbocharged inline-four ecoboost engine with a six-speed manual transmission. and while the pony car gets as wild as the 760-hp shelby gt500, reviewed separately, the more conventional choice is the mustang gt with the 450-hp v-8 engine. both the four-cylinder and v-8 can be mated to a manual transmission or a 10-speed automatic. mustangs are offered either as a hard-shell coupe or rag-top convertible, but every mustang powers the rear wheels. although a high performance 330-hp ecoboost is an available upgrade for the four-cylinder, the mustang is best served with the growling v-8. while its closest muscular rival, the chevy camaro, has a more ergonomic interior, the mustang's larger back seat and better outward visibility make it easier to live with. review, pricing, and specs. to call the 2023 mazda mx-5 miata an icon would be an understatement. the drop-top compact sports car reinvented the niche when it appeared for the first time back in 1989. since then, it has only gotten better, honing its performance and handling to what it is today: one of the most entertaining things on four wheels. the miata competes with the subaru brz and toyota gr 86 twins but unlike those coupes, it's offered with either of two open-top body styles\u2014a cloth-top convertible or a retractable hard-top targa called rf. all models are powered by a revvy 181-hp four-cylinder and come with a standard six-speed manual gearbox, a combination that recalls the sports cars of yesteryear. an automatic transmission is available but stick with the manual; it makes this featherweight two-seater an engrossing drive partner. it isn't the best choice for daily commuting or long road trips, and tall drivers will find the cabin a bit cramped, but the miata is equipped with the essentials, and its chassis is expertly tuned for maximum fun. review, pricing, and specs. mclaren embraces a hybridized future of high performance with the sculptural 2023 artura supercar. the newly introduced mid-engine two-seater rides on a new lightweight platform. it also pairs a twin-turbo v-6\u2013the company's first\u2014with a battery-electric powertrain to create a plug-in-hybrid model\u2014another first. the duo generates a combined 671 horsepower and 531 pound-feet of torque. performance estimates are highlighted by a zero-to-60-mph time of 2.6 seconds and a top speed of 205 mph. its bodywork is pure mclaren, complete with prominent air vents and scissor-style doors. along with a more premium and spacious interior than the 720s, the 2023 artura offers several convenience and driver-assistance features. review, pricing, and specs. although the 2023 718 boxster is technically the brand's entry-level car, its brilliant handling, powerful turbocharged engines, and connected-to-your-psyche steering make it anything but a diluted version of the hallowed 911. the boxster and its sibling, the 718 cayman coupe, are superb representations of what a sports car should be, making them excellent additions to our 10best cars list. a mid-engine configuration gives the boxster a balanced, light-on-its-feet feel on the road, and you can enjoy the aggressive exhaust note and the sun's warming rays at the same time with the top pulled back. okay, you caught us waxing poetic; the boxster isn't a perfect car. cargo space is limited, there are only two seats inside its cockpit, and the best powertrain\u2014the sweet, sonorous flat-six\u2014is limited to the expensive gts trim. but let's be real here\u2014it's a sports car, so who would expect it to be all things to all drivers? that's what makes the 718 so special: it's brilliant at all things a sports car needs to be. review, pricing, and specs. when it comes to sports cars, we're easily charmed, but certain cars still linger in our minds for being truly outstanding. the 2023 porsche 718 cayman is one such sports car that continues to captivate our collective attention\u2014and one that we're happy to have on our 2023 10best cars list. its turbocharged engines are mounted amidships, giving the cayman\u2014and its convertible sibling, the 718 boxster\u2014a natural handling advantage over front-engined rivals such as the jaguar f-type and the toyota supra. on a twisty road, the cayman is unflappable, and its crisp handling makes you never want to stop driving. sure, there are too few places to stash your phone, keys, and beverages inside the two-seat cabin, and the base turbo four could sound a bit more refined. otherwise, the cayman is an impeccably engineered sports car that's easy to love. we should know. we've fallen head over heels for our long-term 718 cayman gts 4.0, which has impressed us in all the ways expected\u2014and even some unexpected, including how few compromises it requires to drive daily. review, pricing, and specs. if you close your eyes and picture a porsche, it's likely that the 911 renders first in your imagination. this rear-engined fastback is a legend\u2014and for good reason. make that many reasons. for decades it has been a benchmark for performance and handling and feel, inspiring rivals such as the aston martin vantage, the audi r8, and the maserati mc20, to name a few. the \"standard\" 911 sticks to its roots with a set of twin-turbo flat-six engines that have been tuned for up to 473 horsepower. higher-performance turbo and gt3 models are available\u2014this is porsche, of course\u2014but we review those cars separately. most 911 models have rear-wheel drive but all-wheel drive is available. coupe, cabriolet convertible, and targa body styles are offered, and they have a cabin that is comfortable for two adults whether it's been decked out in luxuries or left bone stock. the 911's superiority stems not only from its lofty performance capabilities but also from the fact that it's comfortable enough to live with on a daily basis. review, pricing, and specs. simply put, the 2023 porsche 911 gt3 and the all-out track-attack gt3 rs are utterly transcendent, blending everything we love about the standard 911 with otherworldly performance, uncompromised driving enjoyment, and hot-lap capability. a naturally aspirated 4.0-liter flat-six engine makes demonic sounds as it howls up to its 9000 rpm redline, producing 502 horsepower along the way in the gt3 and gt3 touring. that same engine is twisted to 518 horsepower in the new gt3 rs, but it's that model's wild race-car aerodynamic elements\u2014ideas cribbed from gt and formula 1 race cars\u2014that comprise its major engineering advancements. a six-speed manual is standard in gt3 models but we've proven the optional seven-speed pdk automatic is quicker, as it shifts quicker than a human and seems to be linked to the driver's cerebral cortex. the gt3 rs comes only with the pdk gearbox. while the gt3 and gt3 touring models are designed to thrill on the world's most challenging race courses, they're nearly as supple-riding and easy to live with as the regular 911 when driven on city streets. it's this dual-purpose nature that makes the gt3 one of our favorite sports cars and why it easily earns a place on the highest pedestal of automotive icons. as for the gt3 rs, it's as serious about lap times as a 911 can get and still be licensed. we can't wait to drive it to see if it's too radical a car for anything but track duty. review, pricing, and specs. the porsche 911 turbo's delivery of speed is nothing short of freaky fast. its all-wheel-drive launches are courtesy a standard 573-hp 3.7-liter flat-six or a 640-hp version for turbo s models. it's among the quickest cars we've ever tested, getting to 30 mph in 0.8 seconds, to 60 mph in 2.1 seconds, and through a quarter-mile in just 9.9 seconds at 138 mph. its rocket-like acceleration is undergirded by its ability to swallow corners in whole gulps thanks to its near-magical handling, amazing steering feel, and huge amount of grip. although the 911 turbo doesn't offer a manual transmission, the eight-speed dual-clutch automatic is quicker and smarter than us anyway. more time with both hands at the wheel is a good idea with power like this. while we love the rear-drive 473-hp 911 with a manual transmission, that doesn't mean we'd ever say no to the quicker and more firmly-sprung 911 turbo and turbo s. review, pricing, and specs. the brz sports car is one of today's most exciting, affordable automobiles. like its toyota gr86 mechanical twin, it emphasizes driving fun. it's small, light, and nimble. that and ingredients like vivid steering feedback, a standard six-speed manual transmission, and a low seating position cook up entertainment the way only a well-honed compact rear-drive coupe can. it's these traits that earned the brz a spot on our 10best cars list. the brz is motivated by subaru's 228-hp 2.4-liter flat-four engine, which has plenty of power to move this small 2+2 briskly. inside, the brz makes an excellent case for the manual transmission with a confident-feeling, low-effort shifter. the brz's responsive handling and impressive cornering grip practically beg you to take it to an autocross weekend. but the brz is also surprisingly practical, with plenty of useful interior storage cubbies and a rear jump seat\u2014much like the one in the porsche 911\u2014capable of hauling a small fry or bags of groceries. in fact, if you fold down the rear seat, there should even be enough room to fit a second set of sticky tires, should that autocross weekend beckon. review, pricing, and specs. if we gave out an award for most improved sports car, the toyota gr86 would very possibly be the big winner. this eminently entertaining rear-wheel-drive coupe's second generation arrived in 2022 and addressed our big issue with the original model: a weak engine. the second time around, power comes from a 228-hp flat-four with plenty of mid-range power, and although a six-speed manual comes standard (and is the only way to go), a six-speed automatic is available. you won't hear us telling you to opt for it. the gr86 is small and affordable, like, say, a mazda mx-5 miata, only with a tiny porsche 911\u2013type rear seat that enables you to take small fry along. its hatchback body also affords reasonable cargo space, which the miata doesn't offer, either. the gr86's mechanical twin, the subaru brz, offers a virtually identical experience, so choosing between them ultimately comes down to which badge you prefer. as a 2+2 coupe built mainly for playtime, the gr86 does suffer from road noise, particularly on the highway, and the music produced by the boxer engine isn't exactly worth buying tickets to hear live. still, plenty of cornering grip, great balance, sharp steering, and a rev-happy engine make the gr86 fun to drive, no matter where you're going. it's everything an entry-level sports car should be. and while we don't give a most improved trophy, we did give the gr 86 something even better: a 10best award. review, pricing, and specs. toyota's halo sports car, the 2023 gr supra, delivers enough excitement, style, and drama to make up for the brand's more sedate sedans, hatchbacks, and suvs. developed and built alongside the bmw z4 convertible, the gr supra offers similar build quality and simpler\u2014but still handsome\u2014interior materials inside. the entry-level 255-hp turbocharged four-cylinder provides ample power, but we can't help but adore the ferocious, optional 382-hp turbocharged 3.0-liter bmw inline-six that makes this two-seater fly. rear-wheel drive is the only setup, and the gr supra's sure-footed chassis and sharp steering enable it to come alive on twisty roads and race courses. sure, it may borrow a little too heavily from the bmw parts bin for some toyota fanboys, and its sweptback exterior design creates some awfully large blind spots, but even so, the gr supra remains one of our favorite sports cars. it's a driver's car and an enthusiast's delight, making it a no-brainer for our annual 10best cars list. review, pricing, and specs. yes, he's still working on the 1986 nissan 300zx turbo project car he started in high school, and no, it\u2019s not for sale yet. austin irwin was born and raised in michigan, and, despite getting shelled by hockey pucks during a not-so-successful goaltending career through high school and college, still has all of his teeth. he loves cars from the 1980s and bleu, his great pyrenees, and is an active member of the buffalo wild wings community. when austin isn\u2019t working on his own cars, he\u2019s likely on the side of the highway helping someone else fix theirs. america needs more slow car chargers. check out these future evs that deliver. best 2023 mid-size pickup trucks. safest 2023 crossovers and suvs. new book celebrates the 356's diamond jubilee. two-lane to the limit by jeep cherokee. how to photograph a vehicle for bring a trailer. to spring training in a mercedes-amg e53 cabriolet. i'm afraid to start modifying my jeep. history of the electric car, 1830 to present. awesome real-life cars you can buy in lego form. collectible classic muscle cars you can afford. a part of hearst digital media. we may earn a commission for purchases made through our links. \u00a9hearst autos, inc. all rights reserved. scroll to current list. in lots of ways, 2023 is a golden age of automotive performance. in the 1990s, 290 horsepower was muscle car territory, now you can get that in a hyundai sonata. a tesla model s plaid can rocket to 60 mph at speeds only formula one and nhra drag racers enjoyed a generation ago. in this environment, however, traditional sports cars have become a rarified breed, and affordable ones even more so. in 2021, dedicated enthusiast cars starting at under $55,000 made up only 1.2% of the new vehicle market, according to motor intelligence data. if you count pricier premium sports cars the numbers get a little better, but not much. buyer preferences for suvs and trucks and the improved performance of all cars are partly to blame, but there are other factors in the decline of sports cars from their 1960s and 1970s heyday too. growing income inequality, traffic-clogged roads and changing tastes all play a part. always aimed at younger buyers, many debt-laden gen-zers can\u2019t afford to own an impractical sports car \u201cjust for fun,\u201d and an increasingly large number of them would rather go off-roading. but there\u2019s still a place for traditional sporting machines, and manufacturers know that these cars have a cultural and reputational impact beyond their sales numbers. for our list of the best sports cars of 2023, we prioritized the cars that had the best value-per-dollar ratio in terms of fun, style and features. technically, we could call these the \u201cbest affordable sports cars,\u201d but given that there are now so few, we\u2019ve lumped in purist traditional roadsters with affordable muscle machines and the more affordable entries in the larger sports car class like the toyota gr-supra. we had a few requirements: these cars could only have two doors, and they had to be rear- or all-wheel drive. sorry \u201cfour-door coupes,\u201d and hot hatches, we\u2019ll find another list for you. we also capped the list to vehicles with a starting price of under $55,000, which is a towering amount of money for a first-time buyer but roughly the traditional cutoff between \u201caffordable\u201d and \u201cluxury\u201d in this class, with inflation factored in. no fewer than five of these cars start at less than $30,000, and while enthusiasts might have balked at a four-cylinder mustang in the radwood era, none of these cars is a poor performer. for more on how we rate cars overall, see our methodologies below the list. as supply chain delays have made some models hard to get, our list still contains a mixture of 2022 and 2023 models, but aside from the gr-supra\u2019s new manual transmission and the \u201clast call\u201d editions of the dodge challenger, few of these cars get any major changes for 2023. purists will say \u201cthat\u2019s a muscle car, not a sports car,\u201d but the mustang easily covers both categories. it\u2019s still the big muscle car it\u2019s always been and still offers three levels of v8 power, but the current generation \u2018stang is also a supple and precise handler that can delight on a twisty road or racetrack that isn\u2019t a big oval. though due for a major update in 2024, it also remains a spectacular bargain. even the base four-cylinder mustangs, with their standard six-speed manual transmission and 310 horsepower, will happily dust off the 5.0 heroes of the vanilla ice era mustangs and even most of the vaunted 1960s varieties for under $30,000. subaru\u2019s brz and toyota\u2019s gr86 cost about the same and don\u2019t offer anywhere near this level of speed. upping the ante to the gt, with its 450 horsepower 5.0-liter coyote v8 adds $10,000 to the price but that\u2019s still well below anything comparable apart from the camaro, and there are even headier options too. the lower-end mustangs lose out on modern infotainment systems and certain safety features, but even modestly upgrading them gives you all the comforts and tech of a modern car. some of its features aren\u2019t even available on the camaro or manual-transmission brzs and gr86\u2019s. the mustang leads our sports car list for its combination of value, performance, style and features, and it\u2019s almost impossible to beat. #5 in\n                                            \n                                                best coupes for 2021. in its third generation since 2018, the \u201cg29\u201d bmw z4 (known for its chassis code) ditched the hefty retractable hardtop of its predecessor for a cloth top, which made it lighter and roomier, and every inch counts in a tiny roadster. one reason why the z4 does so well on this list is that it\u2019s one of the comfiest and most practical roadsters we\u2019ve ever tested. it\u2019s liveable without sacrificing performance. yes, it\u2019s a grand tourer rather than a track day terror, but it packs sonorous, powerful engines, sharp handling and open air joy. the z4 finishes much higher than its platform mate, the toyota gr-supra, because it\u2019s so easy to live with day to day, but you\u2019d expect that in what is really an entry-level luxury sports car. the z4 has the highest starting price on this list at $53,795, and the hot z4 sdrive m40i costs a cool $66,295. but you get what you pay for here, a luxurious vehicle with lots of performance and few sacrifices. the styling is a love-it-or-hate-it affair, but so is the supra and so were the first two z4s. now that the mercedes slk is gone, there are few other roadsters in the gulf between the mazda miata and porsche 718, but the z4 doesn\u2019t disappoint on fresh-air fun. it hits the same notes as the jaguar f-type and mercedes-amg sl, but does so at a lower price (and with less power as the four-cylinder sdrive30i). the downsides? there\u2019s no manual transmission and the truly quick model is out of this price range. that said, this is a fun and luxurious car, with the fanciest cabin of any of the cars on this list and the roomiest of any two-seater. z4s also hold their value and are surprisingly reliable long-term, so enjoy without worry. entirely redesigned for 2022, the bmw 2 series coupe has sadly lost its manual transmission and convertible body styles. if the used car market is a guide, however, very few enthusiasts (maybe one in ten) were actually buying the manual, and the new 2 is a ton of fun even without it. a row-your-own m2 will debut in early 2023, but there are already grumblings over its extroverted styling. in the meantime, the 230i and m240i coupes are here to satisfy, and they come with almost none of the visual baggage that internet fanbois complain about. using the same basic architecture as the controversially-styled 4 series, the 2 series coupes (not to be confused with the front-drive gran coupe) use the same engines and mechanical bits as the 4, but are lighter, smaller and more playful without the infamous schnozz. the 230i sdrive isn\u2019t fast in a straight line but it\u2019s wonderfully balanced and communicative in the way e46 3 series models were. the m240i xdrive is blindingly quick for what is not a full-on m-car and delivers herculean grip. late 2022 sees the arrival of an all-wheel drive 230i xdrive and a rear-drive m240i, and it\u2019s the lighter rear-drivers we\u2019d go for. the only downsides to this car, relative to other sports cars, are cost and features. the 230i starts out at $36,350, for which you can almost buy a v8 mustang, while the m240i cost as much as a well-optioned v8 \u2018stang or the nissan z performance. notably, the 2 series offers much of what toyota gr-supra does (apart from an optional manual) at a lower price with more practicality and luxury. lack of a manual is also a dealbreaker for some folks, but the six-speed 2023 m2 is likely to cost more than $60k. #4 in\n                                            \n                                                best coupes for 2021. a methuselah of the automotive world, the dodge challenger is now 14 model years old, but rather than withering on the vine, the big dodge has been consistently updated to make it more fun and even more over the top. mopar muscle has always been about extroverted style and heavy-hitting horsepower, and the challenger offers both. the base v6 starts out with 292 horsepower, but there are (count \u2018em) four v8 options to choose from, in 370, 485, 717 and 797 horsepower doses. the recently-arrived \u201cjailbreak\u201d models boost that last output to 807, a number unthinkable in a production car in the days of the original 426 \u201cstreet hemi.\u201d. all of these v8s are mated to fairly capable if old, mechanical pieces and the really hairy engines are all all-wheel drive, which helps tame some of their power. still, the hot challengers are more about smokey burnouts, straight-line speed and looking cool than track precision. they\u2019re all id, no ego. this car is also unique among coupes in some other ways. it has the biggest and most comfortable interior of any car on this list and the biggest trunk of any two-door car on the market that isn\u2019t a rolls-royce wraith. it\u2019s surprisingly practical and easy to live with, even as a hellcat. the downside to the challenger is that the v6 base model isn\u2019t much of a performer and is short on features. the more powerful v8s start at around $40k and the hellcats soar to a $69,000 base price and as much as $93,000 with all the options ticked. #9 in\n                                            \n                                                best coupes for 2021. nissan\u2019s classic performance standard bearer is entirely redesigned for 2023, although it builds on the same basic structure as its 370z forebear. you\u2019d never know by looking though, and thanks to its gorgeous retro-modern styling nobody will care. the look samples the most popular tropes of past zs and remixes them into a paul\u2019s boutique-style jam. all the best mechanical ingredients are there too: a 400 horsepower v6 and a six-speed manual are standard, and serious performance hardware is optional on the performance edition. of course, being based on an older chassis that has now been stiffened to give it higher limits and with an even bigger engine under the hood, the z is heavier and larger than before. it\u2019s much more of an old-school brawler than a fine scalpel of a sports car in the somewhat clinical way that the toyota gr-supra and bmw z4 are. there\u2019s also a $10,000 gulf between the base model, which starts out around $40,000, and the more desirable performance model, which crests $50k even before you get into obnoxious dealer markups. but the z is tons of fun, and it has an undeniable presence. during our test drives, we were repeatedly approached by strangers who wanted to take pictures of it and learn all about it, which doesn\u2019t happen with every sports car. it also boasts lots of modern features, including a variety of standard active-safety features that cost extra on some rivals or are missing altogether. styling is subjective, but the z is a standout from a driving enjoyment and visual perspective. riding the same platform as the bmw z4 but sporting a slinky coupe body, the toyota supra is a precision machine that\u2019s lots of fun to fling around on a track or a twisty road. it\u2019s also really quick with the straight six. like the platform itself, both the supra\u2019s 2.0-liter four-cylinder and 3.0-liter six are borrowed from bmw (shared with the z4 and closely related to the engines in the 2 series), but there\u2019s nothing wrong with that. the 255-horsepower four-cylinder isn\u2019t as fast as the 382-hp six, but both engines are gloriously revvy, responsive powerplants. 2023 brings a manual transmission option on six-cylinder models too, which the z4 doesn\u2019t have (yet) and which allows drivers to wring the absolute maximum amount of fun out of this car\u2019s capable chassis. there\u2019s more than enough power, too, for drifting antics and serious track times.\u00a0 the extroverted styling mines some classic cues from the 1960s 2000 gt and fast and furious mkiv supra while going in a unique and modern direction. it isn\u2019t retro like the z or the detroit muscle cars. so why does the supra finish lower than the z4? it\u2019s very cozy inside its clinical-feeling cabin, it\u2019s hard to get in and out of and the sight lines aren\u2019t great. and you won\u2019t get out the door with a six for less than $53,000, which is more than a v8 mustang or the z performance and not so far away from the fancier, more comfortable bmw. still, the supra feels more upscale than the z or the americans and it\u2019s much faster and more exclusive than the gr-86. even the four-cylinder supra is a credible rival to four-cylinder porsche caymans. toyota\u2019s gr86 and it\u2019s subaru twin, the brz, were redesigned into their second generation laster year, but the changes were closer to major improvements than a complete rethink. few have complained because the updates only made already smile-inducing cars even more fun.\u00a0 answering the clamoring of enthusiasts, the pair got an 11% increase in horsepower and 17% increase in torque over the old car. better yet, peak torque comes much lower in the power band, at 3,700 rpm instead of 6,400. both cars got new, if evolutionary, styling and their shell was made 50% more rigid than the first-generation cars. all of this just made one of the cars better without compromising weight, image or handling. as before, there are manual and automatic versions of both, but most enthusiasts choose the manual. at both toyota and subaru that means forgoing almost all of the excellent driver-assist gear that\u2019s offered on the automatics, but most sports car purists want fewer electronic driving aids, not more. the car\u2019s downsides also remain the same. they\u2019re noisy, the driving position isn\u2019t for everyone, and gas mileage is strictly so-so. almost identical except for some minor variations in trim and equipment, the gr86 beats out the brz on our list by being about $1,000 cheaper off the lot. redesigned this year, the brz and its toyota twin, the gr86 look sharper, go faster and have higher dynamic limits than ever before, even if the \u201credesign\u201d is mostly a really big update. the brz gets more extroverted looks, mainly in the form of a big, grinning grille, but there are other differences. each car gets its own suspension damping settings, different anti-roll bars and, on the subaru, a rear sway bar that\u2019s entirely different and mounted in a different location than on the gr86. the consensus is that the gr86 is a little easier to drift, and the brz is a little more precise in turns, but we encourage driving both before you buy. in either case, there\u2019s lots of fun to be hand and, happily, more standard power than ever, with 228 horsepower and 184 pound-feet of torque, and the torque comes much lower in the rev band than before, the better for flooring it out of an apex and not having to listen to the raucous flat four near its redline. both cars are noisy inside, gas mileage is middling and only automatic-transmission versions get subaru\u2019s excellent eyesight safety suite. they\u2019re surprisingly practical though if you count the rear seat as cargo space which, as porsche 911 owners know, you should. the brz costs slightly more than the gr86 and both are undercut by the ecoboost mustang, but for pure joy, the toyobaru twins are hard to beat. in 1989, the mazda mx-5 miata was a revelation. today, it\u2019s an institution. back then, hiroshima shocked the traditionalist sports car world by offering all the same virtues as the classic mgb and lotus elan while bundling in rock-solid japanese reliability. even lotus themselves found it hard to compete with their front-wheel drive elan m100. fast forward to 2022 and the miata is little changed even though it has been redesigned four times since then. this evergreen car has never abandoned its core values, it\u2019s a pure small sports car, simple and light. it isn\u2019t all that fast in a straight line, and the miata\u2019s light, sensitive steering and short wheelbase can be irritating on a superhighway, but oh, put down that top and hit a twisty canyon road and there\u2019s little to top it. this car offers precise handling that communicates with the driver more directly than almost any other mainstream production car, and if you\u2019re not too tall it\u2019s even reasonably comfy. mazda has also engineered a retractable hardtop version and bundled in some modern active-safety features while still managing to keep it very affordable. of course, the same drawbacks of classic roadsters remain. it\u2019s noisy, and your life must fit into the very tiny space afforded to driver, passenger and cargo (the trunk offers only five cubic-feet of space). its lack of practicality costs its overall rating some points in our evaluations, but the miata is an all-time great from a performance standpoint. of the three detroit muscle machines on this list, the camaro might be the best handling and most capable on the track. it offers a sparkling array of powertrains including four-cylinder, v6 and v8 options of up to 650 horsepower, and the mighty zl-1 range topper is practically made for n\u00fcrburgring lapping. it\u2019s also very affordable, often undercutting the challenger and mustang on price, model for model, to say nothing of the pricier z and gr-supra. so why\u2019s it so far down on the list? features, or lack thereof, and its cramped, dark interior. the camaro is a joy to drive even in base-model form and from a performance standpoint it\u2019s no slouch even if the hottest mustangs and challengers boast higher horsepower numbers. but the chop-top roof and acres of dark plastic feel confining, even when you spring for lighter-colored upholstery on the higher trims. there are no standard safety features at all, even with automatic transmissions, and it offers a pretty small array of such gear even if you do want it. this car is also the least practical of the muscle car trio, with the smallest back seat and trunk. it\u2019s true that buyers don\u2019t prioritize those things in such a car, but in a car so much larger than a subaru brz, you\u2019d expect more, and the limited space makes it harder to live with. #8 in\n                                            \n                                                best coupes for 2021. it\u2019s a two-door sports car and convertible, but the audi tt isn\u2019t quite like the other cars on this list. as it has been since 1998, this teardrop-shaped sportster shares its platform with the volkswagen gti. actually, the previous-generation gti, on the volkswagen group\u2019s mqb platform, as the tt was new in 2014 and hasn\u2019t really changed too much since. the timeless look also dates to the 1998 original, by designer freeman thomas, and has aged very well indeed. tt coupes get a nominal back seat that folds down to reveal a capacious hatch area, but droptops are two-seaters only. every tt comes with audi\u2019s capable quattro all-wheel drive system and there are two engine choices, the 228-horsepower tt and 288-horsepower tts, both using seven-speed dual-clutch automatics. sadly, manuals are no longer available.\u00a0 the tt coupe\u2019s practicality game is strong by small sports car standards and it\u2019s a very easy car to live with and it\u2019s still lots of fun to drive, but it isn\u2019t nearly as fast as any of the similarly-priced cars on this list. the base tt starts out at $51,595 and for that much, a v8 mustang or nissan z will eat it for lunch at the track. we sorted our sports cars primarily by their dollars-to-fun ratio, but overall performance and practicality were also serious considerations. a sports car be lots of fun on a track, but if it costs the earth and isn\u2019t easy to live with, those demerits can make them unpleasant companions. depth of features for the price, particularly modern active-safety equipment, was another factor in how we ranked the cars. to qualify for the list, each sports car could only have two doors and the model\u2019s starting price had to fall below $55,000. almost all of the vehicles on this list start even lower, so this could easily be a list of \u201cthe best sports cars for under $50,000\u201d if the z4 and tt were shown the door. while $50,000 was once the threshold between \u201caffordable\u201d and \u201cluxury\u201d sports cars, with recent inflation rates factored in, we\u2019ve set the bar a little higher. our overall rating methodology has expanded from five to seven categories for 2022 and remains the same in 2023. for 2023, our rating categories are:. 1. performance\n2. fuel economy\n3. safety\n4. infotainment\n5. comfort & room\n6. cargo space & storage\n7. style & design. the forbes wheels team is committed to bringing you unbiased, unvarnished information about new and used vehicles, automotive accessories, the vehicle buying process and the fast-evolving technology in today\u2019s automobiles. our vehicle and accessory reviews are backed by decades of experience and a team of dozens of veteran automotive experts from all walks of life. we create our rankings using published, data-driven methodologies and our direct experiences. while we sometimes participate in manufacturer-hosted events, we also independently source and test vehicles and accessories. for partnership inquiries please reach out to us at\n            partnerships@forbeswheels.com. edmunds' experts test 200 vehicles per year on our test track. we also test them using a 115-mile real-world test loop of city streets, freeways and winding canyons. the data we gather results in our ratings. they\u2019re based on 30-plus scores that cover performance, comfort, interior, technology, utility and value. the subaru brz reminds us all that you don't need to spend a fortune to have a great drive. whether you're an inexperienced driver or a seasoned pro, the brz offers enjoyment for every skill level. the gr86 is a back-to-basics sports car in the best way. it's fun to drive, reasonably priced and somewhat practical. it can be a bit noisy and stiff-riding at times, but those downsides are easy to live with, considering all of the car's other outstanding attributes. the corvette went mid-engine for 2020 and is the hottest new sports car on the market. chevrolet has taken its performance icon and improved it in nearly every way. it's bonkers fast, it handles beautifully, manages traffic and daily errands well, and is still (relatively) affordable. the porsche 911 is the product of relentless evolution. its rear engine placement is unique in the motoring world, and its instantly recognizable styling is complemented by outstanding driving dynamics. the 911 remains a benchmark among sports cars. the porsche 718 cayman gt4 is all about high-performance driving enjoyment. look no further if you seek exemplary handling and steering unsullied by the latest technological enhancements. the gt3 is not only the ultimate expression of the 911 but of the porsche brand itself. its competency on the track extends to everyday life on the road, but the gt3 truly comes into its own when you find yourself on a racetrack. only there can you experience the might of porsche's advanced engineering and fully bask in the sound of a flat-six engine wailing away at 9,000 rpm. the lamborghini huracan evo combines disorienting levels of acceleration and handling performance with a composed and comfortable ride and a well-finished interior to become a true everyday supercar. the m8 competition is bmw's tour de force. it shows that bmw still has what it takes to make a beast of a performance car but one with satisfying comfort and luxury. edmunds' experts test 200 vehicles per year on our test track. we also test them using a 115-mile real-world test loop of city streets, freeways and winding canyons. the data we gather results in our ratings. they\u2019re based on 30-plus scores that cover performance, comfort, interior, technology, utility and value. receive pricing updates, shopping tips & more! download the edmunds app. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. not sure what you want? find your perfect car with our\n\ncar chooser. high-quality sports cars from rated and reviewed dealers. fans of sports cars have arguably never had it this good, that\u2019s because there are tons of great options out there to pick from. whether you\u2019re interested in a small two-seater, luxurious convertible or track-ready mid-engine monster, we have you covered. the term \u2018sports car\u2019 generally refers to a car that has been designed to offer above-average performance in both acceleration and handling. common traits found in sports cars include a low-slung two-door body style, two-seater layout and powerful engines. sports cars can, however, be just about any configuration and there are many popular sports saloons that can take a family of four and their luggage while still offering pulverising performance. the word \u2018coupe\u2019 refers to a two-door body style, so a coupe can definitely be a sports car. however, this body style is used in everything from budget cars to ultra-luxurious grand tourers, so not every coupe is automatically classified as a sports car. if you enjoy driving and don\u2019t mind a bit of a compromise in practicality or ride comfort, then a sports car is a great choice. some sports cars like the bmw m5 manage to combine both luxury and sportiness into one very usable package, while other cars like the porsche 718 cayman are purely designed for driving enjoyment and don\u2019t offer much in the way of practicality. if you are on a tight budget then a mazda mx-5 is a great choice, it isn\u2019t the quickest sports car but it handles superbly and is affordable to run. judging from recent reliability surveys, the audi tt, bmw 2 series and mazda mx-5 all scored highly in this regard. the porsche 911 has also proven to be reliable in recent years while toyota\u2019s reputation for building solid and reliable cars should see the lexus lc convertible perform well in the coming years. with such a broad range of sports cars on sale right now, prices vary greatly. a mazda mx-5 is one of the most affordable sports cars with a starting price of \u00a324,755.00 for the base model, while a porsche taycan turbo s starts at \u00a3 139,280.00. for something like an entry-level porsche 718 cayman or jaguar f-type, pricing starts from \u00a346,540 to \u00a356,035 respectively. while the exact pricing will be influenced by an individuals\u2019 risk profile, vehicle-specific factors that can push up insurance costs include cars with very powerful engines, expensive price tags and ones that are capable of rapid acceleration. seeing as most sports cars tick a lot of these boxes, they tend to be more expensive to insure than less sporty vehicles. *\nplease contact the dealer for a personalised quote, including terms and conditions. quote is subject to dealer requirements, including status and availability. illustrations are based on personal contract hire, 9 month upfront fee, 48 month term, 8000 miles annually, inc vat, excluding fees. vehicle returned at term end. average savings are calculated daily based on the best dealer prices on carwow vs manufacturer rrp.\u00a0 carwow is the trading name of carwow ltd,\u00a0which is authorised and regulated by the financial conduct authority for credit broking\u00a0and insurance distribution\u00a0activities (firm reference number: 767155). carwow is a credit broker and not a lender. carwow may receive a fee from retailers advertising finance and may receive a commission from partners (including dealers) for introducing customers. all finance offers and monthly payments shown are subject to application and status.\u00a0carwow is covered by the financial ombudsman service (please see\u00a0www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk\u00a0for more information). carwow ltd is registered in england (company number 07103079),\u00a0registered office\u00a02nd floor, verde building, 10 bressenden place, london, england, sw1e 5dh. 2023 is bringing awesome sports cars. here are the ones you should seriously consider. the automotive industry is rapidly evolving. companies inundate us daily with new concepts and fresh approaches to the automobile. while many commuter cars are now using electrification to increase performance, enthusiasts who purchase sports cars will predictably be more resistant to change. in response to the new automotive world, manufacturers are taking on their biggest challenge yet, creating a sports car that can exist in a green future and appeal to traditional buyers. some companies are rapidly investing in developing true drivers evs with the tactile feedback enthusiasts crave. in comparison, other manufacturers plan to cling to analog technology as long as possible. regardless of which of these you prefer, these sports cars prove that it is definitely an exciting time to be in the automotive world. the iconic sl returns for the 2023 model year with captivating styling and a traditionalist approach mechanically. americans can choose between two flavors at launch: the sl55 and the sl63. both versions utilize a 4.0-liter twin-turbo v8. the sl55 variant produces 469 horsepower, and sl63 produces 577 horsepower. both are sure to satisfy long-term sl lovers. the sl gets a back seat for the first time, though it is not helpful for much more than luggage. still, an average size adult could probably squeeze if the front seat passenger was cozy with the dash. now that the gt coupe and the s-class cabrio are gone, mercedes-benz is aiming the new sl at the former customers as both, a melding of the two as they try to consolidate their myriad of model classes and trims. despite a backseat, the sl retains roadster styling, and the proportions are much better than the sixth generation car. inside, the dashboard is nearly identical to the full-size s-class, and the quality is miles above the previous generation car. overall, mercedes-benz did an excellent job honoring the storied nameplate and proves v8 toys can coexist with electric siblings. related: the mercedes-amg sl 43 is the entry-level model of the newly developed roadster icon. the coveted z06 badge returns to the corvette in 2023 with the performance to match. while many historic corvette fans are still slow to accept the mid-engine c8, several attributes will lend to helping consumers embrace the new flagship. the z06 features the highest naturally-aspirated v8 ever built, with 670 horsepower going to the rear wheels through an 8-speed automatic transmission. a 0-60 time of 2.6-seconds proves that the v8 isn't quite ready to be put out to pasture and is in line with many hybrid and electric supercars that utilize the instant torque of electric motors to attain such quick off-the-line times. the starting msrp of $103,300 also gives consumers a lot of car for the money. production for the z06 kicks off in bowling green, kentucky, in a few months. the 'z' moniker has ridden on japanese sports cars since the release of the nissan 240z in 1969, and after a brief hiatus, the z returns for 2023. the all-new two-passenger sports coupe doesn't feature any numerals for the first time. the coupe plays off its datsun roots with sleek lines, a sloping roof, and rounded headlights. under the hood, the new coupe is the sure apex of the z family with a twin 400-horsepower v-6 which also makes an appearance in the infiniti q60. a six-speed manual is standard to the relief of enthusiasts, while a 7-speed automatic is optional. at a starting price of just over $38,000, the all-new z is a bargain when it comes to spiritedly sports coupes. we look forward to learning more about its driving dynamics when it arrives on our shores this fall. related: check out the new nissan z as a classic 240z throwback. while the entire aston martin lineup benefits from refreshes for the 2023 model year, few are as exciting as the limited edition v12 vantage. as the name implies, there is more going on than fancy bodywork. for the first time since the last generation, the famous aston martin 5.2-liter twin-turbo v12 finds its way into aston martins' smallest coupe. the car's design is a farewell to the v12 with a limited edition run of just 330 vehicles, with a price tag surpassing $300,000. however, the staggering base msrp is not enough to dissuade aston martin loyalists, as the order book for north america is already closing. while this will not be the last v12 put into an aston martin, it will be the last one in a vantage. an electric successor to the current vantage is due in 2024. related: 10 things aston martin owners will never tell you. the honda civic type r returns for the 2023 model year better than before. continuing on the badge's 30-year history, the type r sets new benchmarks in the entry-level performance field. with nurburgring tuning and a stiffer body, the new type r is the apex of the long-standing family. a 2.0-liter feeds power through an improved six-speed manual to create a driving experience truly built around the car enthusiast. power output will get a bump from the previous year, probably around 10 horsepower more. meanwhile, winged sports seats keep front occupants in place while rowing through sharp curves. while shocking colors like boost blue and rallye red ensure the new type r gets all of the attention it deserves. the type r will have a starting msrp of $42,895. during our review, we called it the best fwd car in the world. randy gardner is a writer, entrepreneur, and general car nut based in orlando, florida. randy was born into the car scene, spending his entire childhood hunting down and restoring classic cars with his father. from 1950s mopars to 1980s saabs, it's no surprise his primary focus is on the unloved underdogs of the car world. randy began contributing to hot cars in march of 2021.  damn, would i love to be on this journey!  there are *many* correct answers to this question, but when it comes to driving dynamics there is no replacement for a true sports car.  yes the modern sport sedans are fast and fun in their own right, but will never come close to the feeling of driving something that was designed from the ground up for performance first. here is my recommendations, from cheapest to most expensive:1. miata, brz/ 862. boxster, cayman, m2, performance versions of the camaro and mustang 3. 911, certain m3\u2019s, corvette z064. 911 gt3, cayman gt4. - there is nothing else even worth considering in this price point. for a front engine car, nothing has made me smile like a gt350. unless you're able to afford a higher end amg gt or v12 ferrari, i'd pick the mustang.cayman/boxter are definitely the benchmark for a mid engine sportscar, i've never really heard anyone speak ill of them in terms of handling or being fun to drive.any 911 you can afford will offer the unique experience of a 911, although it may be best to try an older one so it feels a bit more rewarding to drive.there's also probably a lot to be said for one of the older (manual) mid engine ferrari or lamborghinis in terms of fun, and actually being able to push the car to 7 or 8 tenths on a backroad.last but not least, miata.i may have missed something, but i doubt you'd be sad about buying anything on this list for a weekend fun car. i think for the money my favorite sports car right now is somewhere in the realm of a 718 cayman gts 4.0 wrx and m2 chassis still based off of normal sedan. try dedicated sports car like boxster/miata/etc classic two seat great handling convertible is the mazda miata depends on what benchmarks. but pure driving i would say the miata or cayman. fellow m2 comp owner here, i\u2019d say you\u2019d get the most \u201cdifferent\u201d fun car experience from something lightweight with a lot of feel in the controls. try a miata, 86, a cayman/boxster or an s2000. top down motoring is a great feeling if you can swing it as well.i love my m2, it has some pretty incredible handling characteristics. most notably, the way in which it loses and regains traction in the rear is\u2026chefs kiss good. it\u2019s also a beast in a straight line.what you miss out on is feedback from the wheel/transmission (6mt) and a sort of relaxed ease with which a well sorted sports car goes around corners. the m2c turns in like crazy\u2026because it\u2019s suspension is super stiff and the steering ratio is fast and it\u2019s on 19 inch wheels with tiny sidewalls. a ground up sports car can replicate those reflexes without it feeling \u201cforced.\u201d that\u2019s not to say that\u2019s always preferable (you pay the price in practicality) but it is worth experiencing.i think the camaro and mustang are great cars, awesome all around performance machines. but in my mind they sit in the same class as the m2, with a little more brawn and a bit more size. i don\u2019t think you\u2019ll notice the kind of dramatic difference you\u2019d see in a sub 3k lb sports car in the proper layout.another option that would be fun are old sport compact cars from the more analog era. ek and earlier civic si, first generation dodge neon, b13 sentra se-r\u2026these cars have a ton of feel and really give you the confidence to push them right up to the (relatively low in stock form) limits of grip. absolutely worth experiencing. gt350. hands down spoiled the sports car experience for me. i cant stand my scion tc (its a manual too) and i am planning on replacing it with the new civic type r or the integra type s. it won't nearly be as loud but it does a good job and replicating everything else of the gt350, should feel about the same in speed. its also a different drivetrain too so i am eager to feel the differences between fwd and rwd to become an experienced driver. a lot of folks will list the cayman/boxster, but i will add the qualifier that the base and often \"s\" variant of the cayman/boxster haven't been benchmark cars for driving dynamics since the 987.2.  they're more gt cars than true road feel like the 4c or lotus evora.the most fun i've had in a car under 40k has been in an e89 z4, but i also can't fit in a miata. what\u2019s your realistic budget? a 911 gt3 is probably the best there is for the experience. if i had 50k to blow i'd be considering 3ish options.  a 997 911s.  a newer boxster or cayman.  or i'd go in the other direction and get a new mustang gt and supercharge it for 6-700 horsepower. i would look at the bmw m240i, c7 corvette, porsche cayman, chevy camaro, and ford mustang gt. and your budget is? what is your budget?muscle car (challengers), raw sport (miatas) luxury sport (rc f), super car (nsx, mclaren)?you already have an s5 do you like it? maybe stick with audi? tt rs? rs5?give us something! i\u2019m with u/hcearwick on the lotus suggestion, although it doesn\u2019t have to be an elise - you could go exige or if you\u2019re willing to buy higher miles, an evora. i own an elise and you just cannot get better performance for the price, and imo they are dramatically better than the alfa 4c. i\u2019ve driven the alfa and was not at all impressed, the shifts are laggy and somehow there is even less useable space than in my lotus.things like a 911 are great - i do love a good 911 - but lotus is much more unique. might be stretching your budget but you can get a alfa 4c that's a couple years old for around $50k you could see about an early jaguar f-type.  you'll be able to get a nice 6-cylinder, and maybe a decent v8 version for $50k shelby gt350. best sports car for the money hands down.  2019 mustang gt 10speed 401a package. i daily drive mine and couldn\u2019t be happier. you can get new for around 40k. great car for money cayman - it will be a very different driving experience from your s5. immensely satisfying on a windy road (esp. so with the 6 speed).  porsche 911.it has always looked great. it has always performed well. it has always been a dream car. it has also been usable as a dd.it has always sounded great. it has history and prestige. it's just a bit out there. it's flawed,  but endures. it has withstood the test of time. i hope i can own one one day. i've been dreaming of it since before i can remeber. i can't remeber a time where i didn't have a toy or model 911 turbo to fantasize with. my perfect dream car is a red 964 turbo s, but in reality i'd be ecstatic with any 911. unfortunately i'll probably never drive, let alone own any 911. i mean, i've probably only seen a dozen or so in real life, ever. upstate ny sucks, with all its snow and poverty.  rx-7 because i'm obsessed with them.  actually though, the datsun 240z (260s and 280s also qualify).  really the first \"poor man's ferrari\" of the modern era (i suppose you could say xk120 but whatever).  a earth-shatteringly good car at earth-shattering price.  in many ways i think cars like the fr-s don't really trace back to the 2000 gt but rather to the z.  the datsun z: the father of all good cheap sports cars.   am i gonna be the one to say miata?they're simple, inexpensive to own and run, purposefully designed, and fun as all hell to drive.  this is easy. the porsche 911. 50 years of history and pretty much every one of them is a special and great car.  viper rt-10. i'm actually a big fan of corvettes. i'm not saying miata, but... miata. i didn't notice the no super cars. if we're looking sports car only clearly the nsx. not only was it an engineering marvel at the time it was an amazing vehicle better the most super cars but overlooked because of the honda name. the nsx would definitely be my choice of sports car even today. skyline.  first official sport model started in the early 60s.  it is the japanese version of europe's 911 and america's corvette.  rich history in both racing and production models.   the cayman is a super badass car and a good pick for your budget. i would also look at the bmw true m cars like the m3 or m4. there's also the better looking and bigger engine m5 and m8 but those would fall outside the budget. something else surprisingly fun are electric cars, as their instant torque makes for crazy speed. if i had one other recommendation it'd be the new corvette but i'm pretty sure those along with other gm cars are on mass backorder with inflated msrp's can you find a cayman with the 6-cylinder for that price? they usually suffer frum huge mark-ups.corvette cayman gts would be my pick. lotus emira would also be a good contender. i don't know how much the lexus lc500 costs in the uk, but in the usa its 100k usd. maybe 110k with options and one basically fully loaded.even if you'd have to stretch your budget a bit or save up a bit more money, i'd say you should get an lexus lc500 since its amazing.god, that v8 is amazing sounding (both the engine and its stock exhaust). the 2nd gen r8 in my opinion is like better than the gts. or also you can find few 570s for this price. if you're okay with a sports sedan, alfa giulia quadrifoglio. massively fun to drive, the backseat isn't entirely useless and the boot can fit a few bags. i miss mine so much.510 hp, 3.8 to 60. cayman gts is an almost perfect car :) i happily own one tooim happy for you man, come join the club buy 4 camry\u2019s instead/s why not test drive a nissan r35 gt-r? i\u2019ve owned a ton of sports cars like the c63, m3, m4 etc. and i currently own a r35 gt-r. hands down the best sports cars i\u2019ve ever owned so far. used amg gts miata, brz true front engine rwd: brz/gr86/gt86/frs, miata, pontiac gto, nissan 350z, older mustangs, camaro, really old corvettesfwd sporty hatchbacks: gti, si coup\u00e9, fiat abarth, focus st new cars : none should be able to find a nice mustang gt for under 25k. might get downvoted but just wanted to present everyone with [this](https://youtu.be/z3mhs_tzpba) argument\u2026op is asking for a real sports car. i've seen e46 m3s and s2000s in that range \"miata\" said everyone ever the acura rsx type s is pretty nice too s2000 if you can find one under that in this nuts market. the boxster and turbo 944 are both on my list as well. best at what? you can't get everything in one car. miata brz etc.  consider hot hatches if you are okay with fwd. mini focus golf etc https://www.thedrive.com/news/42935/barebones-2022-toyota-gr-86-comes-with-steelies-and-two-speaker-audiogr86 not sure what these people are smoking. 5-8k isn\u2019t getting you really any sports car now especially an 86/brz/frs. your best bet for that money is probably american, sn95 mustang gt or a 4th gen camaro probably one with the lt1 v8. you can get a miata for that budget, maybe an older mr2 but that will require some work most likely obligatory miatanow that\u2019s over, you\u2019ll have to define \u201cquick\u201d since most cars on here are quick like the miata is: feels fast enough to have fun, but could lose to an attentive minivan. the sn95 mustangs were quick for the times but slow for today, the s197 v6 is the same way (and probably close to this range). everything other people mentioned works. maybe an eclipse as well. c4 corvette, 90's model, stay away from the tune port. lol why is this nsfwmiata, mazda3, honda civic, ideally with a manual transmission. nissan 350zacura rsxcivic si miata if it exists, an adult owned unmodified 350z ....miata.also cheap/reliable/quick choose two. dude. 2007. subaru. hawkeye. impreza. or if you\u2019re lucky you\u2019ll find a cheap wrx lexus rcf/ lc well the lotus exige has a 2gr v6 which can also be found in aurions, klugers, and hiluxes. new z mx5 or new gen 86 toyota camry with minor bumper damage no more than $150k?  manual 981 cayman. https://www.carsales.com.au/cars/details/2013-porsche-cayman-981-manual/sse-ad-14093845you might sneak into a cayman gt4 for that money mx-5 is always the answer nissan gtr or basically anything designed & built in japan boxsters can be fun. some people turn up their noses at them, i drove one in the adelaide hills a while back, it was great fun. i own a brz (aka 86) and a friend owns an 86 from new.neither of us have had a single mechanical issue. bought \\~12-18months apart. the itali gto is the top car in the sports class for lap time, for top speed the comet s2 is the fastest if you use the lowered stance option and low grip tires. it can't brake or turn in that configuration though. gto is still the king gto for fastest lap time around most tracks, pariah for top speed and racing capability, comet s2 with lowered suspension option and low grip tires for solely top speed capability, cyclone for acceleration. italy gto and italy rsx are beast! the ocelot pariah is good, maybe not the fastest out of the sports cars i can't remember, but it's a really good car, sounds good and its my go to car to drive around in. looks nice too pariah is a great car.. not alot of customisation but great performance! i've heard that the italian got dominates sports races. i've only driven it once though, but i see why they say that depends what do you like. you interested in a sports sedan? wait for the cypher, try the v-str / 8f / jugular / komoda. you want luxurious cars? try the revolter, pragon r. two-door cars? jester rr, schlagen gt, the pfisters.my personal favorite? the d10 and zorruso (i know it\u2019s super) both with the tops removed. fr-s/brz miata with the top down. and some eye protection lol. 370z your height is going to be a deciding factor, most any sporty car is going to be low and a pain in the ass to get in and out of. might have headroom issues as well, on top of leg/knee room.you may want to focus more on a well rounded sporty sedan or larger coupe than a pure 'sports car.' non-sti wrx. got a used mkvi gti. all of the rwd options are great but having something with fwd that handles well and goes fast is better to learn on than something with rwd. frz86, g35/350z, v6 mustangs and camaros, etc. if you can deal with german shit then a mercedes made in the last 15 years could be good. same for bmws. your height is the hardest part to work around hahaha. 6\u20196 is massive. you might just have to squish yourself into a car and deal with it. hopefully not though. 1989 ford escort gt. mazdaspeed 3, i am biased bc i own one (check post history) but you can get a damn clean one for $13-$15k, 6spd manual, limited slip diff, 260hp 4cyl turbo with a mean exhaust note, and plenty modifiable plus it\u2019s a hot hatch, and hot hatches are cool 8th gen civic si. you won\u2019t even come close to your budget and i promise you it\u2019s an amazingly fun car to drive. i wish i never got rid of mine. then you can save money up for a coyote motor mustang or a c6 vette. datsun 240z! not sure how many heads will be turned, but there're oodles of na (89-98 yr models, i think) miatas running around, getting beaten on hard, racing, etc... and having owned a throwaway $800 '96 for a few months that just wouldn't die, they are totally worth it. nothing more fun than a beater sportscar. nothing other than the motor and transmission worked right, but it was *glorious*, and would drift all the corners at 30 mph! as the other bloke as said, nothing us going to be perfect. just pick something with heaps of aftermarket support and that was very popular in its time. makes parts cheaper and easily available when they break.  a list i put together a few month ago in a different thread. sporty cars, some of which may be sports cars too.i don't cover everything, reliability varies at this age, and the budget was between $5-10k, but at least it can give you some ideas.**asian imports*** toyota/lexus: ma70 supra, celica, st185-earlier, ae86 corolla, sc300/400, gs300, ls400* nissan/infiniti: z-car, from z32-earlier, rwd sx coupes, s14-earlier, sentra/200sx se-r, m30, q45, g20, j30* mitsubishi: 3000gt, starion, 1st gen eclipse, galant vr-4* honda/acura: eg & ef civic, prelude, da integra, legend* mazda: miata, rx-7s, mx-3, mx-5, protege 5 or mp3**domestic*** ford/lincoln/mercury/merkur: mustang, thunderbird, escort gt, crown victoria police interceptor, f-150 lightning, mkvii, mkviii, cougar, xr4ti* gm: corvette, f-body, g-body, b-body, syclone/typhoon, 454 ss, el camino/caballero* mopar: stealth, neon acr, anything with a turbo 2.2-2.5l. i dunno, someone else can cover this.**euro*** bmw: e30, e36, e24, e28, e34, e39* vw: golf & jetta, up to mkiii* audi: maybe try an a4 1.8t older corvettes? 240s, 300zx. just choose one, none of them will be \"reliable\" persay. old things break, that's just how it works. find one that's easy to work on, and parts readily available. that's what you should he looking for. oh and a nice, clean, version of the car you decide on reliable + head turning, lets see.c4+ corvette ( tons and **tons** of aftermarket parts for the ls engines in the c5s and late 4th gen f-bodies )3rd or 4th gen f-body. a clean f-body will always bring compliments since their rival mustangs are infinitely more common.clean 4th gen mustanganything with a buick 3.8l v6 in it but those aren't exactly sports cars.as far as domestic cars are concerned, thats pretty much all there is thats reliable in the sub 15k range. honda del sol if you can find an unmolested one. or one at all.[here's mine!] (http://imgur.com/a/l3ecj#4qdmwa7) the s2000 is a great reliable roadster, can be had with a hard top, and it just great fun.  how come nobody said porsche yet?! they're some of the most reliable cars you can get. old and reliable is almost an oxymoron and the nsx being the outlier. if you need reliability (aka only car) i say get something newer. foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] [applause] foreign [music] [music] thank you foreign [music] [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] lives [music] what's up in the back [music] foreign foreign [music] [music] foreign [music]  what are the best sports cars that you can buy in the market right now that's what we're gonna find out welcome to crop corner where we help you the consumer master the process of car buying and car ownership in this video we're gonna go through some of the absolute best sports cars that you can buy brand new in the market right now so whether you're shopping on a budget or not and wondering what are some of the best performance cars and sports cars that you can buy on the market right now make sure to stick around until the end this video and if you enjoy and get value out of this video make sure to subscribe to my channel i post two videos a week always straight to the point valuable car buying advice designed to help you the consumer so before we get into some of the more affordable sports cars further down the list i want to start things off with one of the most iconic cars that you can buy on the market right now which is the one that i'm test driving here the porsche 911 i don't think any sports car list would be complete without including the porsche 911 it is an absolute icon and one of the longest running sports cars available on the market you can get the 911 in a huge variety of different options depending on your budget and what you're looking for from the entry-level carrera to the enthusiast-oriented gt3 to the absolute bonkers turbo s but if you want a 911 that blends the both worlds something that gives you the best of both extremes then you're probably going to want to take a look at the one that i'm test driving here which is the carrera gts the gts gives you the maximum amount of performance available in the 911 without having to go to the extreme level of the gt cars or the turbo s and it is a seriously quick car delivering close to 480 horsepower from a 3 liter flat 6 engine with a 0 to 60 time of around 4 seconds and what's great about this car is that you can still get it with the choice between either a pdk paddle shift transmission or a 7 speed manual gearbox which is a choice that you don't get with a lot of high-end sports cars and of course it delivers the amazing handling the balance and precision that you would expect from a 911 but it doesn't sacrifice anything when it comes to luxury comfort and everyday usability either if you want maximum performance and fun combined with everyday comfort and luxury and the prestige of the porsche brand then it really doesn't get much better than a 911 but then again with a car that can cost well over six figures as this one does i'm sure you would expect to have all of that there are plenty of amazing performance cars that you can buy for far less money than this so let's move on to the next car on the list which is number five the nissan z now much like the 911 the nissan z is a bit of an icon itself the model has been around for many decades and nissan has brought it back for 2023 with a modern updated design that still combines a lot of the classic elements from the old car the major news is the use of a new twin turbo 3 liter v6 engine that delivers 400 horsepower and can be combined with either a 9-speed automatic or a standard 6-speed manual gearbox even though much of the chassis is a carryover from the previous generation model it's still a blast to drive and delivers impressive handling some of the interior bits are carryover parts from the old car as well but with a fresh brand new design and modern technology to make this a more usable sports car to use every day i think the new z is a fantastic package and a good value for what nissan is asking but you're also going to get an amazing value with the number 4 sports car on the list which is the ford mustang gt the mustang is the type of sports car that needs no introduction if you're looking for something that's a little bit more old school with a muscle car character then the mustang is the one to have the gt variant is the best one in the lineup if you're looking for maximum performance it gives you a 5 liter v8 engine with 460 horsepower and a choice of either a 10-speed automatic or a 6-speed manual gearbox the sound of that v8 engine is absolutely incredible and it delivers impressive acceleration too and even though the mustang is quite a large and heavy car it still delivers impressive handling too and if you don't need all the performance that you get with the v8 engine in the gt you could just go for the regular model with the four cylinder ecoboost engine and you also have a choice between either a hard top or a convertible as well the mustang offers a little bit of something for everybody and for the price point that ford is asking it really is a good buy but if you are looking for more of a dedicated sports car that's just a little bit more focused in terms of its handling and performance then let's move on to car number three on the list which is the toyota supra much like the z and the mustang if you're shopping in that fifty to sixty thousand dollar price range you're not going to find a sports car that's much better than the toyota supra now for those who are familiar with the super will know that this is largely a bmw platform underneath the skin not only the chassis but also the full engine and transmission too but that's no bad thing because the 3 liter turbo inline 6-cylinder engine in the supra is a monster engine it produces close to 400 horsepower and gives you a 0-60 time of around 4 seconds which is just as fast as the porsche 911 and for 2023 you're even going to be able to get the supra with the choice of either an 8-speed automatic or a 6-speed manual gearbox which is a great option to see but as impressive as that drivetrain is it really is the whole driving experience and the handling that really makes the supra a real standout it's an incredibly capable and fun car to drive with amazingly sharp balanced handling that really is world class and it still delivers that everyday comfort and luxury that you would expect at this price point so it really is a good value but then as amazing as a supra is as is the mustang and the nissan z i really don't think that you even need to be spending 60 or even 50 000 if you want to have an amazing sports car in today's market and just to show you what i really mean let's get behind the wheel of my number two cars on this list and the first of those cars is this one right here the toyota gr86 and its twin the subaru brz now even though all of those high dollar sports cars like the toyota supra the nissan z and the ford mustang gt are all amazing performance cars i'd argue that you can have just as much fun from behind the wheel of the gr86 or the brz and for a much lower price too what's really amazing about these two cars is that they deliver a very well proven but also an increasingly rare sports car formula what we have here is a two-door coupe with rear-wheel drive a six-speed manual gearbox and a limited slip differential and all for half the price that you'd pay for supra or z but even though the gr86 and the brz are half the price of the other sports cars that i named they are definitely not half the fun not only is this car rear wheel drive with excellent chassis balance but it also weighs just under 2 900 pounds and that can definitely be felt from behind the wheel this is an amazing handling car it feels incredibly agile and well balanced and it has a very sharp pointy feel to it with virtually no body roll so it's incredibly fun to drive on regular twisty roads such as this i really don't think that this car feels any different from those high dollar sports cars so you really are getting really good value here but not only do you get great handling with the gr86 and the brz but you also get very impressive performance too for 2022 along with a full redesign these cars receive an all-new 2.4 liter 4-cylinder engine which produces 228 horsepower and 184 pound-feet of torque it feels a lot more powerful than the engine it replaces and gives this car more than adequate acceleration along with that strong engine you also get a great shifting six-speed manual gearbox although if you really want you could also go for an optional six-speed automatic two but not only is this a great sports car but it's also a fairly comfortable and very usable daily car too there is quite a bit of road noise but the suspension is just comfortable enough to use every day you have a pair of back seats to use in a pinch and you have a decent sized trunk too and you also get just enough technology for a daily use sports car too like a really good 8-inch touchscreen infotainment system with apple carplay and android auto a digital gauge cluster and even optional active safety features too put it all together and it becomes really difficult to find a better sports car for around 30 to 35 grand of course for a very similar price range you could go for something like a honda civic si a subaru wrx or of course the volkswagen gti but the issue with all of these cars is that they're not really true sports cars they're all four-door sedans or hatchbacks which is great if that's what you're looking for but if you want a dedicated sports car platform the gr86 or the brz are the ones to have and if you are specifically looking for a two-door coupe with back seats and a trunk then i really think this might just be the best one that you can buy on the market for this price but if you aren't necessarily set on having those things and just want to have the most amount of fun from behind the wheel then let's move on to the next car on the list and that car is this the 2022 mazda mx-5 the mx-5 formerly known as the miata is the epitome of the affordable sports car it has all the ingredients that you should have in a sports car like a balanced lightweight chassis with 50 50 weight balance a six-speed manual transmission a high revving engine and rear-wheel drive and it's these ingredients that make the mx-5 such a fun car to drive the real magic of this car is the fact that you don't need to be driving at 200 or even 100 miles an hour in order to be having a really good time this car is a true blast to drive at almost any speed and because it's so small and lightweight it has this nimbleness and level of agility to it that you really don't get with almost any other car part of the mx-5 magic also comes from the drivetrain all you get is a simple naturally aspirated 2-liter 4-cylinder engine with a six-speed manual gearbox and rear-wheel drive this engine produces 181 horsepower and 151 pound-feet of torque which doesn't sound like very much but because this car weighs just under 2400 pounds it actually has pretty impressive acceleration and you can really make the most of that engine's power thanks to this amazing shifting six-speed manual which is probably one of the best shifters on the market now you can still get the mx-5 with a six-speed automatic transmission too but that would really be spoiling all the fun because the manual is really what this car is all about and next to the amazing level of enjoyment that you get the other thing i love about the mx-5 is the simplicity behind it it just has a simple naturally aspirated engine not a lot of high-tech gadgets it doesn't even have drive modes like a sport mode because it doesn't need it the mx-5 is sporty all the time another part of that simplicity is the manual folding soft top which you can fold down in just a few seconds it really is amazing but if you want you can also go for a power folding hard top convertible which is called the mx-5 rf and the other amazing thing about the mx-5 is the pricing it's very affordable for a sports car ranging in price from around 30 to 40 000 us or around 35 to 45 000 canadian and at that price point there's really not much else that can touch it in terms of the amount of fun that you get from behind the wheel and not only does it offer amazing value but it's also very fuel efficient and has an excellent reputation for reliability and low repair costs so you're not going to feel bad about driving one every single day of course there are sports cars that are faster than the mx-5 and have better performance but performance and numbers don't always equate to the most enjoyment from behind the wheel if you're ultimately looking for the most fun and the best sports car that you can find for an affordable price point it's really difficult to beat the mx-5 so let me know what you thought of the cars on this list would you consider buying any one of them or would you get something else instead let me know in the comments and if you enjoyed this video make sure to like and subscribe you can also take a look at some of my other car videos by checking out these links over here make sure to follow me on tick tock and instagram and if you need any additional car buying advice recommendations or help with getting a great deal on your next new car purchase make sure to check out carhelpcanada.com thanks so much for watching and see you next time  top 5 2023 upcoming sports cars the automotive industry is rapidly evolving companies inundate us daily with new concepts and fresh approaches to the automobile while many commuter cars are now using electrification to increase performance enthusiasts who purchase sports cars will predictably be more resistant to change in response to the new automotive world manufacturers are taking on their biggest challenge yet creating a sports car that can exist in a green future and appeal to traditional buyers some companies are rapidly investing in developing true drivers evs with the tactile feedback enthusiasts crave in comparison other manufacturers plan to cling to analog technology as long as possible regardless of which of these you prefer these sports cars prove that it is definitely an exciting time to be in the automotive world 5. 2023 mercedes amg sl iconic sl returns for the 2023 model year with captivating styling and a traditionalist approach mechanically americans can choose between two flavors at launch the sl55 and the sl-63 both versions utilize a 4.0 liter twin turbo v8 the sl55 variant produces 469 horsepower and sl-63 produces 577 horsepower both are sure to satisfy long-term sl lovers the sl gets a back seat for the first time though it is not helpful for much more than luggage still an average size adult could probably squeeze if the front seat passenger was cozy with the dash now that the gt coupe and the s-class cabrio are gone mercedes-benz is aiming the new sl at the former customers as both a melding of the two as they try to consolidate their myriad of model classes and trims despite a back seat the sl retains roadster styling and the proportions are much better than the sixth generation car inside the dashboard is nearly identical to the full-size s-class and the quality is miles above the previous generation car overall mercedes-benz did an excellent job honoring the storied nameplate and proves v8 toys can co-exist with electric siblings for 2023 chevrolet corvette z06 the coveted z06 badge returns to the corvette in 2023 with the performance to match while many historic corvette fans are still slow to accept the mid-engine c8 several attributes will lend to helping consumers embrace the new flagship the z06 features the highest naturally aspirated v8 ever built with 670 horsepower going to the rear wheels through an 8-speed automatic transmission a 0-60 time of 2.6 seconds proves that the v8 isn't quite ready to be put out to pasture and is in line with many hybrid and electric supercars that utilize the instant torque of electric motors to attain such quick off the line times an approximate starting price of 87 000 also gives consumers a lot of car for the money production for the z06 kicks off in bowling green kentucky in a few months 3 2023 nissan z the z moniker has written on japanese sports cars since the release of the nissan 240z in 1969 and after a brief hiatus the z returns for 2023 the all-new two passenger sports coupe doesn't feature any numerals for the first time the coupe plays off its dats and roots with sleek lines a sloping roof and rounded headlights under the hood the new coupe is the sure apex of the z family with a twin 400 horsepower v6 which also makes an appearance in the infiniti q60 a six-speed manual is standard to the relief of enthusiasts while a 7-speed automatic is optional at a starting price of just over 38 thousand dollars the all-new z is a bargain when it comes to spiritedly sports coupes we look forward to learning more about its driving dynamics when it arrives on our shores this fall 2. 2023 aston martin v12 vantage while the entire aston martin lineup benefits from refreshes for the 2023 model year few are as exciting as the limited edition v12 vantage as the name implies there is more going on than fancy body work for the first time since the last generation the famous aston martin 5.2 liter twin turbo v12 finds its way into aston martin's smallest coupe the car's design is a farewell to the v12 with a limited edition run of just 330 vehicles with a price tag surpassing three hundred thousand dollars however the staggering base msrp is not enough to dissuade aston martin loyalists as the order book for north america is already closing while this will not be the last v12 put into an aston martin it will be the last one in advantage an electric successor to the current vantage is due in 2024. 1 2023 honda civic type r the honda civic type are returns for the 2023 model year better than before continuing on the badge's 30-year history the type r sets new benchmarks in the entry-level performance field with nurburgering tuning and a stiffer body the new type r is the apex of the long-standing family a 2.0 liter feeds power through an improved six-speed manual to create a driving experience truly built around the car enthusiast power output will get a bump from the previous year probably around 10 horsepower or more meanwhile wing sports seats keep front occupants in place while rowing through sharp curves while shocking colors like boost blue and rally red ensure the new typer gets all of the attention it deserves  since you clicked on this video i bet you love sports cars as much as i do and whether you just want to stay up to date or you're looking to get one for your empty garage here is 10 upcoming sports cars that we can look for in 2023 the best cars are towards the end of the video so stay till the end number 10. honda civic type r before you start losing hope on why a honda is on the list you should probably check out what they offer in 2023 the 2023 honda civic type r is better than every pass model and sets new standards in the entry-level performance field it has a nurburgring tuning and a sturdier body which makes this new honda type r the peak of the long-standing family the 2023 honda civic type r comes with a tuned out 2.0 liter turbocharged 4-cylinder engine that feeds its power output through a six-speed manual gearbox giving car buffs that amazing driving experience that they need you also get 10 more horsepower than their previous model and many more amazing features number nine ford mustang s650 everybody loves a mustang and if you don't love a mustang then i wonder what you love about cars mustangs have been around for many years and ford motor company isn't done with this car just yet this time ford offers you the all-new ford mustang that just might blow your mind for ford mustang plans to celebrate 60 years in the car market and to mark this noteworthy event they plan to release the ford mustang s650 while the specs are a bit fuzzy now our expectations are set on seeing substantial chassis enhancements modernized interiors and improvements to the current v8 engine and turbo 4 options regardless you can be sure that there will be a manual transmission and a hybrid variant that may join the lineup number 8. nissan z nissan sports cars are pretty popular in the car market and they're well known for being the right amount of fast and daring however nissan isn't done realizing amazing sports cars as 2023 has the company launching a new member of the nissan sports car family to the market the 2023 nissan z is a long-awaited successor to the ancient nissan 370z after the release of the nissan 240z in 1969 helped create nissan sports cars credentials over 50 years ago this new z-sports car builds upon past legacy while adding current technology like twin turbochargers its 3.0 liter v6 engine makes 400 horsepower and 350 pound-feet of torque and it comes in six-speed manual transmission or 7-speed automatic transmission options number seven bmw m4 competition bmw cars have been in the market for ages and are properly known as the big boys of cars they have vehicles in every class and their versatility makes them even more and admirable among their many upcoming vehicles slated for the future is this sports car which is just epic coming from a long line of winning cars the bmw m4 competition brings all the best qualities to the table this includes its twin turbo v6 engine with a power output of 503 horsepower and 479 pound-feet of torque options are available regarding your choice of the all-wheel drive or the rear-wheel drive however there is no option regarding the transmission as this sports car comes with an 8-speed automatic transmission number six mercedes amg sl when it comes to luxury and comfort mercedes-benz is the brand to call however this motor company offers more to its customers than just luxury and comfort this time they're offering all that and more in the form of their all-new performance-based sports car and you can be sure that it will be amazing this sports car comes in the sl55 and sl-63 variants offering a 4.0 liter twin turbo v8 engine however the mercedes amg sl55 has a power output of 469 horsepower while the mercedes amg sl63 offers you 577 horsepower car lovers that want that extra 108 horsepower are sure to be satisfied with these options the mercedes amg sl gets a back seat for the first time and regardless of that it still retains its roadster styling and the proportions are way better than the 6 generation car number five audi r8 final edition audi sports cars have been in many movies and games so much so that this brand's sports cars are synonym anonymous was speed and power regardless the company isn't done yet and they plan to release another amazing sports car that will probably make your jaw drop quite a bit while the audi r8 is set to be on its way out the brand has decided that this car should go out with a bang and what better way to do that than with an amazing conclusion to a lovely series the audi r8 final edition would likely have 650 horsepower attached to rear-wheel drive and more aggressive bodywork including canards at the front and a revised rear diffuser number four chevrolet corvette z06 corvettes are one of the most popular sports cars in the world and their series of vehicles with amazing performance have made the cars even more sought after this new addition to the chevrolet corvette family will come with all the bells and whistles to match its predecessors and then some the chevrolet corvette z06 has the highest naturally aspirated v8 engine ever made offering a power output of 670 horsepower directed towards the rear wheels via n8 speed automatic transmission it accelerates from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 2.6 seconds which proves that the v6 engine isn't done being relevant and is on par with many hybrid and electric super cars that exploit the instant torque of electric motors to achieve such quick off-the-line times number three lamborghini huracan technica lamborghini sports cars are built to impress and have done just that over the years they've become a top-rated luxury brand that offers their customers the best vehicles and this time won't be any different if you decide to get this lamborghini you should be ready for the attention this beauty will bring you it's believed that this all-new lamborghini huracan technica is the end of the lamborghini huracan era and it's a very fine send-off while the car manufacturer has been working towards embracing electrification this particular sports car comes with an internal combustion engine that gives off 631 horsepower and a max speed of 202 miles per hour number two aston martin v12 vantage electric cars are all good and fine and are the next step in vehicular evolution there's been a lot of car makers who have embraced electrification wholeheartedly and they've released amazing cars to that effect however aston martin chooses to remind everyone of the good old days with this sports car the aston martin v12 vantage has a 5.2 liter twin turbo v12 engine and surpasses previous models with a significant boost to 690 horsepower and 555 pound-feet of torque along with a reworked front end to mark the 2023 model year a 0-60 mile per hour acceleration time of 3.4 seconds isn't too bad for the final edition of the aston martin v12 cars number one pagani c10 being one of the most expensive cars in the world means that only a certain group of people can afford you and that is what pagani was going for with their range of cars and this new addition is no different sitting pretty at an estimated 2 million dollars the pagani c10 is the brand's successor to the pagani huayra it comes with an outsourced 6.0 liter twin turbo v12 engine that will give car enthusiasts that all-time high you also get to choose between a dual clutch gearbox or a manual transmission cars just keep getting better and better and the new sets of cars are bound to be amazing hold on to your cash because the sports car market is about to get lit if you like this video make sure to check out more on our channel or click the one on your screen now  10 best sports cars that are still cheap in 2023 besides their lower starting prices these sports cars are gorgeous reasonably powerful and practical for most enthusiasts sports cars offer a lot of pleasure and excitement most have dazzling appearances track worthy performance and razor-sharp handling nowadays we have a diverse range of sports cars ranging from the affordable mazda mx-5 miata to the blisteringly quick and expensive porsche 911 turbo s if you're on a budget these are some of the best sports cars at the lower end of the price spectrum that will match the thrills of their more costly counterparts besides their lower starting prices these sports cars are gorgeous reasonably powerful and practical for most enthusiasts 10 2023 chevrolet camaro 26 100 the camaro is a legendary muscle car in a time machine that takes enthusiasts back to the 60s it's available as a two-door coupe or convertible both good looking and a blast to drive while it offers tight accommodations buyers can choose from an array of punchy engines for the 2023 model year chevrolet offers eight camaro trim levels ranging from the base 1ls to the top dog 1 zalati the 1ls is the most affordable camaro with reasonable power and standard features it uses a turbocharged 2.0 liter four-cylinder engine with 275 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque 9 2023 ford mustang 27 770 the mustang has evolved into a more sophisticated steed over its five decades of existence for the 2023 model year the mustang gets a base turbocharged 2.3 liter ecoboost four-cylinder engine producing 310 horsepower and 350 pound-feet of torque while that's impressive for the base model ford offers more powerful beasts like the 760 horsepower shelby gt500 for a little more money owners can get the v8 powered mustang gt ford also offers the mustang in two body styles a convertible and a hard shell coop 8 2023 mazda mx-5 miata 28 050 dollars the mx-5 miata is a legendary two-seat sports car it's good looking agile quick and most importantly a convertible the miata also offers a manual transmission rear-wheel drive and a smooth potent power plant all these traits make it fun to drive in a practical daily driver the 2023 miata is available in two styles the rf and the soft top convertible while both are convertibles the rf features a power retractable roof panel all miatas use a 2.0 liter four-cylinder engine with 181 horsepower and 151 pound-feet of torque 7. 2023 toyota gr 86 28 400 dollars the 2023 gr-86 is one of the most improved sports cars it's now an entertaining rear-wheel drive coupe with a reasonably powerful engine the new power plant boasts plenty of mid-range power boosting its driving characteristics like the mx-5 miata the gr-86 is an affordable coupe sadly it's not available as a convertible it also has a two plus two layout that offers more interior space unlike the miata the gr 86 uses a punchy naturally aspirated 2.4 liter four-cylinder boxer engine producing 228 horsepower and 184 pound-feet of torque 6. 2022 dodge challenger 30 940 the current challenger received its last redesign in 2008 however dodge made some upgrades along the way leading to a thriving muscle car lineup the challenger competes with muscle cars like the chevrolet camaro and ford mustang however unlike these two the challenger offers a larger trunk and enough space for adults the sxt is the entry-level challenger and a reasonably powered sports car for most people it uses a 3.6 liter v6 engine producing 303 horsepower 5 2023 bmw 230i 38 200 the two series is a fund entry-level bmw luxury car the lineup consists of two body styles a two-door coupe and a four-door grand coupe for the two-door coupe owners can pick between the base 230i and the more powerful 240i both models use turbocharged engines with the key differences being the displacement and power outputs the 230i uses a turbocharged 2.0 liter four-cylinder like the toyota gr supra 2.0 the result is 255 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque 4. 2023 nissan z 39 990 after a three-year hiatus the z coupe is back with the 2023 model year the new z boasts a retro themed exterior styling while using the same chassis as its predecessor the nissan 370z however unlike the 370z the 2023 nissan z is stiffer and more powerful under its hood is a twin turbocharged 3.0 liter v6 engine producing 400 horsepower and 350 pound-feet of torque that's a 50 horsepower and 74 pound-feet increase over the 370z the z uses either a six-speed manual or a 9-speed automatic gearbox to send power to the rear wheels 3. 2022 infiniti q6042 250 dollars the q60 is a drop dead gorgeous sport luxury coupe with a two plus two configuration it blends the performance of a sports car in the style of a luxury sedan to give an engaging ride infiniti offers the q60 with two powerful engines and standard rear-wheel drive the base q60 gets a punchy twin turbocharged 3.0 liter v6 engine producing 300 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque it sends power to the rear wheels through a 7-speed automatic transmission the combination gives the q60 plenty of power for twisty roads and highways 2. 2023 toyota gr supra 44 040. the new gr supra is a sports car with enough style and performance for most enthusiasts it has toyota's reliability that gives customers extra peace of mind the gr supra is also a great daily driver thanks to the wide selection of standard driver assistance technology this two-seat sports car is available in four trim levels the base 2.0 3.0 3.0 premium and a91mt edition the base model uses a 2.0 liter four-cylinder engine producing 255 horsepower and 295 pound-feet of torque it's only available with an 8-speed automatic transmission unlike its larger engine siblings with an optional six-speed manual 1. 2023 lexus rc 345 470 dollars even though the rc is beginning to show its age it hasn't lost its edge as a competitive luxury sports coupe like its pricier sibling the lc the rc offers a sharply angled exterior and a comfortable ride lexus offers two models for the 2023 model year the rc 300 and rc 350. the base rc 300 uses a turbocharged 2.0 liter four-cylinder engine producing 241 horsepower and 258 pound-feet of torque the power plant uses an 8-speed automatic to send power to the rear wheels this combination makes the rc a fun sports car  eight of the most reliable sports cars to buy in 2023 we've identified a selection of exceptional sports cars that will fulfill your need for speed while keeping your yearly maintenance charges down sports cars whether coop or cabriolet are often bought for their brisk acceleration prodigious highway passing power precise steering system and sporty suspension which assures a thrilling driving experience on any road the combination of speed balance and fascinating design cues makes for a passionate driving experience and gives you goosebumps when you look at your car sitting in the garage or driveway but that does not mean you want a car that's not drivable or spends weeks in workshops racking up unexpected and expensive repair bills to help we've identified eight exceptional sports cars that will have you dreaming of driving down the road while keeping your yearly maintenance charges down cars like the 2023 audi r8 2023 nissan z 2023 ford mustang and 2023 dodge challenger do not feature on this list because they do not yet have reliability ratings from jd power so let's find out what sports cars are less likely to suffer costly faults 8 2023 toyota gr 86 73 reliability score the toyota gt86 isn't currently as reliable a car as its siblings still being a toyota means it's a safe and sensible option for those who are after a dependable sports car with low running costs there's a 2.4 liter boxer engine under the hood that generates 228 horsepower and 184 pound-feet of torque mated to the engine is a six-speed manual transmission and rear-wheel drive a six-speed automatic transmission is also available with the standard manual transmission this car sprints from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 6.1 seconds 7 2023 subaru brz 78 reliability score if its sharp response and lively handling you're after reviews suggest you won't go wrong with a 2023 subaru brz as its low center of gravity and communicative steering helps with handling and sharpness the subaru brz is the twin car to the toyota gr 86 so it is not much a surprise to see the two sports cars having similar features you get the same 2.4 liter flat 4-cylinder engine meaning 228 horsepower and 184 pound-feet of torque a six-speed manual transmission and rear-wheel drive a six-speed automatic transmission is available an acceleration from 0 to 60 miles per hour takes around 6 seconds 2023 mazda mx-5 miata 79 reliability score when it comes to small two-seater sports cars you'll always find the mazda mx-5 miata on the best seller lists and that's largely thanks to it being one of the most reliable and coolest sports cars around the latest iteration scores 79 for reliability from jd power while boasting an uncanny ability to accelerate quickly deliver plenty of passing power as well as excellent handling owing to a combination of a lightweight chassis precise steering and a robust 181 hp four-cylinder engine 5 2023 chevrolet camaro 84 reliability score there's so much skepticism regarding the reliability of american car brands but jd powerdata shows the chevy camaro is incredibly reliable as indicated by its score reliability aside this car features a wide range of powerful engines including a 275 hp turbo 4 335 hpv6 a 455 hpv8 and a 6.2 liter supercharged v8 with a whopping 650 horsepower all four engines default to a six-speed manual transmission the four-cylinder is available with an 8-speed automatic while the v6 and v8 engines offer a 10-speed automatic option 4. 2023 porsche 911 85 reliability score the porsche 911 is a really good choice if you're on the hunt for the best sport cars 2023 has to offer it combines excellent reliability with powerful efficient engines rapid acceleration sporty and elegant exterior refined interior and effortless handling these porsche qualities are beautifully complemented by a broad array of standard amenities including semi-power adjustable and heated front seats partial leather upholstery dual zone automatic climate control a leather wrapped steering wheel a 10.9 inch touchscreen infotainment system navigation android auto and apple carplay capability and more the 2023 porsche 911 has a reliability score of 85 percent 3. 2023 porsche 718 cayman 86 reliability score seeing not one but two porsche cars on a list of the most reliable sports cars may be a shock to some but the brand does much better than it gets credit for at least as far as reliability goes in fact in a 2021 study porsche ranked as the second most reliable brand with only lexus placing higher and when assessed on its merit the 2023 porsche 718 cayman still proves to be a dependable car with a reliability rating of 86 from jd power 2. 2 2023 lexus lc 86 reliability score the 2023 lexus lc is a well-built sports car with the usual lexus feeling of high quality composed of carefully selected cabin materials like power adjustable and heated and ventilated front seats leather upholstery and a power adjustable steering wheel this car should deliver the kind of comfort many drivers seek under the hood the lexus lc has a 5.0 liter v8 that puts out 471 horsepower and 398 pound-feet of torque the powertrain connects to a 10-speed automatic transmission that defaults to the rear wheels [music] 1 2023 chevrolet corvette 93 reliability score hands down one of the best sports cars of 2023 the chevrolet corvette boasts an excellent reliability score of 93 which also makes it one of the most reliable sports cars you can buy today the current c8 generation is the first mid-engine corvette with the engine placed behind the passenger compartment the c8 corvette stingray has a 6.2 liter v8 producing 490 horsepower and 470 pound-feet of torque while the z06 features a 5.5 liter v8 with a flat plane crank that endows it with a higher redline the corvette z06's engine develops 670 horsepower and 460 pound-feet of torque "

----------

"what\u2019s eligible: any 2023 model vehicle regardless of when it was introduced or last updated providing we\u2019ve evaluated it since major changes. criteria: along with crash tests, safety features and accommodation of family members and their gear, we consider family-friendly features, car-seat fitment and overall excellence. parents usually have a few tricks up their sleeves when it comes to carting kids around, and the 2023 kia carnival adds a few more much-needed comfort and convenience goodies that make parenting less of a chore. the minivan stands out for its combination of competent road manners, ample safety features and focus on value. debuting for model-year 2022 as the redesigned version of kia\u2019s outgoing sedona minivan, the sole powertrain is a 290-horsepower, 3.5-liter v-6 paired with an eight-speed automatic transmission; it\u2019s a punchy and responsive powertrain, even when loaded with people and stuff. for 2023, it returns with a few changes, including more standard and optional tech and safety features for the mid-level sx trim. inside, the carnival\u2019s clever features won over parents on our editorial team. the slide-flex seating system makes the second row\u2019s middle seat more flexible, allowing it to slide forward so the front passenger can more easily access a child riding in the middle seat. there\u2019s also a rear-passenger-view camera that allows first-row occupants to keep an eye on the kids in the back through an in-cabin camera system. also, an available dual-screen entertainment system features wireless screen mirroring for apple and android devices. and while it sounds like the carnival is all about fun and games, it doesn\u2019t joke around when it comes to safety, value and cargo room. the 2022 carnival has excellent crashworthiness scores from the insurance institute for highway safety and high grades in our car seat check thanks to easy-access latch anchors and ample legroom; we don\u2019t expect the changes for 2023 to impact these scores. in our own cargo testing, we measured more room in the carnival than competing minivans and three-row suvs. and even in such a family-friendly segment, the carnival\u2019s range of standard active-safety features is impressive, offering extras other minivans don\u2019t. one favorite is the available blind spot monitor that displays a view of the adjacent lane in the driver\u2019s instrument panel once the turn signal is engaged. another is the rear-seat alert system that detects movement in the second and third rows after the doors have been locked; if movement is detected, the system sounds the horn and illuminates the hazard lamps. lastly, the carnival is a deal, costing less than competitors, but coming with more features. the van\u2019s blend of utility, features and value helped it earn our best family car of 2023 award. family cars are usually boring, right? not this one. the 2023 kia telluride is anything but, and our roster of editor-parents found a lot to like with it. the family-hauling suv pleases people big and small by delivering ample occupant space, competitive cargo room, a laundry list of kid-approved creature comforts and parent-approved road manners. launched for the 2020 model year, the telluride is available with seven or eight seats across three rows. updates during the last couple of model years include a fresh face and new off-road-oriented x-line and x-pro variants for 2023 that have kept it competitive in a growing class of family-focused three-row suvs. the sole powertrain is a 291-hp, 3.8-liter v-6 and an eight-speed automatic transmission that work well together with front- or all-wheel drive. the telluride is stable and composed for long-trip-comfortable road manners, and its 5,500-pound maximum towing capacity should also come in handy if that trip involves pulling extra toys. from ample cargo room and plenty of passenger comfort to easy car-seat fitment and a focus on family-friendly features, the 2023 telluride brings it all home \u2014 and it does so with an eye on value. all of this impressed cars.com\u2019s editorial staff, earning it a nomination for best family car of 2023. for families with a bit of a wild side, the 2023 subaru outback is a companion for life\u2019s adventures with enough room for a smaller family, as well as a unique blend of impressive off-roadability, comfortable on-road ability and top safety ratings. model-year 2023 brings a light styling update, upgraded multimedia and more features to subaru\u2019s already-impressive eyesight safety system. eyesight\u2019s performance \u2014 along with crashworthiness ratings \u2014 give it top safety ratings from the insurance institute for highway safety. it again comes with a choice of two engines: a standard 182-hp, 2.5-liter four-cylinder or a 260-hp, turbocharged 2.4-liter four-cylinder that pair with standard all-wheel drive and a continuously variable automatic transmission. both engines are refined and capable, with the turbo adding a little extra grunt. there\u2019s also the off-road-oriented wilderness trim that shines when you leave the pavement. the outback\u2019s huge vertically oriented touchscreen for multimedia and controls has been updated. it\u2019s a highlight of the cabin for 2023 with its responsive screen and straightforward, customizable menus that now include commonly used features like heated seats easily accessible from the home screen. in the roomy backseat, the outback has plenty of space for two car seats, and even adults will be comfortable. behind the seats, the ample cargo area makes room for all the gear an adventure requires \u2014 even the messy stuff (shout out to the outback\u2019s available all-weather floormats). for families prone to wandering off the beaten path, the outback delivers, making it a finalist for our best family car of 2023 award. our auto experts (and parents!) reviewed hundreds of vehicles to land on these select winners. it\u2019s that time again: our good housekeeping institute experts have joined forces with the automotive authorities from car and driver to present a list of our favorite new family vehicles. backed up by the opinions of industry analysts, real-world familial experience, and instrumented testing, our winners cover all the relevant car categories, including familiar ones like minivans, crossovers and suvs as well as excellent additional options from compact hatchbacks to luxury station wagons and full-size pickups. for those of you considering a switch to battery power, we even feature a range of electric and hybrid vehicles. a car is the second most expensive purchase most families will make. with higher prices and limited inventory continuing to impact new-car buying, deals may be available on less popular but still appropriate and family-friendly options. so if you\u2019re in the market for a new vehicle, whatever the price point, we encourage you to take your overall needs into consideration and think beyond the conventional. if you survey our list with an open mind, we feel confident you will find something that works for you and your family. \"there's never been a wider set of choices among family cars, and they've never been safer, more comfortable, or more feature-laden,\" says eddie alterman, chief brand and content officer for hearst autos and a judge for this program.\"in short, it's a golden era for the driving parent.\". all prices and epa fuel-economy listings are for base models. check out fueleconomy.gov or the manufacturers' websites for fuel economy on related models. here, you'll find the right vehicle for your family, whether you\u2019re looking for an suv with a higher driving position, a highly maneuverable sedan or a highly capable yet still nimble crossover. this year, based on the increase in interest in and purchase of electrics, we've included even more electric vehicles on our list. for each vehicle we have key details including mileage, occupants, trim options and length to help you make comparisons more readily. below our picks, you can learn more about our testing process and how we partner with car and driver. the civic celebrated its 50th birthday this year, and like many of us it has improved with age. now in its 11th generation, the honda civic continues to be the standard-bearer in the small car category. available in both four-door sedan and five-door hatchback configurations, it is affordable, well-appointed, safety-focused, and stylish with a spacious interior that belies its dimensions. but the civic\u2019s secret weapon is its refinement \u2014 a honda hallmark \u2014 a feature that is particularly impressive given the vehicle\u2019s affordable starting price. unlike some less-pricey vehicles, it feels rich: in terms of its material appointments, in the smooth function of its switchgear, in its distinguished appearance and its road manners. it\u2019s what other economy cars aspire to be when (or if) they grow up, but like your favorite uncle, it maintains a youthful spirit. think of it as a slightly smaller but no less mature version of the honda accord (another winner in our list.) we lean toward the hatchback for its practicality and await the addition of a hybrid to the lineup in 2024, but any civic is a good choice. lab results: in our test drives, we found the civic to be a capable \u2014 and dare we say fun \u2014driving experience with sharp handling.  thanks to a comfy interior, impressive fuel economy and an abundance of standard features, it was an easy add to this list. dorian affirms, \u201cthe civic is the quintessential small car and likely the one most people envision when they think of frugal, practical daily transport, but it\u2019s the honda\u2019s fun-to-drive demeanor that endears it most to car enthusiasts like us.\u201d. our fave feature: we love the clean, technical look of the interior, especially the tessellated hexagon motif that runs across the center of the dash, capped by a legible touchscreen and featuring easy-to-use (and easy-to-locate) knobs and switches for commonly used features like entertainment volume, ventilation controls, and seat heaters. 2023 honda civic, from $25,545 (base price). the s3 takes everything that makes an audi an audi and distills it, shrinking it to dimensions that make it easy to drive, maneuver and park \u2014 especially practical for families in tighter urban areas \u2014 without sacrificing anything in the way of interior roominess and usable space. it features taut and unencumbered design inside and out, easy-to-use tech, myriad intuitive safety features, and luxurious materials, all put together in a solid all-wheel-drive package that moves through any circumstance with confidence. more than that, the \u201cs\u201d in the name signifies an upgrade in performance and features, courtesy of a potent 306-hp turbocharged engine and standard niceties like a panoramic sunroof and separate climate controls for driver and front and rear seat passengers, decreasing opportunities for conflict if some kids like it hot and others prefer to play it cool. lab results: rothman has long been a fan of the sharp handling afforded by this audi. dorian is too, and he sums up the overall s3 experience nicely: \"considering the s3's relatively affordable starting price, it provides an impressive combination of luxury and performance.\". our fave feature: opt for the premium plus trim level and prepare to be wowed by audi\u2019s industry-leading digital gauge display, which integrates navigation maps, entertainment choices, and other features into the lcd instrument panel binnacle right in front of the driver\u2019s eyes, where they\u2019re easiest\u2014and safest\u2014to see. 2023 audi s3, from $47,895 (base price). the honda accord is the epitome of an affordable family sedan. now in its 11th generation, it has been consistently impressing american drivers for nearly 50 years with its almost alchemical just-rightness. roomy enough for a quartet of adults (or five in a pinch for short rides) its huge back seat is limousine-like for kids. its trunk can swallow a surprising amount of grocery bags, suitcases, equipment, home repair goods or anything else that you can throw in it. everything you need or need to touch or find is within reach. and the accord telegraphs reliability, not just in the usual terms of efficiency or the profoundly thoughtful engineering that lasts for hundreds of thousands of miles but also in terms of steadfastness, the accord is your friend. from its suite of standard safety features to its placid and controlled driving dynamics to how surprisingly fun to drive it is, it has your back. lab results: in our more extensive honda accord review, we shared that every detail feels carefully considered and assembled such that the car behaves not just telepathically but almost empathically, as if it\u2019s concerned for the well-being and happiness of its driver and occupants. our fave feature: opt for any of the hybrid models and prepare to achieve a stunning 48 mpg combined fuel efficiency. that would be superlative in a compact hatchback; in a big sedan, it is stellar. 2023 honda accord, from $28,390 (base price). if you haven\u2019t heard of genesis yet, you should check it out. the upstart upscale luxury brand from the rising korean hyundai group, whose brands include hyundai and kia, it is borrowing from the playbook toyota used when it introduced the lexus nearly 35 years ago: build a stylish, top-tier luxury car that challenges the german standard-bearers, load it with features, and sell it for a price that undercuts the competition. the g80 does just that, combining distinctive good looks, high-quality interior materials, unique trim treatments, refined and potent powertrains, and standard equipment, and still manages to cost thousands less than similar offerings from mercedes and bmw. its focus on refinement, insulation and comfort will soothe your fried nerves even when you\u2019re running errands with the kids in back. and like one of those online brands of high-quality linens or clothing, it will let you stand out from the crowd while announcing your insider knowledge of a superior bargain. lab results: the elegant exterior turns heads, and rothman was equally impressed by the refined, upscale nature of  the vehicle's interior. as in other genesis vehicles, there is a comprehensive suite of standard safety and technology features, like a large 14.5-inch touchscreen infotainment display. our fave feature: we\u2019re infuriated when someone edges too close to us in the parking lot, blocking access to our doors. the genesis can be equipped with smart park, which allows you to back the car out using just the key fob so you won\u2019t have to houdini yourself into the driver\u2019s seat. 2023 genesis g80, from $51,125 (base price). contemporary consumer expectations support vehicles that have all-wheel-drive and a higher seating position. this has driven much of our ongoing shift away from traditional four-door sedans and toward trucks, vans and suvs. these latter categories now account for well over three-quarters of new-car sales in america. toyota\u2019s response may be a prescient one. to replace its top-of-the-line avalon four-door sedan, it has revived a nameplate from its past, crown, and given it a higher ride and all-wheel drive. it continues its assault on tradition by providing the new sedan with a sophisticated hybrid propulsion system that allows it to sip gas like a sub-compact. all this while providing near-luxury interior materials, creature comforts, and ride quality that are steps above what was offered in the vehicle it replaces. lab results: sportier people should consider springing for the $12,000 platinum trim, which packs far more power and additional performance and luxury upgrades. dorian agrees: \u201cdon\u2019t expect cornering heroics from the crown, but the top-spec platinum model does come with adaptive dampers that sharpen things up and give the big four-door a more fun-loving nature.\u201d. our fave feature: the styling of the crown is controversial, with a thick mouth and color-contrasting flanks and rear. but we give kudos to toyota for trying out an interesting new form and breathing new life into the conventional sedan category. 2023 toyota crown, from $41,045 (base price). for over 50 years, the mercedes-benz s-class has maintained its position as the pinnacle luxury sedan, and the latest (seventh-generation) car is no exception. aided by standard all-wheel drive, a trio of smooth and powerful engines \u2014 six- and eight-cylinder gas motors and a gas/electric hybrid (e) good for around 40 miles of battery-only power \u2014 the s-class does an amazing job of insulating riders from the strains of modern life, both physically and emotionally. with thickly padded, supportive heated/cooled/massaging seats in the four primary positions, an in-car perfume atomizer, seemingly more screens than a best buy and enough safety tech to impress a first responder, the s-class will leave you and your precious cargo feeling nearly impervious. lab results: cosseting, potent, insulating and surprisingly nimble, the s-class excels in everything it attempts. add in an exterior shape that exudes restrained elegance and interior materials that rival those of sedans from bentley and rolls-royce, and it\u2019s easy to convince yourself that the s-class is almost a bargain. our fave feature: the navigation system is available with an augmented-reality feature that combines with the head-up display to project directional arrows that hover on the roadways right in the driver\u2019s line of sight. 2023 mercedes-benz s-class, from $115,650 (base price). mazda takes its own road, and more often than not, that road is a twisty one. the brand privileges driving pleasure and a connection between human and machine, and that shows in products like the cx-30, which is a true delight to drive \u2014 a standard deviation above competitors. even if you don\u2019t consider yourself a racer in training, you\u2019ll find that the driving joy the zoom-zoom brand bakes into its vehicles leaves you feeling more in control and thus more relaxed behind the wheel. likewise, mazda\u2019s use of upscale materials on its interior will make you and your passengers feel pampered and coddled, as if you\u2019re in a luxury vehicle instead of an affordable one, and its focus on elegant exterior design will have passersby, parking attendants, and friends in the school-pickup line doing a double take. standard all-wheel drive adds to this sense of security, as do a broad range of standard advanced driver-assistance and safety features. lab results: though this is a subcompact suv, we were pleasantly surprised that we could still fit six carry-on suitcases behind the rear seats, or 16 with the rear seats folded. we also appreciate that desirable driver-assistance and tech features like adaptive cruise control, lane-keeping assist, and automated emergency breaking are standard. our fave feature: the handsome exterior design is almost italianate \u2014 sensuous, thoughtful, handsome, and distinctive without being aggressive. 2023 mazda cx-30, from $24,225 (base price). volvo is synonymous with stolidity and safety, and the xc40 conforms strongly to this heritage. but if you haven\u2019t looked at the volvo lineup recently, you might not equate it with refined and upscale styling. this charming \u201ccute ute\u201d brings all that to the category with an organic, modern scandinavian take on the brand\u2019s classic squared-off design language. we love its spunky upright attitude, which translates inside to excellent visibility and lots of room for passengers and cargo. opt for the b5 versions, and you\u2019ll get a more potent engine and all-wheel-drive, both of which seem worth the additional $2,000 at each of three trim levels. we also appreciate volvo\u2019s use of intriguing interior materials like textured metal, fun felted fabrics, recycled plastics, unvarnished driftwood, and even crystal (!) as well as its funky throwback interior and exterior color schemes, which lend further delight to a delightful package. lab results: though this is the younger sibling to the more robust xc60 and xc90, we still found all passengers, front and rear, to have ample, comfortable seating. our team appreciates that the xc40 has the towing capacity to handle an impressive 3,500 pounds, a rarity in the subcompact luxury crossover space. our fave feature: you might not think you need a hook for your shoulder bag or reusable grocery bag until you experience the ones that flip out from the xc40\u2019s glove box and rear cargo divider. likewise for the integrated trash can in the center console, the extra-deep door pockets, and especially the drawers under the front seats. 2023 volvo xc40, from $37,445 (base price). are you detecting a pattern here? honda continues to wow us across numerous vehicle categories, and the not-so-small yet still compact cr-v crossover is among the marque\u2019s current standouts. as with its small and large car siblings, the civic and the accord, the cr-v\u2019s strength lies in its all-around excellence at doing the things it was designed to do: move people and their things in absolute comfort and safety, with the least possible fuss and a level of refinement well above its price point. this year the cr-v is all-new, with an exterior design that is larger and more elegant and an interior that grows in all the right places (rear seat, cargo hold), and it simultaneously offers increased efficiency and enhanced security. check out all the standard advanced driver-assistance features, which include systems that note when a car is in your blind spot, help you stay centered in your lane, monitor your attentiveness, and even read speed limit signs. lab results: practicality has gotten a makeover with the cr-vs new look. which is not to we don\u2019t still love the smooth and comfy ride, the easy-to-use tech features, and the impressive cargo capacity. our fave feature: as with the accord sedan, we\u2019re wowed by the fuel efficiency of the cr-v hybrid system, which achieves 43 city/36 highway/40 combined mpg in front-wheel-drive configuration and 40/34/37 in all-wheel-drive. if you want a cr-v, we suggest you go for the hybrid. 2023 honda cr-v, from $29,705 (base price). the macan is at once a gateway to the famed german brand and the model that die-hard fans might move to when they have a family and need to give up their less utilitarian porsches. but the trade-off isn\u2019t so severe. though the macan is an suv, with a higher ride height and standard all-wheel drive, it has the ability to convincingly mimic a sports sedan. it thus has all the typical porsche hallmarks \u2014 communicative steering, quick acceleration, telepathic handling, a purposeful exhaust note \u2014 while still providing enough space for five passengers (the three in the back should be kid-size) and their cargo. as a driver\u2019s car, it beats out all rivals. as a luxury car, and even in terms of its safety equipment, you will have to get a bit spendy in the options list to bring it up to other brands\u2019 comps. but that is a porsche hallmark as well: priciness and its correlative exclusivity. and every time you get behind the wheel and rip through the curves on the way to work, the carpool, or drag queen story time at the library, you will remember why it was all worth it. lab results: in test drives, rothman noted that she forgot for most of the drive that she was in an suv and could have sworn she was behind the wheel of a sports car. overall, our team was very happy with the abundance of outlets and ports throughout the cabin. our fave feature: opt for the sport chrono package, and you\u2019ll be rewarded with a number of performance upgrades, including launch control, which allows you to peel off computer-controlled standing starts, destroying all the other parents in stoplight races. 2023 porsche macan, from $58,950 (base price). the latest bronco exudes the same kind of rugged and ready style that made the original bronco such a hit when it was first introduced in the 1960s. but this high-riding all-wheel-drive suv is a lot more family-friendly than that tinny trucklet could ever have hoped to be. for one thing, the modern bronco can be had with four doors, something never available on previous iterations, simplifying the ingress and egress of kids and pets and stuff (though if you and your passengers don\u2019t mind flipping the front seats forward and back regularly, the two-door bronco is significantly cheaper). a stellar and capable all-wheel-drive system makes this suv a jeep wrangler challenger if you want that kind of capability or just want to look like you do. and the roof panels (whether fabric or hard plastic) come off, as do even \u2014 for the non-risk-averse \u2014 the doors, for a convertible-like experience, adding even more joy to an already joyous package. lab results: without dispute it\u2019s cool, from its impressive off-road capabilities to the ability to remove its doors for a coastal cruise. abigail bailey, a gh institute staffer, test-drove it and noted that she really loved how comfortable it was despite what she was doing: \"we crawled up rock walls and drove through water so deep it was coming up the hood of the car, but the inside stayed dry and comfortable. if someone has a camping family and they get into trails and off-roading, this is a great car to do it in.\". our fave feature: the retro appearance packages in this year\u2019s heritage trim levels \u2014 with their white roofs, stripes, grilles, lettering and wheels, calling to mind the original bronco\u2014 make us smile, and we think they will make you smile as well. 2023 ford bronco, from $35,890 (base price). remember what we said about the genesis g80 sedan? well, the same goes for the suvs in the upscale korean brand\u2019s lineup. and while we love the somewhat larger and more traditionally luxurious gv80 suv that is that four-door\u2019s sport-ute analogue, we\u2019re even more compelled by the slightly outr\u00e9 form of the smaller and more affordable gv70. its exterior and interior styling is bold, with a confident swoopiness that a brand typically acquires only after decades in the market. the fact that genesis is willing to experiment like this is made all the more compelling by the fact that the gv70 is such a pleasure to drive and live with. higher-spec versions have a sumptuous interior that reminds us of the 1970s in the best ways, and it has features that seemingly belong in vehicles costing 50% more. lab results: dorian is a fan: \"instead of creating a low-cost value-player that feels cut-rate, genesis has created a luxury suv that\u2019s in many ways nicer and posher than similarly priced rivals.\". our fave feature: do you remember rotary phones? the gv70 has a rotary shift knob for moving the transmission from park to reverse to drive \u2014 and it\u2019s made of glass. it put a smile on our faces every time. 2023 genesis gv70, from $44,275 (base price). kia, another brand from the hyundai motor group, is, like genesis, making its own play for customers seeking upscale vehicles for a bargain price, and it is attracting them with distinctively styled vehicles packed with features. the telluride three-row suv is one of its biggest hits, and it\u2019s easy to see why. its smoothly boxy shape mimics classically elegant sport utility vehicles like the land rover range rover, but where a range rover starts at over $100,000, the telluride can be had for under $40,000. even the shockingly well-equipped all-wheel-drive sx model ekes in at under $50,000. for that price, you get a quiet, smoothly-operating powertrain, a harmon/kardon stereo, heated and ventilated seats in the first- and second-row captain\u2019s chairs, lcd dash and infotainment screens, an onboard wi-fi hot spot, and one of the longest-term and most comprehensive warranties in the industry. if that feels unbeatable for the price, that\u2019s because it is. if you haven\u2019t considered a kia recently, we strongly recommend that you do so. lab results:  as we said in reviewing the telluride \u201cthe bossy-looking telluride shines in every category, from its refined powertrain and quiet operation to its luxurious interior that mimics the material quality of high-end vehicles.\u201d dorian seconds this: \"well-priced, nicely equipped, and unquestionably refined, the telluride is the complete package.\". our fave feature: back-row passengers tend to get mischievous. if you want to get them back in line without yelling threats, the telluride has a \u201cpassenger talk\u201d option that allows the driver to use a front-mounted microphone and rear-mounted speakers to address them without wrecking the driver\u2019s vocal cords. 2023 kia telluride, from $37,255 (base price). the defender traces its roots to the genesis of the land rover brand, where it positioned itself as a handsome, capable vehicle intended for farmers, whether actual or gentleman. the truck remained quite agricultural for subsequent decades, resolutely adept at off-roading through mire and muck, but quite unpleasant on the road. the all-new defender, which debuted a couple years back, completely remedied that, with unprecedented refinement. now, the brand has grafted more than a foot onto the rear of the longest previous defender, the 110, to create a next-level iteration, the 130. with three proper rows, you can carry an entire ballet troupe to the auditorium, and, with seat heaters and plenty of usb ports in all three rows, they\u2019ll all arrive recharged. lab results: rothman test-drove the defender 130 for a week in her suburban town, and tallied no fewer than a dozen parents who stopped to admire and talk her up about her ride. she ventured for a bit of off-roading and found it impressively capable. and if the weather or roads get rough, you can depend on legendary defender sure-footedness; we recently drove one through a three-foot-deep pond without a whimper of protest. our fave feature: the rearmost row gets its own sunroof. though it\u2019s fixed and doesn\u2019t open, it lets in additional light and a glimpse of the sky, which everyone needs. land rover defender 130, from $69,475 (base price). at over 17.5 feet long, the chevy tahoe puts the full in full-size suv, but for those of us who have big families, big pets, or big car pools, it is hard to beat its immense carrying capacity. with the rear seats folded, there is 123 cubic feet of space inside \u2014 that\u2019s more than the entire interior of a new honda civic, including the trunk. so the tahoe is a big box capable of hauling the hoard from your big box store runs. and the tahoe drives smaller than it is, especially with the optional magnetic ride control, which prevents body pitch and roll and keeps the ship steady. even the base tahoe has safety niceties like lane departure warning, lane-keeping assist, front collision warning and automated emergency braking, as well as sliding second row seats that provide more room for third row passengers \u2014 even a growth-spurting teen will find comfort back there. and higher test iterations like the premier or high country become downright luxurious. lab results: when test-driving, we placed two adults in the third row for a 2+ hour trip \u2014 and neither complained upon arriving! they even lauded the ease of moving the second-row seats to get comfortable in the way back. our fave feature: the console between the front seats power-slides back to reveal a spacious bin, as well as a hidden drawer. as a bonus, sliding it back brings the charging ports in its rear closer to power-hungry second row occupants. 2023 chevrolet tahoe, from $56,095 (base price). do you require more luxury, and more scale, than that offered by even the chevrolet tahoe? well then, step right up to the power-operated running board alongside the lincoln navigator l, which is more than a foot longer, and laden with enough leather and wood to keep an executive office furniture factory running. in fact, the navi l could be a mobile executive office, with roomy workspace consoles, an insular conference room-like vibe, onboard wi-fi, available heated/cooled/massaging captain\u2019s chairs in the first and second rows, and bounteous seating for your whole team. these same features allow it to function as an ideal shuttle bus for your brood. or, if you power-fold the seats, to skip the home depot delivery charge and bring that new chest freezer home on your own. and, unlike the dour interior palettes from other manufacturers, lincoln dazzles with broad expanses of colorful leather, particularly the periwinkle \u201cyacht club\u201d or olive green \u201ccentral park\u201d themes available on the top-of-the-line black label versions. lab results: as rothman noted in her review, whether she was toting her young kids to and from school, soccer or a weekend visit to their grandparents, passengers and driver were all very happy thanks to its spacious and comfy interior, ample cargo space and lavish interior details. our fave feature: if you can\u2019t find a comfortable position with the navigator\u2019s eminently adjustable 30-way power seats, you should seek chiropractic attention. 2023 lincoln navigator l, from $96,860 (base price). bmw has taken an intriguing approach to electrifying much of its product range, producing one platform that can accommodate gasoline, hybrid and battery power, and allowing consumers to select the one that suits them. in some models, the electric iteration supersedes the others in terms of performance, comfort and luxury. the i4 is one of these models. the sweet spot for families might be the middle child, edrive40, which offers the practicality and cargo-stowage capabilities of a five-door hatchback body style and a larger battery pack, yielding the greatest (301 mile) range. though the hot rod m50, despite decreased range (245 miles) is also compelling with its all-wheel drive capabilities and rocket-like acceleration, perfect for delighting (or taking the breath away from) sullen backseat occupants. lab results: so admired by the car and driver team, the bmw i4 nabbed a coveted 10best spot thanks to its acceleration, handling, smart packaging, and value. our fave feature: we like jewelry and delight, so the availability of rose gold trim makes us smile, perhaps more than it should (but can you ever have too much gold?). 2023 bmw i4, from $52,995 (base price). from its sharply-faceted retro-futuristic exterior, to its clean modern-futuristic minimalist interior, the ioniq 5 carves its own path. and that doesn\u2019t even take into account its potent and efficient electric powertrain, which can achieve up to 301 miles on a charge, or its clever reappropriation of the classic hatchback shape that hyundai first utilized in attempting to conquer the north american market back in the '80s. the brand has come an immensely long way in the past four decades, and the ioniq 5 now dances atop the pyramid of contemporary, affordable electric vehicles. it looks great, it\u2019s absolutely huge inside, and it considers the driver in ways that other evs have yet to even think about. with some options, it can even drive itself, hands-free, in specific highway situations (an attentive driver is still necessary), giving you more time to look at the passing scenery and talk to your passengers. lab results: the distinctive styling makes you feel like you've arrived in the future, one where electrics are standard fare with fast-charging capabilities and engaging drives like this beaut. our fave feature: you can spec your ioniq 5 with a driver\u2019s seat that reclines and extends, like a chaise lounge, for those often-long waits during battery charging sessions. 2023 hyundai ioniq 5, from $42,785 (base price). most people who drive a full-size pickup don\u2019t really need a full-size pickup. but vehicle purchases often aren\u2019t about \u201cneed.\u201d they\u2019re about want. and if you want a nearly 20-foot long, 7,000-pound pickup, with luxurious seating for five people, a giant bed out back for hauling manure or gear or atvs, and a cavernous \u201cfrunk\u201d up front where the engine should go, you are the target audience for the f-150 lightning, ford\u2019s electrified iteration of america\u2019s best-selling vehicle for the past four or five decades. like the bmw i4, the lightning is a superior version of an already good vehicle, with improved acceleration, road manners, and the aforementioned enhancement in storage. opting for a larger battery will cost you $10,000 but yields 90 more miles per charge, maxing out at 320 miles. lab results: rothman has yet to meet a frunk she doesn't adore, and this one delighted her thanks to its notable size and its ability to carry up to a whopping 400 pounds inside! our fave feature: because its battery is so huge, when the lightning is charged up, it can act as an electricity source for your power tools, other evs, or even your house in the event of a blackout. 2023 ford f-150 lightning, from $57,869 (base price). the prius has always been a solid pick for families who prioritize fuel economy and flawless reliability. as a bonus, its teardrop shape yielded a roomy and capacious interior. but, throughout four innovative generations, the prius was never what one could consider handsome. until now. the all-new fifth-generation prius is now lower, wider, smoother and a real looker! with a fresh interior layout that places an instrument panel in front of the driver, instead of in the middle of the car, it\u2019s a bit more traditional but doesn\u2019t trade off any of its efficiency. in fact, it\u2019s even more parsimonious with a gallon of gas than prior priuses. and with available all-wheel drive, it promises additional sure-footedness as well. rounding out its balanced package is a compelling suite of standard advanced driver assistance systems, for enhanced on-road safety. lab results: our pros noted that the driver assistance technology was well-attuned, and that so much was included standard, like automated emergency braking and lane-keeping assist. the new model also sports larger screens for infotainment and controls that were appreciated. our fave feature: it bears repeating: the new prius is h-o-t. but even sexier is its ability to nurse nearly 60 miles from a gallon of gas. 2023 toyota prius, from $28,545 (base price). the pacifica is the swiss army knife of vehicles. it has the people-carrying capacity of a school bus. with available all-wheel drive, it has the all-weather sure-footedness of the most goat-like suv. with an available hybrid system, it has the efficiency of a much smaller car. with two rows of seats that literally disappear into the floor, it has the carrying capacity of a tractor trailer. it has more bins, charging ports, and cup holders than a tech-start-up headquarters in 2013. and with the availability of singular features \u2014 including an onboard vacuum, an intercom system, panopticon cameras for spying on your passengers, and quilted leather seats with matching pillows \u2014 it out-luxuries some six-figure luxury sedans. also, there\u2019s not another vehicle category on the market that features power-operated sliding doors, which make getting kids, kids\u2019 stuff, safety seats and cargo in and out remarkably easy. lab results: we've said it in our review of the pacifica and we'll say it again: \u201cthere\u2019s no better family vehicle than a minivan in terms of usability, capability, and features. and there\u2019s no better minivan than a pacifica.\u201d. our fave feature: the way the pacifica drives like a car, instead of like a truck (like many suvs.) this makes it easier to maneuver in and out of traffic, and in and out of trouble, rendering it safer. 2023 chrysler pacifica, from $38,615 (base price). the outback has existed for so long, and remained so true to its mission, that it has almost become a generic proprietary eponym, like kleenex for facial tissues or band-aid for plastic adhesive strips. moreover, in the nearly 30 years since its introduction, the market has come to it with an endless proliferation of high-riding, all-wheel drive, car-based \u201ccrossovers.\u201d but the outback remains special because it still adheres to the nearly defunct but compelling category of station wagon. though this form harkens back to a series of bygone eras in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, it remains extremely germane, because wagons are more slippery and nimble, and thus more efficient and safely maneuverable, than higher-riding and bulkier crossovers. with standard all-wheel drive, available advanced driver assistance systems, and the ability to be optioned up from basic to near-luxury without ever betraying its functional roots, the outback is that rarity in the current vehicle market: devoid of pretense. lab results: in our review of the outback we said, \u201csubaru didn\u2019t invent the high-riding, awd station wagon, but it did popularize and perfect it.\u201d dorian agrees it's well-suited for many, touting \"its rugged looks make it attractive to those with outdoorsy lifestyles, but the outback's practicality and ride comfort make it a good choice for families too.\". our fave feature: subarus have legendary reliability, with many models hitting the 200,000-mile mark with just basic maintenance. 2023 subaru outback, from $29,620 (base price). for many consumers, volvo is synonymous with wagons, and it recognizes that, which is why it still sells a few different ones in the u.s. but if you haven\u2019t checked out a volvo wagon since the brand\u2019s boxy zenith, it\u2019s time to take another look. the swedish marque had lost its rectilinearity and gone upscale \u2014 in a distinctly scandinavian paradigm. there is no ostentation or glitz here. just a refined and elegant functionality that is felt throughout the experience of driving and being a passenger. the xc90 coddles, but it never panders. it is secure without the need to telegraph that constantly. and, despite its slightly jacked-up all-wheel-drive utilitarianism, it is so chic and handsome that it can easily pass muster in places a subaru would be snubbed. capacious and serene in a way similar to only the most expensive suvs, it provides a distinct and distinguished sensation. lab results: definitely a splurge, dorian insists, \"the v90 cross country's warm and comforting cabin offers a compelling argument for its premium price.\". our fave feature: splurge for the upmarket \u201cultimate\u201d trim, and find yourself coddled by fine leathers, woods and even a crystal shift knob, while never feeling like a show-off. 2023 volvo v90 cross country, from $59,545 (base price). volkswagen popularized the concept of the \u201chot hatch\u201d 40 years ago with its first gti. now well into its eighth generation, it continues to define the segment, combining the practicality of a compact five-passenger hatchback with the elation of a sports car. the gti is one of those vehicles that is so intuitive that it feels like it knows you, making you feel more connected to the road, and, somehow, to yourself. how does this help as a family car? well, a car that is easier to maneuver, place, and push through traffic is a car that is fundamentally safer. not that the gti doesn\u2019t have its own suite of advanced driver assistance safety features, both standard and optional. but not all of us want to give up the joy of driving when we become parents, and vehicles like the gti allow us not to. this is what makes it the definitive \u201ccool mom\u201d or \u201ccool dad\u201d car. lab results: versatility often means sacrificing in some regard, but the gti delivers impressive acceleration and nimble handling while still delivering ample cargo space. our fave feature: gtis have always sported a black, white, and red tartan plaid on their seats, and this current one maintains the tradition. 2023 volkswagen golf gti , from $31,625 (base price). contemporary full-size pickup trucks are so popular in part because they do so many things well. in addition to handling the typical tasks of hauling people and stuff \u2014 lots of stuff \u2014 they\u2019ve also become the locus for domestic automakers' long-term focus on cushy insularity. trucks are our current version of the big, wide, floaty living room-on-wheels sedans of the past, with luxurious appointments, limousine-like legroom and cavernous carrying capacity. the fact that they happen to ride on jacked-up frames, with available four-wheel drive and frequent callbacks to cowboy/military themes says something about our desire to bunker up and protect our precious cargo. the current ram 1500 is the ultimate expression of this sentiment, and it does, superlatively, everything a 20-foot-long family vehicle should. lab results: considering its frame, we were notably impressed with its handling and its spacious, quiet interior. lest we forget though, it is big, bold, and brash, and it telegraphs to other motorists not to mess with you. as a parent, there can be something empowering about that. our fave feature: the locking compartments built into the side of the pickup bed are just one of many inventive and integrated cubbies and storage solutions. 2023 ram 1500, from $39,305 (base price). each year, our analysts drive tens of thousands of miles on varied terrains and differing climates to ensure the vehicles we're selecting live up to being solid family-friendly vehicles. we check safety ratings to help ensure you can get safely from point a to point b, but we also take into account elements within the vehicles that can thrill and delight. this past year alone, our team has installed, uninstalled, and reinstalled over 150 car seats; fed hungry toddlers; vacuumed up the crevices of dozens of cars; and paired and unpaired each vehicle with apple carplay or android auto where applicable. while we look at a lot of criteria, we ultimately want to ensure that the cars deliver well enough across the board, from comfort and convenience, intuitive infotainment and controls, practical features, and of course, core vehicle performance. here, more details on how we evaluate vehicles:. \u2714\ufe0f transmission: we note the smoothness, and reaction time of transmissions. while many are good while cruising, we take note under varied loads (intermittent passing, mid-speed turns, etc.). we look not only at how responsive the transmissions are, but also at how well (the computer) is able to select the appropriate (upshift, downshift, cvt rpm range) gear. \u2714\ufe0f visibility: we evaluate each car\u2019s forward facing, side, and rear visibility to see where, if any, blind spots are located. \u2714\ufe0f handling and maneuverability: after driving dozens of vehicles for hundreds of miles, we assess how nimble they are. the more maneuverable, the better! \u2714\ufe0f smoothness over bumps: we assess how well a vehicle can absorb bumps and potholes in the road without adding obtrusive noise. \u2714\ufe0f parking/turning radius: we check the ability to park the car in a space that is approximately 19 feet long. \u2714\ufe0f ease of getting in and out: low sports cars can require the driver to roll out of their seat to exit the vehicle, while higher set cars such as crossovers are more akin to getting out of a chair or stepping down from a stool. this factor is very important for the elderly and people with disabilities, and something we are mindful of while performing our evaluations. \u2714\ufe0f cup holders and console layout: our analysts evaluate the position and layout of the cup holders and console controls with respect to the driver position. are they easy to reach for the driver? design focused on the driver is important in this scoring category. \u2714\ufe0f trunk space: we look at the size and usability of rear trunk space. storage nets, spare tire placement, and freedom from intrusions (e.g., wheel wells, asymmetry, etc.) are also considered. \u2714\ufe0f car seat installation: we account for the location and accessibility of anchor points and other space requirements that make some cars easier to install in than others. \u2714\ufe0f interior storage layout: our team assesses the thoughtfulness of storage options throughout the car, taking into account overhead storage options, center console, door storage, back of seat storage, and adequacy of cup holder options. \u2714\ufe0f general comfort: we assess the general comfort in both the first and second rows. we consider ease of entering and exiting the second row, overall use of space, and center legroom. \u2714\ufe0f ease of connecting a phone: we evaluate the phone system for the simplicity of bluetooth or other setup, ease of placing a call, accessibility of controls, and overall integration. \u2714\ufe0f display of infotainment: the media display placement is evaluated by its clarity and orientation to the driver in order not to obstruct the view or draw attention away from the road. in the case of touch screens, whether the screen is within reach is considered. the primary display is evaluated for clarity, size, placement and field of view, likeliness for obstruction by hands based on standard 10/2 placement, and the range of options. good primary displays have large font speedometers and are easy to see without taking eyes off the road. \u2714\ufe0f hvac controls: the layout of the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning is evaluated for its placement, simplicity, and isolation from other controls which could confuse its function. \u2714\ufe0f steering wheel controls: steering wheel controls (e.g. audio, media, voice & phone commands, cruise control, etc.) are rated more positively for clear placement, accurate symbols or words, and categorization. \u2714\ufe0f exterior controls: exterior controls (e.g. windshield wipers, lights, cruise, etc) are evaluated for their accessibility, both dash and steering wheel mounted (when applicable), and function/usefulness and responsiveness in the case of touch screens. and of course, we are privileged to leverage the expertise and authority of the brilliant team at car and driver, also owned by our parent company hearst, to help support all of our picks. this team has track-tested all of the cars, performed both regimented and long-term rides, and can attest to the reliability and practicality of these vehicles. they can provide us with metrics on acceleration, passing acceleration, noise while cruising and idle, braking and road holding. brett berk (he/him) is a former preschool teacher and early childhood center director who spent a decade as a youth and family researcher and now covers the topics of kids and the auto industry for publications including cnn, the new york times, popular mechanics and more. he has published a parenting book, the gay uncle\u2019s guide to parenting, and since 2008 has driven and reviewed thousands of cars for car and driver and road & track, where he is contributing editor. he has also written for architectural digest, billboard, elle decor, esquire, gq, travel + leisure and vanity fair. the best camping gear of 2023, chosen by experts. the best travel gear and accessories. 14 best luggage brands for every type of traveler. 8 best pop-up canopies. the best car organizers for busy families. is away luggage actually worth buying? 5 best luggage trackers of 2023. 10 best coolers for 2023. 7 best car vacuums of 2023. the eternal allure of boxy cars. honda accord first drive: the best gets better. volvo ex90: everything you need to know. a part of hearst digital media. good housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. we believe the best memories are created when families do fun things together. every day is an opportunity to create new stories. things to do features. if your car is starting to feel a little crowded\u2014or if your kids are complaining that they don\u2019t have enough usb ports, cupholders, or wifi to get them through the drive\u2014maybe 2023 is the year you ditch your old wheels for something new. whether you\u2019re looking for a reliable minivan to haul your brood or a comfortable sedan that\u2019ll fit two car seats, there\u2019s a mover for every kind of family. here\u2019s our list of the best family cars for 2023 (including minivans, and suvs, of course!) according to experts. it's no surprise that honda's iconic family hauler consistently scores top grades on kelley blue book's roster of the best minivans: it has everything a parent might want when lugging around a load full of kiddos. sure, there's no denying the less-than-chic minivan style, but... so what? it comes with an attached vacuum cleaner. and a camera to keep watch on those bickering backseat antics. and room for a whole basketball team! kbb praised the odyssey for its \"generous standard equipment,\" excellent safety scores, \"well-considered interior,\u201d and great resale values. here's what else the infamous mom car has going for it:\u00a0best family friendly features:seats up to eight, with latch accommodations for up to five car seats (it\u2019s also the only minivan to earn an iihs top rating for ease of use of its latch child seat attachment hardware)amazing \u201cmagic slide\u201d second-row seats let you move the seats not just backward and forward (to get closer to you, perhaps)\u2014but also side to side, meaning if two of your kids refuse to get their hands off each other in the back seat, you can split them up and put some space between them, mid-argument (be sure to pull over, of course.)\u00a0folding 10-inch screen for back seat passengers can stream movies and gamesthe \u201ccabin watch\u201d camera lets you keep an eye on your backseat passengers, even in the dark, and the \u201ccabin talk\u201d feature allows you to talk to rear passengers through the speakers and the dvd headphonesthe split-folding third row offers room for strollers (even unfolded ones) and offers hefty storage space when seats aren\u2019t folded into the floor\u00a0remote start abilities let you warm up or cool down the car before you step insmart entry, a walk-away locking system, will automatically unlock the car when you come near and lock it when you walk away (no need to fish around your purse for your keys)an 8-inch display touchscreen infotainment system with apple carplay and android auto, apple carplay/ android auto\u00a0the optional cellular plan allows you to stream videos directly to your carin-car wifi\u00a0wireless charging pad in the front seat, as well as front and rear usb portssunshades for second and third-row passengers\u00a0tri-zone climate controla hands-free power tailgate lets you open the trunk by kicking your foot under the rear bumpersafety features:eight standard airbags, including knee airbags for the front seats and side-impact curtain protection for all three rows\u00a0all trims include honda sensing (which features collision mitigation braking system with pedestrian detection; forward collision warning; road departure mitigation, incorporating lane departure warning; lane keeping assist system; traffic sign recognition; and active cruise control with a forward-collision warning system)automatic emergency braking applies the brakes when the car detects that a frontal collision is unavoidablelane-departure warning, lane-keep assist, and road departure mitigation all help keep you from veering off the roadthe blind spot information system will alert you if vehicles are detected in your blind spots when changing lanesthe multi-angle rearview camera gives you extra eyes when backing upsnow mode recalibrates the car\u2019s traction system for more control in winter weatherrear seat occupant reminder notifies you to check the back seats before you get outstarting price: $37,490online: honda.com. it's no surprise that honda's iconic family hauler consistently scores top grades on kelley blue book's roster of the best minivans: it has everything a parent might want when lugging around a load full of kiddos. sure, there's no denying the less-than-chic minivan style, but... so what? it comes with an attached vacuum cleaner. and a camera to keep watch on those bickering backseat antics. and room for a whole basketball team! kbb praised the odyssey for its \"generous standard equipment,\" excellent safety scores, \"well-considered interior,\u201d and great resale values. here's what else the infamous mom car has going for it:. best family friendly features:. starting price: $37,490. coming in number 1 in car and driver's 2023 rankings of minivans, the stylish and roomy pacifica is praised as being \"the preeminent family-friendly utility vehicle in the age of the age of the suv.\" kelley blue book also raves about the family-mover, calling it a \"practical minivan that offers much appeal to busy families\" with a rich, \"luxury-like\" interior. it's also one of only two minivans to offer all-wheel drive (the other being the toyota sienna), a huge bonus if you live in snowy or rainy climates. \u00a0best family friendly features:seating for 7 (the touring l model offers an optional second-row bench seat to make a total capacity of 8)stow 'n' go seats, which allow the rear seats to fold completely into the floor (helpful when you're lugging around stuff instead of kids)\u00a0 \u00a0optional top-view \"famcam\" interior camera system that can keep eyes on the back seat\u2014even infants in rear-facing car seatsin-car vacuum\u00a0optional hands-free lift-gate, so you can open the trunk without having to push any buttonsuconnect infotainment system offers apple carplay/android auto, hd radio and satellite radio, and over-the-air (ota) software updates\u00a0optional back seat 10.1-inch touchscreens, with wireless streaming, wireless headphones, amazon fire tv for auto, and built-in video gamesheated steering wheel (not a wholly \"family-friendly feature, but nice for mom and dad, just the same!)up to 12 usb ports throughout the cabinhands-free sliding door and power tailgate lets you open the doors and trunk by simply kicking your foot under the doorsthe remote start feature lets you warm up or cool down the car before you get intri-zone temperature control so everyone can be comfortablesafety features:\u00a0standard v6 engineoptional all-wheel drivestandard automated emergency braking with pedestrian detectionstandard blind spot monitoring with rear cross-traffic alertstandard adaptive cruise control and lane departure warningactive park assistautomatic high beamsforward collision warningparking sensors\u00a0siriusxm guardian emergency sos360 surround view back-up camerastarting price: $37,020* (*according to kelley blue book; the chrylser website didn't have the 2023 model on its website as of this publishing)online: chrysler.com. coming in number 1 in car and driver's 2023 rankings of minivans, the stylish and roomy pacifica is praised as being \"the preeminent family-friendly utility vehicle in the age of the age of the suv.\" kelley blue book also raves about the family-mover, calling it a \"practical minivan that offers much appeal to busy families\" with a rich, \"luxury-like\" interior. it's also one of only two minivans to offer all-wheel drive (the other being the toyota sienna), a huge bonus if you live in snowy or rainy climates. best family friendly features:. starting price: $37,020* (*according to kelley blue book; the chrylser website didn't have the 2023 model on its website as of this publishing). the highest-rated minivan by consumer reports, this stylish hauler looks more like an suv than a minivan, which is a definite plus for those parents staunchly opposed to the \u201cmom car\u201d aesthetic. with seating for up to 8 and a roomy, sleek interior (the second-row seats recline with optional leg rests!), kelley blue book calls the carnival \u201cthe ideal minivan for people who would rather not buy a minivan.\u201d\u00a0best family friendly features:seating for up to 8 (in ex and sx models; the lx and sx prestige models have seating for 7)sliding/removable second-row seats and reclining third-row seats that fold into the floorthe sx prestige comes with second-row \u201cvip lounge seats\u201d that slide and recline with leg rests at the push of a button (note: these seats do not stow into the floor)\u201cquiet mode\u201d funnels the sound through only the front speakers\u2014which is a great feature when the littles are snoozing in the back.optional intercom lets you easily talk to backseat passengerspassenger camera lets you see what\u2019s going on in backhands-free sliding doors open the doors without you having to fumble for the keysslide flex seating allows the center seat in the second row to slide forward, making it easier for front-rowers to reach a child sitting there. when not used for seating, this seat can also turn into a table for the second or third rows of seats8-inch touchscreen with wireless apple carplay/android auto smartphone integration, bluetooth, usb ports for all three rows, and six speakersthe remote start feature lets you warm up or cool down the car before you get intri-zone temperature control, so everyone can be comfortableheated front seatssafety features:\u00a0standard v6 enginestandard forward collision warning with automatic emergency braking and pedestrian and cyclist detectionblind-spot monitoring with rear cross-traffic alertsafe exit assistlane-keeping and lane-following assistance.standard automated emergency braking with pedestrian detectionrear and front parking sensorsautomatic high beamsparking sensors\u00a0360-degree camera system10-year/ 100,000-mile powertrain warranty\u00a0starting price: $32,900*\u00a0online: kia.com. the highest-rated minivan by consumer reports, this stylish hauler looks more like an suv than a minivan, which is a definite plus for those parents staunchly opposed to the \u201cmom car\u201d aesthetic. with seating for up to 8 and a roomy, sleek interior (the second-row seats recline with optional leg rests!), kelley blue book calls the carnival \u201cthe ideal minivan for people who would rather not buy a minivan.\u201d. best family friendly features:. starting price: $32,900*. related:\u00a0heck yeah, i bought a minivan. if you\u2019re more into driving a truck than piloting a minivan, the ford expedition may be your best bet. rated the number 1 large suv by kelley blue book, the expedition is a roomy, stylish mover with \u201cmuscular capabilities\u201d and a \u201cfamily-friendly interior.\u201d want power and reliability? kbb says the expedition \u201ccan haul the whole family and lots of cargo while towing a boat without breaking a sweat.\u201d\u00a0best family friendly features:huge interior cargo space, especially in the max version (which is a foot longer than the standard model)seating for up to 8optional second-row captain seats with a walk-through console so your kids can get to the third rowpower-fold the second and third rows for when you\u2019ve got to carry gear, luggage, or the dog in the backa hands-free liftgate for easy access to the trunksecond-row usb ports, plus optional wireless device charging in the front seatthe 15.5-inch high-def touch display is the biggest in its classapple carplay and android autorear seat entertainment systems with amazon fire tv lets kids stream videos, play games, listen to music, get information, and watch downloaded shows and movies\u00a0\u00a0the remote start system lets the car warm up before you get inoptional massaging front seats available in platinum trim4g lte wi-fi hotspotpower-folding running boards act as a step-stool for kids (and rickety grandparents) to get into the seatsit\u2019s built more like the ford f-150 truck than the ford escape, which makes it great at towing heavy loads (if you\u2019re going on, say, an all-summer road trip)safety features:forward collision warningautomatic emergency braking with pedestrian detection (warns if a front impact is imminent and will brake for you if you don\u2019t respond in time)reverse brake assist: backing senses oncoming pedestrians and vehicles while you are backing up; alerts the driver and brakes if the vehicle is at risk of a collisionthe lane-keeping system makes small steering corrections to keep the vehicle centered in its laneroad edge detection engages the steering system to help you maintain your position in the lane on roads with a visible line or a clear edgeavailable intersection assist uses the front camera and radar sensors to detect oncoming traffic while you are attempting to turn left. if there\u2019s a risk of a potential collision with an oncoming vehicle, the car will alert you and apply the brakesa blind spot monitor with cross-traffic alert (warns you if a vehicle is in your blind spot during a lane change or while reversing)available all-wheel drivecross-traffic alert360-degree cameraadaptive cruise control with speed sign recognition and lane-centering technology is available on upper trimsford bluecruise hands-free highway driver-assist technology allows drivers to operate their vehicle hands-free on the highway while being monitored by a driver-facing camera to ensure they keep their eyes on the road (available in platinum trim)starting price: $55,125online:\u00a0ford.com. if you\u2019re more into driving a truck than piloting a minivan, the ford expedition may be your best bet. rated the number 1 large suv by kelley blue book, the expedition is a roomy, stylish mover with \u201cmuscular capabilities\u201d and a \u201cfamily-friendly interior.\u201d want power and reliability? kbb says the expedition \u201ccan haul the whole family and lots of cargo while towing a boat without breaking a sweat.\u201d. best family friendly features:. starting price: $55,125. this sleek and rugged suv made both kelley blue book\u00a0and consumer reports\u2019 number 1 ranking for three-row suvs, thanks to what cr called a \u201crefined driving experience, user-friendly controls, thoughtful features, and vast cargo room.\u201d car and driver magazine also praised its \u201cnear-luxury experience,\u201d raving about its \u201celevated experience that's comparable to suvs that cost twice as much.\u201d\u00a0best family friendly features:seating for up to 8 (with room in the third row to comfortably fit an adult)available heated and ventilated front and second-row seatsin-car intercom to talk to rear passengersavailable reclining dual captain\u2019s chairs that slide forward with the push of a button for easy access to the third rowdual rear sunroofs\u201cquiet mode\u201d will shut off all rear speakers (so as not to wake little nappers) and play audio up front at a low levelusb ports for all passengers plus available wireless chargingapple carplay and android auto to easily connect your music and appsremote climate feature that lets you use your phone to warm up or cool down your car before you get insidefind my car system helps you locate your car in a crowded parking lotone-touch sliding and folding second and third-row seatshands-free opening and closing rear cargo door12.3-inch infotainment display (up from 10.25 last year) with a split-screen function\u00a0safety features:optional all-wheel drive\u00a0the blind spot view monitor shows a live feed of your right rear blind spots and stops you if you try to change lanes while an object is detected in the blind spotthe rear occupant alert system can tell if you left your car with someone in the back seat\u2014and alerts you accordinglystandard safe exit assist helps you get off the freeway without worrythe 10-inch head up display gives you important driving information (speed and road turns) on the front dash, so you don\u2019t have to look down at your console while driving\u00a0smart cruise control keeps your car a safe distance from cars in front of you and stops your car if neededemergency braking and warning system will warn you of stopped objects ahead and will apply brakes if neededlane-keeping technology keeps you from straying out of your laneeight inches of ground clearance keeps the bottom of your car safe from bumps and off-road obstaclesstarting price: $35,690online: kia.com. this sleek and rugged suv made both kelley blue book\u00a0and consumer reports\u2019 number 1 ranking for three-row suvs, thanks to what cr called a \u201crefined driving experience, user-friendly controls, thoughtful features, and vast cargo room.\u201d car and driver magazine also praised its \u201cnear-luxury experience,\u201d raving about its \u201celevated experience that's comparable to suvs that cost twice as much.\u201d. best family friendly features:. starting price: $35,690. this three-row family hauler won second place in the consumer reports list of mid-size, three-row suvs (behind the telluride, for the second year in a row), with reviewers saying \u201cit gets a lot of things right, especially safety, and it gets even better for 2023. consumer reports calls it \u201ca smart choice for families looking for a do-it-all vehicle.\u201d it\u2019s also an economical choice, with car & driver magazine saying that if you opt for one of the higher trims, you\u2019ll \u201cenjoy a more luxurious environment that just about matches the offerings of a lexus-branded suv.\u201d\u00a0\u00a0best family friendly features:seating for up to 8 depending on the modelavailable hybrid option teaches kids about environmental stewardship (and saves you money on gas!)the infotainment system offers android auto, apple carplay, and alexa integrationthe hands-free power liftgate for the xle and xse trims makes it easier for you to open the trunk when your hands are fullthe seat belt reminder system will alert you and show you exactly which passenger (via a map on the dashboard) has unbuckled during a drivethe 8-inch infotainment system comes standard, but dual 12.3-inch touchscreen displays are available on higher trims \u00a0wireless charging ports in the front rowavailable heated front and second-row seatseight cup holders, six bottle holderspanoramic moon roofconcave conversation mirror to keep an eye on the back seatwifi connectivity with 5 usb ports throughout the carsafety features:turbocharged four-cylinder engine with an 8-speed automatic transmission helps the car climb hills and accelerate on the highway (consumer reports called its drive \u201csmooth and punchy.\u201d)standard forward-collision warning with emergency brakingautomatic emergency braking with pedestrian detectionlane departure warninglane-keeping assistancefront and rear parking assistadaptive cruise controlblind spot warning (standard on the hybrid)standard led headlights with standard auto high beamsavailable all-wheel drive\u00a0road sign assist will recognize road signs and alert accordingly\u00a0multi-terrain select (available on all-wheel-drive models) lets you choose between four modes (mud & sand, rock & dirt, snow and normal) for enhanced tractiontoyota\u2019s safety and remote connect service (free for one year) offers remote engine starting, location tracking, and locking/unlocking\u00a0free 3-year subscription to toyota\u2019s safety connect, which enables emergency crash notification and calls for help when the airbags are deployed\u00a0digital rearview mirror (for when the stroller and other things are blocking your rearview)road sign assist is designed to detect speed limit signs, stop signs, do not enter signs, and yield signs and display them on the multi-information displaystarting price: $36,420online: toyota.com. this three-row family hauler won second place in the consumer reports list of mid-size, three-row suvs (behind the telluride, for the second year in a row), with reviewers saying \u201cit gets a lot of things right, especially safety, and it gets even better for 2023. consumer reports calls it \u201ca smart choice for families looking for a do-it-all vehicle.\u201d it\u2019s also an economical choice, with car & driver magazine saying that if you opt for one of the higher trims, you\u2019ll \u201cenjoy a more luxurious environment that just about matches the offerings of a lexus-branded suv.\u201d. best family friendly features:. starting price: $36,420. related:\u00a024 car games to play on your next road trip. named the top compact suv of the year by consumer reports for the second year in a row, the 2023 forester is described as \u201ca well-executed small suv that boasts a roomy interior, great fuel economy, and a comfortable ride.\u201d it's a top safety pick by the insurance institute for highway safety, and car and driver\u00a0calls it \"a compact crossover with outdoorsy street cred.\"best family friendly features:roomy seating for 5compatible with android auto and apple carplaypower liftgate for easy access to the trunkheated front (and rear, in higher trims) seats; ventilated front seatsoptional moonroof11.6-inch vertical touch screen in the center consoletwo usb ports in front; two optional ones in the rear.built-in wifi hotspot connectivityremote engine start lets you warm up or cool down your car from your smartphonerear seat reminder system will remind you to check the back seat before you exit the carsafety features:\u201ctop safety pick plus\u201d by the insurance institute for highway safetyforward collision warningautomatic pre-collision brakinga lane departure warning will notify you if you stray out of your lanethe blind spot detection system notifies you if it detects vehicles in your blind spotsrear cross-traffic warning alerts you to oncoming cars while backing up (super-helpful when backing out of your driveway or a parking spot)reverse automatic braking will first give a visual and audible warning\u2014then apply the brakes and stop the car\u2014if there is an object in the rear bumper zone that the vehicle may hitautomatic emergency steering (optional)standard all-wheel drivesubaru starlink will alert an operator if your car is involved in a crash and get you roadside help at the push of a buttoneyesight advanced safety with a wide-angle camera (new for 2023) keeps you a safe distance from the car in front of you; it also detects objects in front of you that you\u2019re likely to hit and reduces power to the engine to help minimize the force and impact of a collisionfront and rear camera views keep you from missing anything on the road in front or behind youup to 9.2-inches of ground clearance makes off-road (or on-road) bumps no problemstandard rear seatbelt reminder will tell you which seat is unbuckledmy subaru app lets you set speed limits and boundaries to alert you if your (teenage) driver is speeding or going somewhere they\u2019re not supposed to gostarting price: $26,395online: subaru.com. named the top compact suv of the year by consumer reports for the second year in a row, the 2023 forester is described as \u201ca well-executed small suv that boasts a roomy interior, great fuel economy, and a comfortable ride.\u201d it's a top safety pick by the insurance institute for highway safety, and car and driver\u00a0calls it \"a compact crossover with outdoorsy street cred.\". best family friendly features:. starting price: $26,395. if you don't need three rows to chauffeur your gang around town, this compact suv was rated number 1 on kelley blue book's 2-row suv category, standing out for its roomy interior (it has one of the roomiest cabins in its class), fuel-efficient drive (29 mpg), and excellent safety ratings. with \"unique styling that\u2019s sleek and refined with a hint of ruggedness,\" its small footprint makes it easy to maneuver and gives it a sportier drive than bigger suvs.\u00a0best family friendly features:\u00a0seating for 5the back seat is roomy enough for three full-size car seats15.3 cubit feet of trunk space is big enough to fit a double strollerwireless charging pad in the front seatstandard 8-inch touchscreen/ available 10.5-inch touchscreen (both have apple carplay and android auto)kia connect lets you remotely access your car to adjust cabin temperature, lock or unlock the doors or find your car (like, if you've lost it in the target parking lot\u00a0split rear folding seats for when you need to make the trunk space even bigger\u00a0front and rear usb charger for keeping devices juiced upthe remote keyless entry feature means no more fumbling for your keysinsurance institute for highway safety top safety picksafety features:\u00a0available turbocharged engine\u00a0available all-wheel driveblind-spot detection technology with collision avoidance will apply the brakes if you try to change lanes while an object is detected in your blind spotlane keeping and lane following assistauto emergency braking technology will detect a potential collision and apply the brakes if neededrear cross-traffic collision-avoidance assist will detect if anything is in your way when backing up and stop the car if neededsafe exit assist will alert you if opening your door will result in a collision with a cyclist or carforward collision-avoidance with cyclist and pedestrian detectiondriver attention warning to alert you if you're getting sleepy while driving or not looking at the roaddigital rearview camera helps you see what's behind you (on the center console screen) even if a stroller or car seat is blocking your view out the back windowsstarting price: $23,140online: kia.com. if you don't need three rows to chauffeur your gang around town, this compact suv was rated number 1 on kelley blue book's 2-row suv category, standing out for its roomy interior (it has one of the roomiest cabins in its class), fuel-efficient drive (29 mpg), and excellent safety ratings. with \"unique styling that\u2019s sleek and refined with a hint of ruggedness,\" its small footprint makes it easy to maneuver and gives it a sportier drive than bigger suvs. best family friendly features:. starting price: $23,140. consumer reports gave this stylish hybrid the number one spot on its list of best midsize suvs, praising its \"power, quietness, and 30 mpg overall fuel economy.\" it's also a multiple winner of kelley blue book's best buy award, with its impressive fuel economy and generous pricing.\u00a0best family friendly features:\u00a0seating for 5, with up to 44-inches of legroom\u00a0an 8-inch touch screen comes standard; 10.25-inch on higher modelsheated front seats are standard, with heated rear seats available on the limited editiona hands-free tailgate makes it easy to open the trunk when your hands are fullthe hybrid version can teach kids about environmental stewardship (and gets 30 mpg)\u00a0the rear seat motion-detecting feature can help remind the driver to check the rear seat before leaving the car so kids or pets aren't left insideandroid auto and apple carplaythe remote start feature lets you warm up or cool down before you get in the car\u00a0four usb charging ports (two in front, two in back)built-in wi-fi for up to five devicessafety features:\u00a0standard all-wheel drivesmartsense system comes standard with collision avoidance, pedestrian/cyclist detection and automatic emergency braking, lane-keeping assistance/lane departure warning, and blind-spot collision avoidance.\u00a0highway driving assist (lane centering)360-degree camera system available in the sel premium trim\u00a0blind-spot view monitor shows video of both sides of the vehicle in the driver information display\u00a0\u00a0navigation-based cruise control can read the road and speed up or slow down accordingly at curvesremote smart parking assist can help you get into hard-to-fit parking spots while standing outside the vehiclesafe exit assist warns you that opening your doors could result in a collision with a car or cyclistthree years of free sos and automatic crash notification to alert emergency services of an accidentstarting price: $35,660\u00a0online: hyundaiusa.com. consumer reports gave this stylish hybrid the number one spot on its list of best midsize suvs, praising its \"power, quietness, and 30 mpg overall fuel economy.\" it's also a multiple winner of kelley blue book's best buy award, with its impressive fuel economy and generous pricing. best family friendly features:. starting price: $35,660. online: hyundaiusa.com. related:\u00a0mystery road trips are perfect for all kinds of families\u2014even yours. named the number 1 luxury full-size suv (and number 2 for the l version) by kelley blue book, this roomy family hauler is described as a \"super-sized, uber-luxurious suv that goes toe to toe with established premium 3-row suvs like the cadillac escalade and lincoln navigator.\" says car and driver:\u00a0\"before the grand wagoneer arrived,\u00a0jeep had never built an suv so big and luxurious.\"well, now they have. here's what to expect with the fancy off-roader:\u00a0best family friendly features:seating for up to 8, with award-winning second and third-row legroomavailable heated and ventilated front seats plus a four-zone climate control24-way power front seats with massage and power-adjustable head restraintsusb ports for all passengers plus wireless charging in frontwireless apple carplay, android auto, and alexa-enabled so you can easily connect your music and appspremium audio system featuring 23 speakers, including a 12-inch subwoofer with 3d surround system,most cargo volume in its class behind the third rowpower-folding seats in both back rowsup to 75 inches of total screen display, including a 10-and 12-inch center stack touchscreen and two 10-inch touchscreens available for second-row passengersamazon fire tv with alexa, including access to hundreds of thousands of movies, tv shows, and appslarge panoramic sunroof that opens over the front and second-row seats; fixed window panel over the third-row seats also availablea rear-seat monitoring system that displays a video feed onto the central touchscreensafety features:standard all-wheel drive and suspension are built for rugged terrainselec-terrain traction management system has various settings for different terrain and weather, including rock, sand/mud, snow, and sport\u2014all of which help the car handle all weather conditionshead-up display lets you see the controls/speed on the windshield in front of youavailable digital rearview mirror (for when car seats or gear in the back is blocking your rear window view)forward collision warning and automatic emergency braking will warn\u2014and then stop the car\u2014to avoid a frontal collisionblind spot warningadaptive cruise control with lane-keeping assistancerear cross-traffic warning, as well as rear park assist sensors that will stop the vehicle if neededavailable 360-degree surround view and night vision with a pedestrian, cyclist, and animal detection camerahands-free active driving assist allows for hands-free driving on an approved roadintersection assist will warn drivers in intersections if a car is approaching from the right or left and apply brakes if neededavailable drowsy driver detection will detect driver fatigue and monitor steering wheel behavior; if it detects an issue, it will warn you with an alertan automatic parking system can park the car for youstarting price:$88,640online:\u00a0jeep.com. named the number 1 luxury full-size suv (and number 2 for the l version) by kelley blue book, this roomy family hauler is described as a \"super-sized, uber-luxurious suv that goes toe to toe with established premium 3-row suvs like the cadillac escalade and lincoln navigator.\" says car and driver:\u00a0\"before the grand wagoneer arrived,\u00a0jeep had never built an suv so big and luxurious.\". well, now they have. here's what to expect with the fancy off-roader:. best family friendly features:. starting price:$88,640. sleek and stylish, this five-seater suv is\u00a0 rated number 1 in kelley blue book's luxury midsize suv category, calling it \"some of the finest premium automobiles money can buy.\" reviewers called it a class leader due to its \"roomy, luxurious interior, fantastic engine choices, and outstanding value proposition.\" it's also great for families thanks to its excellent safety scores, enviable tech, and smooth, quiet drive.\u00a0best family friendly features:seating for up to 7option to turn off the audible lane departure warning alert and use a vibration alert instead (useful when a baby is napping in the back!)insurance institute of highway safety top safety pick for 2022heated front seats; available heated second-row seatsusb charger for every passenger\u00a0\u00a0lay-flat third seats make for massive cargo space for gear, strollers, and groceries14.5-inch touchscreen display with apple carplay, android auto, and navigation systemavailable\u00a0remote smart parking assist lets you stand and watch (from the sidewalk!) as the gv70 takes over and parks your car in\u00a0 even hard-to-fit spotsgenesis \"digital key\" lets you use your phone as a key to open the driver's door, open the trunk, or start the enginethe hands-free power liftgate lets you open the trunk when your hands are full\u00a0a smooth, quiet ride makes it an easy nap space (hello, quiet time!)front seat massage settings, plus an option to make the side bolsters snugger when you turn on sport modebest-in-class 5-year/60,000-mile basic warranty and 10-year/100,000-mile powertrain warrantyavailable 21-speaker sound system\u00a0\u00a0safety features:\u00a0all-wheel drive comes standard in all modelsforward and rear collision warning and assist will warn you if a collision is imminent (and apply the brakes if necessary)automatic emergency braking with pedestrian and cyclist detectionthe blind spot view monitor displays a live view of your blind spot in the instrument clusterwhen initiating a lane change, blind-spot collision-avoidance assist senses potential hazards on both sides and can apply the brakes to reduce the risk or severity of an accidentrear cross-traffic warning with rear automatic brakinglane departure warning and lane-keeping assistance help you stay in your lane\u00a0turbocharged 4-cylinder engine with optional turbocharged v6 help you zip in and out of traffic\u00a0\u00a0driver attention warning alerts you if you are dozing off or not paying attention to the roaddynamic voice recognition can control climate settings, get directions, and change audio channels, so you don't have to take your hands off the steering wheelstarting price: $55,550\u00a0online: genesis.com. sleek and stylish, this five-seater suv is\u00a0 rated number 1 in kelley blue book's luxury midsize suv category, calling it \"some of the finest premium automobiles money can buy.\" reviewers called it a class leader due to its \"roomy, luxurious interior, fantastic engine choices, and outstanding value proposition.\" it's also great for families thanks to its excellent safety scores, enviable tech, and smooth, quiet drive. best family friendly features:. starting price: $55,550. related:\u00a0the ultimate guide to the american road trip. sure, sedans make up only 22.1 percent of new car sales in the u.s., according to this new york times article\u2014but not everyone wants to drive an suv or minivan. but being a parent doesn't mean you have to give up your traditional car-driving days. sedans can be perfect cars for small families, offering fuel-efficient options, affordable prices, plenty of tech, and space for car seats. look at the all-new honda accord: the roomy five-seater topped kelley blue book's list of best sedans for 2022 and 2023, offering great fuel economy (30/38 mpg), good tech options, and a ton of safety features.best family friendly features:u.s. news calls the interior \u201ccavernous,\u201d with comfortable seating for five and room for three car seats/boosters in the back row16.7 cubic feet of trunk space makes for one of the biggest in its class, says\u00a0edmunds.passenger seats have tons of pockets and bins for all your kids\u2019 books and small itemsavailable heated and ventilated seatsa back seat big enough for three car seats, according to carmax.\u00a0dual-zone climate control keeps everyone happy and warm (or cool)drawer inside the trunk for storing smaller items that may roll around while you\u2019re drivingcargo hook for hanging grocery bags in the trunkstandard 7-inch touchscreen/ 12.3-inch for top trimsapple car play and android auto for connecting your phone\u2019s apps and music to the carall new google built-in lets you control select vehicle functions by voice with google assistant, get directions and live traffic updates with google maps, and download music, podcasts, audiobooks, and more with google play.wifi hotspot connectivityimpressive fuel efficiency at 30 city/38 highway mpg for the standard model; 48/47 mpg for the hybrid modelsafety features:the updated 1.5-liter turbo engine (lx, ex) adds refinement and responsiveness while remaining fuel efficient\u00a0next-gen front airbags designed to reduce traumatic brain and neck injuriesthe collision mitigation braking system will automatically apply brakes when the car detects a collision is unavoidableroad departure mitigation system detects if you\u2019re straying from your lane and will help correct you or apply brakes if neededavailable head up display shows important driving information\u2014speed, directions, and incoming calls\u2014in the driver\u2019s line of sight.\u00a0remotely lock your car or see the fuel status from your phoneblind spot information system, updated for 2023 to have 82 feet of radar rangetraffic sign recognition\u00a0\u00a0a multi-angle rearview camera with available cross-traffic monitor, plus a wide-angle radar with a 120-degree field of viewsmart entry with walk away auto-lock lets you lock and unlock your car without taking out your keysrear occupant seat reminder makes sure you don\u2019t forget anyone in the back when you exit the car\u00a0stolen vehicle locator, remote immobilizer, and a find-my-vehicle functionstarting price: $26,520\u00a0online:\u00a0honda.com. sure, sedans make up only 22.1 percent of new car sales in the u.s., according to this new york times article\u2014but not everyone wants to drive an suv or minivan. but being a parent doesn't mean you have to give up your traditional car-driving days. sedans can be perfect cars for small families, offering fuel-efficient options, affordable prices, plenty of tech, and space for car seats. look at the all-new honda accord: the roomy five-seater topped kelley blue book's list of best sedans for 2022 and 2023, offering great fuel economy (30/38 mpg), good tech options, and a ton of safety features. best family friendly features:. starting price: $26,520. sure, you may only be driving to the school pick-up line, but who says you can't cruise in style? the lexus es has all the safety and tech to keep the kids protected and entertained, plus the looks, luxury, and reputation of a high-end vehicle. kelley blue book called it the \"best luxury mid-size car for\u00a0 2023\u2014and last year, it won the top spot on kbb's list of the best safety-rated sedans. and, while technically a \"luxury\" car, it nabbed kbb's \"best buy of 2023\" award, with a starting price of $42,490.best family friendly features:available heated and ventilated seats, plus\u00a0a heated steering wheel.the dual-zone climate control keeps everyone happy, and the \u201clexus climate concierge\u201d automatically adjusts the temperature and seat heater settings based on the outside and cabin temperaturequiet cabin, with\u00a0kelley bluebook\u00a0calling it an \u201coasis of calm\u201dhigh-end mark levinson pureplay surround sounduse your voice to control various car functions such as temperature and radio station (just say, \"hey lexus\")wireless phone chargingstandard 8-inch (or optional 12.3-inch) touchscreen infotainment center comes with a navigation systemapple car play and android auto for connecting your phone apps and music to the car\u2014plus built-in alexa integration4g wifi connectivitysix usb ports (four in front; two in back) so everyone stays charged on the roada hybrid model is easier on the environment (and your wallet), running about 42 miles per gallonthe trunk can open and close with a kick under the rear bumperavailable all-wheel-drivelower latch anchors are easy to access with pop-off covers, though the car probably won't fit three car seatssafety features:blind spot warningpanoramic view monitor uses four high-resolution cameras mounted on the front, sides, and rear of the vehicle to give drivers a bird\u2019s-eye view of the immediate areaa rear cross-traffic warning will alert you if someone is approaching as you are backing outautomatic emergency braking with pedestrian and cyclist detection will automatically apply brakes when the car detects a collision is unavoidablethe \u201csway warning\u201d will give an audible alert if the vehicle is straying from its laneadaptive cruise control and lane-keeping assistintersection turning assist warns drivers of any oncoming vehicles when turning left across an intersection; it also looks for pedestrians on left and right turnsintuitive parking assist with auto brakingautomatic high beamsoptional front and rear parking sensorsheads-up display projects speed, gear and rpm onto the windshield in front of you, so you can more easily keep your eyes on the roadsiri eyes free and google assistant are supported with a paired phone.3.5-liter v6 engine gets you from 0-60 mph in 6.9 seconds (great for merging into highway traffic)rear seat belt reminder will alert you\u2014and get increasingly louder\u2014if someone unbuckles while drivingstarting price:\u00a0$40,800online:\u00a0lexus.com. sure, you may only be driving to the school pick-up line, but who says you can't cruise in style? the lexus es has all the safety and tech to keep the kids protected and entertained, plus the looks, luxury, and reputation of a high-end vehicle. kelley blue book called it the \"best luxury mid-size car for\u00a0 2023\u2014and last year, it won the top spot on kbb's list of the best safety-rated sedans. and, while technically a \"luxury\" car, it nabbed kbb's \"best buy of 2023\" award, with a starting price of $42,490. best family friendly features:. starting price:\u00a0$40,800. by signing up to tinybeans newsletters you agree to our terms and\n        privacy policy. looking for a new family car? u.s. news & world report released its 2023 \u201cbest cars for families\u201d list on tuesday, which was drawn up by evaluating 92 vehicles to select the best family-friendly models across nine categories, including sport utility vehicles, electric vehicles and minivans. u.s. news best cars, which is the automotive channel of u.s. news & world report, has run this \u201cbest cars\u201d list since 2007,  grading vehicles on a variety of factors, including: safety and reliability ratings, seating and cargo volume, as well as family-friendly features like in-car wireless internet and hands-free cargo doors. the report does not select a single \u201cwinner,\u201d choosing instead to highlight nine winners by category, which can be found below:. \u25cf best 2-row suv for families: 2023 hyundai santa fe\u25cf best hybrid car for families: 2023 toyota camry hybrid\u25cf best minivan for families: 2023 honda odyssey\u25cf best midsize car for families: 2023 kia k5\u25cf best large suv for families: 2023 chevrolet suburban\u25cf best electric vehicle for families: 2023 kia ev6\u25cf best hybrid suv for families: 2023 toyota highlander hybrid\u25cf best compact suv for families: 2023 hyundai tucson\u25cf best 3-row suv for families: 2023 kia telluride. kia \n        000270,\n        -2.13%\n       won the most awards in 2023, coming on top in three categories, including midsize car, ev and 3-row suv. toyota \n        7203,\n        -0.03%\n       and hyundai \n        005380,\n        -1.85%\n       each won two awards, with toyota taking best hybrid car and best hybrid suv, while hyundai drove off with best two-row suv and best compact suv. and the honda \n        7267,\n        +0.85%\n       odyssey was named the best minivan for families for the 13th year in a row. \u201cour 2023 best cars for families offer the features, safety and space that will appeal to new parents, as well as parents with teen drivers or households that include grandparents,\u201d said jim sharifi, managing editor of u.s. news best cars list, in a statement. \u201cwhat\u2019s more, every winner includes a strong list of family-focused features.\u201d. see also: the future of electric cars could hinge upon these 3 things. tech features \u2014 such as  automatic emergency braking, backup cameras and teen driver controls to help parents monitor new drivers \u2014 continue to be a top selling point for families shopping for cars, u.s. news best cars said. the best cars for families list comes as americans are buying slightly more new cars in 2023 than they did in 2022, according to kelley blue book, even as the price of new cars and car insurance continues to rev up. read more:\u00a0the cost of car insurance is up\u2014why it\u2019s going to get worse. \u201cnew-vehicle prices remain high while used retail prices are now in decline,\u201d said charlie chesbrough, senior economist at kelley blue book parent company cox automotive. \u201cnew inventory is slowly stabilizing while used supply is falling.\u201d. the safest new cars of 2023. ford seeks patent to repossess a car remotely \u2014 by locking owners out of their cars and cutting off ac. the drop in used-car prices might have been temporary. what to expect as spring buying season gets under way. have an issue with your financial adviser or looking for a new one? email picks@marketwatch.com. weston blasi is a reporter. you can follow him on twitter @westonblasi. weston blasi is a reporter. you can follow him on twitter @westonblasi. visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. like many others, you\u2019re probably interested in getting a new family car in 2023. this year, there are many excellent options to choose from in the minivan, suv, and crossover categories. family cars are at their best when there is plenty of interior space for passengers and cargo, family-friendly features, and, most importantly, safety. when experts formulate lists based on quality, value, and more crucial metrics, it\u2019s easy to find the best models. here are the three best family cars of 2023, according to cars.com: subaru outback, kia telluride, and kia carnival. according to cars.com, the first finalist for best family car is the 2023 subaru outback. with a starting price just under $30,000, the outback is an excellent choice for value-seeking customers. the publication says it\u2019s a perfect choice \u201cfor families with a bit of a wild side.\u201d this is due to the subaru model\u2019s off-road capability, adventurous styling, and excellent features. moreover, the brand and model are well-known for impressive safety ratings and reliability, which are always a massive plus for families. next, the expert says upgrades for the 2023 outback enhanced the model in a few ways. for example, a light styling update and including more features in the subaru eyesight safety system. the safety features and excellent crash test ratings are enough to earn the outback high marks from the iihs. in addition, the rear seat is roomy enough for two car seats or to sit adults comfortably. moving further back, the cargo area is spacious enough to accommodate shared family storage. we\u2019re not surprised to see the 2023 kia telluride near the top of any list. the midsize three-row suv continues to rake in awards year after year. starting at $37,255, cars.com says the family car is \u201canything but (boring).\u201d it easily fits many people of any size with its excellent passenger space and tremendous cargo room. moreover, the model can come with seven or eight seats across three rows, whichever the owner prefers. like the outback, it also has off-road variants, giving families the extra push they need to take on camping, hiking, or other outdoor activities. the publication says the standard 3.8-liter v6 is excellent, offering a composed ride that stays comfortable on long road trips. not to mention, the 5,500-pound towing capacity isn\u2019t bad for boat or camper haulers either. lastly, the rear seats are easy to install with car seats. best suvs for towing 8,500 pounds or more. finally, cars.com says the best family car of 2023 is the 2023 kia carnival. although the other finalists are various-sized suvs, the carnival is closer to a minivan. however, it separates itself from the minivans segment by claiming to be a \u201cmulti-purpose vehicle\u201d (mpv). the expert says it \u201cadds a few more much-needed comfort and convenience goodies that make parenting less of a chore.\u201d it has plenty of interior space, ample safety features, and of course, plenty of value. the carnival starts at $34,465 for the base model. the only available powertrain is a 3.5-liter v6 that makes 290 horsepower, which provides punchy acceleration even with a carload of people inside. next, the slide-flex seating system allows owners to slide the second row in more directions, making accessing children in the rear and middle seats easier for adults. additionally, there\u2019s a rear-passenger-view camera for first-row passengers to watch kids in the back. furthermore, the carnival received an excellent crashworthiness rating from the iihs and excellent marks from cars.com for its car seat check. the expert also measured more cargo room than rivals in the minivan and three-row suv segments. lastly, the long list of standard safety features is impressive. every 2023 kia carnival comes with a blind spot monitor, a rear-seat alert system, safe exit assist, rear parking sensors, and more. in conclusion, the 2023 kia carnival is the best family car of 2023. other excellent options are the subaru outback and kia telluride. each model provides ample cargo space, passenger comfort, and plenty of family-friendly features. more importantly, all are filled with standard safety features and earned a great crash test rating. for the price, each one provides a high value for its class. which of the best family cars of 2023, according to cars.com, do you like the most? need a car that serves the whole family? tg has your back: these are the best ones to buy this year. the ford focus ticks more boxes than just about any other hatchback. good to drive? check. economical? check. room for five, decent kit and modern styling? check, check and check again. surely all that costs an arm and a leg though? nope, it\u2019s pretty darn affordable as these things go. you could get out the measuring tape and argue that the golf\u2019s marginally bigger boot makes it more practical, but you\u2019d be nit-picking. the focus is the best family all-rounder there is, and that\u2019s an end to it. click here to read our full review of the ford focus. if you wander over to the other end of the spectrum - no, keep going\u2026 further\u2026 almost there\u2026 perfect - you\u2019ll find the fully electric porsche taycan cross turismo. with the entry-level 4s cross delivering 470bhp and the top-spec turbo s packing 751bhp, the taycan cross turismo is proof that evs can be a) immensely powerful, and b) family friendly. alright, the amount of interior space is more premier inn than four seasons, but you and the kids will cope perfectly well. and who honestly notices leg room when launch mode is applying 751bhp to the asphalt? click here to read our full review of the porsche taycan cross turismo. if you want bang for your buck, get a dacia duster. it\u2019s genuinely incredible how good the plucky suv is considering its ticket price of just under \u00a314k. at this size nothing else comes close on price, and when your driving adventures max out at \u2018the supermarket and back\u2019, why would you buy anything else? obviously there are drawbacks: the engines are a bit weedy, there isn\u2019t much safety kit and the underpinnings are ancient by car standards. but it\u2019s spacious and practical, and you\u2019ll love it. click here to read our full review of the dacia duster. is this the best family suv on the market? the answer is a resounding \u2018yes\u2019. family life was at the forefront of the engineers\u2019 thinking for this car, with much care taken to avoid the pitfalls that all too often lead to compromise. take the engine bay: volvo intentionally kept it small to allow more space in the cabin, and the roomy interior is only enhanced by an immaculate design and finish. on the move the xc90 is ultra smooth and dead quiet, and kit levels are great even at entry-level prices. which is good because you\u2019ll need north of \u00a350k to buy one. click here to read our full review of the volvo xc90. skoda has been on something of a hot streak lately, benefitting from all that volkswagen group hardware without being shackled by the stuffy, business-like brand image. and together with keen pricing, skodas have become highly recommendable. the superb estate is no different: it\u2019s got a mahoosive boot (660 litres with the rear seats up), oodles of room for five adults, a highly user-friendly interior and a premium finish that does enough to remind you this is no knock-off vw. it\u2019s not a b-road driving machine, mind. but the chances are you won\u2019t mind one bit. click here to read our full review of the skoda superb estate. actually, if you\u2019re a family of thrillseekers then you could do a lot worse than the bmw 5 series. there are performance-focused engines for those wanting to utilise its not-insignificant cornering ability, and eco alternatives for long crusades up and down the motorway. the 5 series is awash with tech and luxury materials these days too, and you\u2019ll be comfortable regardless of whether you\u2019re aiming for an apex or the next service station. not convinced? remember this nameplate is pushing 50 years old and this 5 series is probably the best iteration since the e39. high praise indeed. click here to read our full review of the bmw 5 series. if you\u2019re after class-leading comfort from your family car, then the e-class estate is the one for you. with a more relaxed attitude (and more interior space) than the 5 series touring, the merc is less interested in breaking speed records and more interested in not breaking sweat. oh and name a more practical family car than the one with basically the biggest boot of them all. lift the e-class\u2019s tailgate and you\u2019ll have 670 litres at your service. enough to hold an olympic-sized swimming pool\u2026 if the olympics were made much, much easier. click here to read our full review of the mercedes e-class estate. let\u2019s be honest, do you really need 592bhp for the school run? of course not. but if you want to teach a few lessons in physics on the way, the audi rs6 is an excellent place to start. we\u2019ll let you work out force equals mass times acceleration in your own time (hint: 0-62mph takes 3.6 seconds), but the basics are these: lots of space, lots of tech and lots of speed. that\u2019s it. suitable for kids old enough to be entertained (rather than scared witless by) a 4.0-litre v8 with twin turbos. click here to read our full review of the audi rs6. the volvo v90 arrived in britain mid-way through 2016, but fast forward to the present day and it barely looks to have aged, so well is the exterior design. inside it\u2019s a similar story: the natural-looking, exquisitely finished interior makes the v90 a splendid place to be, regardless of what\u2019s going on outside. it does everything else you\u2019d expect from a big volvo too; lots of space, big boot and engines that are happiest at a relaxed pace. get the hybrid and you\u2019ll even take the stress out of fuel bills, not that the diesel\u2019s circa 50mpg offered any to begin with. click here to read our full review of the volvo v90. the audi rs6 was one thing, but an alfa romeo giulia quadrifoglio on a list of the best family cars? picture the scene: one morning there\u2019s a knock on the door. it\u2019s the kids. they\u2019ve missed the bus, and it\u2019s exam day. you\u2019ve got 20 minutes to get them to school, or their a-levels will be a write-off. university place gone. futures shattered. without thinking, you all pile into your giulia and scythe through the local suburban roads. by the grace of god (and your 503bhp v6) you catch every amber light and arrive with moments to spare, hopes and dreams still intact. fancy super-saloon doesn\u2019t look so silly now, does it? click here to read our full review of the alfa romeo giulia quadrifoglio. if you need new wheels, forget the hours of trawling through configurators, or the agonising stand-off with a dealer - just get a golf. why? because there\u2019s a 90 per cent chance that it\u2019ll do the job, regardless of what that job is. vw\u2019s king of versatility can turn its hand to anything: commuting, shopping, weekends away. it\u2019d probably play the violin if you could spec opposable thumbs. the mk8 combines all that competence with the latest tech and connectivity, just be wary of the cheap-looking materials inside. click here to read our full review of the volkswagen golf. the electric age is a-coming, and there are already countless evs that\u2019d slot into family life quite happily, two-car garage or otherwise. the audi q4 e-tron is a prime example, offering between 208 and 316 miles of range depending on the size of the battery, and single- and dual-motor options that pitch power between 168bhp and 295bhp. underneath it\u2019s basically a volkswagen id.4, but the e-tron is better as it avoids the worst of vw\u2019s electronic faux pas. the inside is a predictably high-quality affair, with a smooth drive and near silent ride. even the wipers manage to keep shtum. impressive. click here to read our full review of the audi q4 e-tron. not the most exciting choice this, but then everyone needs a pair of sensible shoes and it\u2019s no different when it comes to cars. the peugeot 3008 is one of the best suvs you can buy, combining an eye-catching design with neat handling, capable engines and a ride that strikes a good balance between too soft and too hard. let\u2019s call it the goldilocks zone. peugeot has also come up with an interesting interior (unusual for this segment), so it\u2019s the furthest thing from generic and mundane at the price point. click here to read our full review of the peugeot 3008. say hello to the most popular porsche in the uk. the key to the success of the macan is that it does more than its owners are ever likely to ask of it, with off-road and b-road abilities that are rarely stretched to breaking point. factor in the space for five and the cavernous boot, and it\u2019s easy to understand why the macan hasn\u2019t been surpassed since it arrived in 2014. the only thing it\u2019s missing is electrification: the next-gen macan will be exclusively electric, and the current one is petrol only. click here to read our full review of the porsche macan. not all family cars have to be heavy-stepping estates or suvs, sometimes a perky little supermini fits the bill just fine. like the focus, ford's fiesta lives up to that description as a strong performer in virtually every category you could possibly measure a box with wheels. case in point: it has been the best-selling car in the uk for yonks, and only this year has the newer vauxhall corsa stolen a march on the ever-popular fiesta. it\u2019s economical, highly affordable, great to drive, and it\u2019ll take everyday life in its stride. happy days. click here to read our full review of the ford fiesta. the new vauxhall astra has surprised many, including us, for its revamped kerb appeal. from the bland, boring hatchback of yesterday, the astra is now a bold offering. it's a strong enough contender for family shortlists that it won our 2022 family hatch of the year award. we particularly appreciate the wide choice of engines, both in size and fuel type. they're all turbocharged, yet average carbon emissions are down by a whopping 19 per cent. entry-level prices are kind to family household budgets, as is fuel economy, and vauxhall is pretty generous with the kit it includes as standard too. there was a time when aston would\u2019ve scoffed at the idea of making an suv, but then the world started buying them in their gazillions and that attitude quickly died. rather remarkably, the dbx still manages to feel like an aston martin despite its size, providing an interesting take on a formula that was crying out for some character. it uses the same 4.0-litre v8 that resides in the vantage and db11, so naturally it\u2019s pretty rapid. there\u2019s air suspension too, and while the ride isn\u2019t impeccable it\u2019s not bad considering the humongous 22-inch wheels. it\u2019ll seat four adults happily (five at a push) and the boot is a whopper. you\u2019ll need deep pockets for fuel though. click here to read our full review of the aston martin dbx. the seat ateca has been around for a few years now, but it\u2019s still one of the best five-seat crossovers on sale on account of its excellent range of engines, driving manners, practicality and competitive pricing. the only thing that really lets it down is another seat product, the leon estate, which is all of those things but more so. and newer. still, if it\u2019s an suv you\u2019re after the ateca is deeply capable. just be prepared to spend a bit of time getting used to the labyrinth of menus on the infotainment system. click here to read our full review of the seat ateca. the discovery 5 is the most luxurious, off-road capable land rover you can buy without straying into range rover territory, making an ideal family car. that go-anywhere ability will pay dividends on the most arduous of journeys, and the fact that there are seven seats adds a dimension of usability that some of the largest rival suvs can\u2019t match. 2021 has seen the disco\u2019s looks refreshed, and there\u2019s much improved infotainment in the shape of jlr\u2019s \u2018pivi pro\u2019 touchscreen. engine options cover petrol, diesel and mild-hybrid options, so there\u2019s something for everyone. click here to read our full review of the land rover discovery. the latest version of the bmw x3 has transformed it from an also-ran to a class leader, which is good news for the german brand as the competition consists of heavy hitters like the audi q5, mercedes glc and jaguar f-pace. inside it\u2019s civilised and spacious, and bmw\u2019s tech is among the best you\u2019ll get from any car manufacturer right now. the engines return decent economy and the ride is good too, although we\u2019ve only sampled the x3 with adaptive dampers which add hundreds onto the price. costly extras are a running theme sadly, so be frugal with the options list. click here to read our full review of the bmw x3. another seven-seater (true of most versions, anyway), the skoda kodiaq is in esteemed company as a former top gear award-winner. in 2016 we named it the \u2018best car for big families\u2019, and in the present day it remains a great choice with a complete set of appealing qualities. the cabin is vast, the on-board tech is bang up to date, and like most skodas these days it\u2019s almost unbeatable value for money. sure, the rear two seats are only really suitable for tots, but that\u2019s par for the course in this segment. click here to read our full review of the skoda kodiaq. on the surface, this is a sensibly-sized estate version of one of the best saloons you can currently buy, a bmw 3 series. underneath the surface, this is a 503bhp road-rocket with one of the most famous performance badges affixed to its boot. bmw m has finally built an m3 tourer, and it's a good 'un: sure, it's not flawless, but\u00a0the m3 touring is eye-wateringly, cheek-pufflingly good to drive fast, and because it shares a body with the excellent 3 series touring, it\u2019s also an incredibly competent, well-made family car. read our review of the bmw m3 touring here. thank you for subscribing to our newsletter. look out for your regular round-up of news, reviews and offers in your inbox. get all the latest news, reviews and exclusives, direct to your inbox. by clicking subscribe, you agree to receive news, promotions and offers by email from top gear and bbc studios. your information will be used in accordance with our privacy policy. sorry, something went wrong. bbc studios is a commercial company that is owned by the bbc (and just the bbc). no money from the licence fee was used to create this website. the profits we make from it go back to bbc programme-makers to help fund great new bbc programmes. bbc is a trademark of the british broadcasting corporation. logos \u00a9 1996. if you're in the market for a new family vehicle, but finding it tough to narrow down your choices, this list should help. it's the u.s. news and world report's annual\u00a0best cars for families.\u00a0 it names winners in nine categories, narrowed down from an initial field of 92 vehicles (down slightly from 96 last year.)\u00a0 new this year:\u00a0 the best electric vehicle for families category. last year, honda won the most awards followed by toyota. this year, kia won the most awards with three, followed by toyota with hyundai in third. in the minivan category, the 2023 honda odyssey won best minivan for the 13th year in a row, the longest streak in award history. kia won three awards. the 2023 kia telluride captured best 3-row suv for families for the fourth time in a row.\u00a0the 2023 kia k5 had its first win for best midsize sedan for families. the all-electric 2023 kia ev6 earned the first-ever award for best electric vehicle for families. toyota\u2019s hybrid vehicles fared well, with the 2023 toyota camry hybrid earning its first best hybrid car for families win. the 2023 toyota highlander hybrid won best hybrid suv for families for the 10th time. two hyundai suvs earned recognition: the 2023 hyundai santa fe brought home its first best 2-row suv for families award, while the 2023 hyundai tucson was awarded the best compact suv for families for the second time. chevrolet was the only big three automaker to make the list. the 2023 chevrolet suburban won best large suv for families for the third year in a row - its fifth win overall. u.s. news says that award winners in each class have the best combination of interior space, family-friendly features and overall quality. u.s. news uses an overall rating to determine quality, incorporating elements like safety data, predicted reliability ratings and the consensus opinion of the automotive press. along with conventional factors like passenger and cargo room, u.s. news also considered tech features such as in-car wireless internet, teen driver controls, auto emergency braking, rear cross-traffic alert and hands-free cargo doors. \"our 2023 best cars for families offer the features, safety and space that will appeal to new parents, as well as parents with teen drivers or households that include grandparents,\u201d said jim sharifi, managing editor of u.s. news best cars. \u201cthe winners cover nine different vehicle classes, ranging from fuel-efficient hybrids and evs to large suvs that provide exceptional passenger and cargo space. what\u2019s more, every winner includes a strong list of family-focused features.\u201d. u.s. news says its award methodology combines professional automotive reviews, safety and reliability ratings, seating and cargo volume and the availability of family-friendly features. within each of the nine automotive categories, the vehicle with the highest composite score is named the best car for families in that category. for more details about the award winners visit u.s. news. get our weekly newsletter packed with exclusive advice and news! carpro requires our certified dealers to meet certain customer service requirements in accordance with our certification process and agreement. carprousa does not broker, sell, or lease vehicles. all vehicles shown on this website are offered for sale by licensed motor vehicle dealers, unless where otherwise noted. used vehicles are subject to prior sale. by accessing this website, you agree to the carprousa terms of service and privacy policy. we strive to update our website in a timely manner however carprousa cannot guarantee that the inventory shown will be available at the dealership. we are not responsible for typographical and other errors, including data transmissions or software errors that may appear on the site. if the posted price, incentive, offer or other service is incorrect due to typographical or other error we will only be responsible for honoring the correct price, incentive or offer. we make every effort to provide you the most accurate, up-to-the-minute information however when you are ready to purchase products or services, it is your responsibility to verify with us that all details listed are accurate. prices include all applicable rebates. we sifted through vehicles from every class to determine the best new family cars for 2023. the best options have a winning combination of safety, space, and features for their respective classes and price points. many of these vehicles have been around for a while, so you can save money by choosing a used version. how we ranked the best family cars. the telluride is a midsize suv with three rows of spacious seating, a powerful v6 engine, and a list of standard comfort and safety features that shames many rivals. already one of the hottest-selling suvs, kia has made the 2023 telluride more appealing with a modest exterior makeover, added tech features in the cabin, and two new off-road-oriented trims: x-line and x-pro. the telluride shares its platform and engine with the hyundai palisade, which was also freshened for the 2023 model year. in addition to the new off-road trims, all 2023 tellurides have redesigned headlights, a new grille, and a new front bumper, along with some new wheel designs. additional changes include a newly standard 12.3-inch infotainment screen with navigation, plus an optional digital key and larger 10-inch head-up instrument display. an available dual-screen display adds a 12.3-inch gauge display that\u2019s positioned flush with that 12.3-inch touchscreen. on sale for three years before its mid-cycle freshening, the telluride has been an unequivocal sales hit for kia. finding one on the used market could take patience; this suv \u2014\u00a0both new and used \u2014 remains one of the hottest commodities among midsize three-row suvs. because it\u2019s mechanically identical to the telluride, your used-suv shopping list should also include the hyundai palisade. if your family doesn\u2019t need 3 rows of seats, but still wants a lot of space, subaru has you covered. the 2022 forester is all about utility over style. because of its boxy design and efficient use of space, it features a class-leading cargo capacity of 76.1 cubic feet. it has comfortable seats in both rows, excellent crash test ratings, and comes equipped with a full suite of adas features. as with most\u00a0subaru vehicles, the forester has standard awd, and it gets much better gas mileage than awd rivals. the only downside is the so-so acceleration from its 182-horsepower engine. the forester received a subtle styling update for 2022, plus a new wilderness off-road trim. however, subaru hasn\u2019t fully redesigned the forester since 2019, so models from 2019-2023 will have similar specs. for most families, a 3-row midsize suv like the kia telluride is the best choice, since it offers the best combination of space, efficiency, and price. however, some families need more than 5,000 pounds of towing power, or the type of cargo space that you can only get from a full-size suv. for them, we recommend the ford expedition. the ford expedition tops our rankings of the best full-size suvs in large part because of its engine, the most powerful in the class. in a segment dominated by v8s, ford has the only twin-turbo v6. being down two cylinders doesn\u2019t hurt the ford, though \u2013 it has top fuel economy, power, and towing capacity. it has less space than the chevrolets and gmcs on this list, though opting for the expedition max trim helps. the expedition max is a longer version of the expedition with more third-row and cargo space. ford gave the expedition fresh styling, a larger touchscreen, and a bit more power for 2022, but the underlying vehicle is the same as it\u2019s been since the 2018 model year. any models from 2018 or later will be similar. the regular pacifica comes with chrysler\u2019s stout 287-horsepower 3.6-liter v6 engine, but the minivan is also available as an efficient plug-in hybrid \u2013 the only plug-in hybrid minivan on the market today. the pacifica\u2019s stow \u2019n go second- and third-row seats fold completely flat into the floor. rival minivans have third rows that fold flat, but owners have to drag the second-row seats out of the van and store them in the garage if they want a flat cargo floor. the pacifica is one of only two minivans, along with the toyota sienna, to offer awd. chrysler last tweaked the styling of the pacifica in 2021, so 2021-2023 models look identical. chrysler pacifica minivans from 2017 (the pacifica\u2019s debut) through 2020 have similar features but slightly different styling. awd didn\u2019t become available until 2020. the chrysler voyager, which was discontinued in 2022, is a cheaper version of the pacifica. used voyagers are available from the 2020 and 2021 model years. before the pacifica, chrysler sold the town & country minivan for many years. the qx60 is the value leader among midsize luxury suvs with three rows. it undercuts some rivals by $20,000 or more. what\u2019s more, it has good crash-test scores and a roomier interior than most of its pricier rivals. the qx60 features an upscale interior with roomy first- and second-row seats and competitive cargo capacity. its lone engine is a capable 295-horsepower v6. in addition, the qx60 provides an extensive range of standard equipment. the list includes leather upholstery, a power liftgate, a panoramic moonroof, a heated steering wheel, wireless device charging, blind spot monitoring, rear cross-traffic alert, and rear automatic braking. this infiniti falls short in a couple of areas. first, its handling is bland; rivals deliver a more engaging driving experience. also, the qx60 has a tight third row. the qx60 is in its second generation, which was introduced with the 2022 model. any older second-generation model (2022) will be broadly similar to the 2023 qx60, and you can save money by purchasing one of these used suvs. if you need (or want) the capability of a pickup truck, and you need it to handle family-shuttling duty, the f-150 is the top choice. equipped with the enormous supercrew cab, space is ample in the back seats. the f-150 has been the best-selling truck in america for many years, and for good reason. it\u2019s available with a long list of capable and fuel-efficient engine options, including a hybrid and an upcoming fully electric version. moreover, the f-150 outperforms all large pickup truck when it comes to maximum towing and hauling capacities. while this ford pickup is the most capable half-ton truck on the market, it also offers an upscale and family-friendly interior. the f-150 earns good crash-test ratings, which can\u2019t be said about all classmates. what\u2019s more, it\u2019s well-priced, and ford provides key infotainment features and advanced driver-assist systems (adas) at lower prices than other full-size trucks. the f-150 was completely redesigned for 2021. older versions won\u2019t look as current and won\u2019t have as many standard features, but they could save you a substantial amount of money. in order to choose the best family cars, we looked at each vehicles\u2019 passenger space, maximum cargo capacity, and crash-test scores from the\u00a0insurance institute for highway safety\u00a0(iihs) and\u00a0national highway traffic safety administration\u00a0(nhtsa). in addition to crash tests, we factored in the cost of these family cars with key adas features including automatic emergency braking\u00a0(aeb), blind spot warning\u00a0(bsw), and lane departure warning (ldw). *we cite the epa\u2019s combined mpg range for each vehicle, which takes into account the mpg for both city and highway driving. if you have questions about this story, please contact us at editors@carfax.com. see the fastest cars available today, from world-record hypercars to affordable coupes, sedans, and suvs. rear-wheel-drive cars accelerate and corner better than fwd cars, and they don\u2019t have to cost a lot more. here are the cheapest rwd cars. turbocharged engines are no longer reserved for high-performance sports cars. here are the best cheap turbo cars on the market. subaru outback! we like our chrysler pacifica hybrid. driving around for errands in town we often stay within all-electric range (~30 miles) so we only rarely have to get gas. for longer trips it is still very efficient for a minivan and has room for all our stuff. a minivan.trust me, it's a game changer. especially if it has button open sliding doors toyota sienna and love it. budget option : mazda 5 , really reliable and usefull for the family life ! vw atlas. it has a foldable 3rd row too. i love my 4runner i see you asking about road trip ability, that deserves the inevitable mini van recommendation. hard to beat for families and road trips. volkswagen id.4 and absolutely love it! the space is incredible inside! kia carnival ex (or higher trim)they are seriously great. we were committed to an suv and my wife wanted nothing to do with a minivan. spent an afternoon at carmax sitting in suvs and before we left my wife decided that she should sit in a minivan since we were there and was immediately sold. and it\u2019s by far proven to be the best choice for us over an suv. there\u2019s a lot of utility there for hauling stuff for home projects and it fits luggage and kid stuff for road trips so easily. it\u2019s not cool, but six years with our van has sold me on it as the best family vehicle. it just rolled over 100k miles and i will miss it when we replace it. minivan.  just embrace it.  i love my pacifica.  hauls 4x8 sheets without any issue, hauls three guys, beer, fishing gear, and bikes for a camping weekend, hauls three adults, the kiddo, two dogs, and christmas presents.  30mpg at 77mpg. how about five adults, two car seats?  does that too.  love it.i am 6'2\", and so i can drive, the car seat has to be on the passenger side of my kia optima and on the driver side of the pacifica, and our car seats fit in both without having to compromise my seat position. a hard stance against a minivan is silly.  test drive one first. put your ego aside. full size suvs are more expensive and less useful than a minivan. they're bigger, yet somehow smaller where it matters. they make good vans with all-wheel drive too, if you're worried about that. more comfortable, can haul things inside or on a trailer, and get better fuel economy. we have a toyota sienna and a subaru ascent. both have their pros/cons, but the minivan has been just fine. out of curiosity why jump to three rows? i'd stay in a two row vehicle as long as you can if price and size are concerns. there are also a whole set of car seats that are designed to be narrow so you can fit three across if that eventually becomes a concern. but they are more on the front facing transition to booster seats end of things. our subaru outback has treated us well with two kids. while i have nothing against minivans, the wife does. we got a kia telluride and love it. third row definitely won't fit three of me, but will three boosters. minivan as with any vehicle purchase: define your use case and tailor the car to fill that actual need.you don\u2019t need a different car if all you do is add one car seat and drive two adults, one baby and some groceries sometimes.if you need to take more adults regularly, plan on having a bunch of kids, ski/camping/hockey etc gear or big dogs, then it\u2019s a different story our daughter is going on 2 years old and we are still using our subaru impreza hatchback. we live in the city so big vehicles aren\u2019t ideal. we try to pack light and make use of every inch of space. pre-2018 honda odyssey, more specifically the ex-l trim package. set some alerts on the car sites, find a few to test drive, get pre-approved at a credit union, and pull the trigger when you can. thanks me later.to be clear, i\u2019m well aware that you currently think you\u2019re against a minivan. i don\u2019t care; do it anyway. we love our subaru forester!! even the base models come with some great tech that you would pay extra for elsewhere, it has excellent awd, and the safety ratings can\u2019t be beat. honda has great suv\u2019s. the honda passport has been a great car for us! bit the bullet. bought the minivan. baby carriers are huge for the first year and the sliding doors compared to opening a car door, especially in parking lots- such a big help. we\u2019ll probably have a van as long as the kids are small and in booster type seats, if not longer. we recently switched from a regular to a hybrid chrysler pacifica and it\u2019s great- the only disadvantage of the hybrid is that you lose the stow and go seating which is awesome. we've been very happy with our honda cr-v. i am happy to have fewer seats in exchange for a more manageable size car and more cargo space. tip: get a car that lets you open trunk from the key!if you think you will be carting a lot of kids around, may want to consider something with a third row or at least potential for a third row. i really like my subaru crosstrek. it's not too tall and the seats hit my back just right. however, apparently comfort varies for everyone. some people love the feel of the subaru seats, others hate it. my husband has a nissan rogue though and that's just an all-around great car. larger back seats and trunk so it's easier to fit car seats, stroller, and general baby stuff^tm. it's a bit longer and taller than my subaru so at 5'2\" you may not like the size, necessarily. i'm 5'7\" so it's pretty comfy for me, but you should still look into it. we love our toyota highlander and 4runner. we have the older versions for now while we have little ones but are aiming to get the new versions in the next few years. good size for an suv. we went to nyc and a larger one would have been charged extra for parking, etc and they handle great in any weather. we are prob about to purchase a telluride. we are tall and needed more space in the second row for rf car seats than our santa fe has. figured if we were going for 3 rows we might as well get one with a spacious 3rd row. but it\u2019s not huge and still fits in our garage. it\u2019s been getting a lot of awards for midsize suv. be wary of markups though. i love my subaru impreza. good mpg, not too big but big enough to get the job done. we are also planning more than 1 child in a short time frame so we are going to get either a toyota sienna or honda odyssey.  used either way.  these are both reliable minivans and i want a vehicle with sliding doors.  kids are dumb and will open car doors and ding other people's paint in parking lots, so the sliding doors are important to me the first several years. my husband and i are in similar situation to you re: wanting a couple kids in the next couple years and me being short. we just bought the volvo xc90 with third row of seats that collapses down when you don\u2019t need it. totally love it, lots of room, easy for me to get in and out of, and the safest suv on the market people love to hate on minivans but they are the best family vehicle. lots of space and the sliding doors help a lot with getting kids in and out of the car without dinging cars next to you. and with minivans like the kia carnival that don't look much like a traditional minivan you get some \"cool\" factor i've been watching my friend raise his kids and both of us quickly found out how much shit you gotta bring with you when you have just 1 kid. i posted about it here and got down voted and told i was wrong. this is why we\u2019re keeping our accord for another few years. rear seat is massive and can accommodate a rear facing seat with the front fully pushed back. came to realization yesterday after discussing the new taurus, there's no longer a viable demand for large comfy 4 door no luxury sedans when you can get better economy safety and space out of a crossover. but i miss the sedan days \" anyway, the britax specs say it can be used rear-facing for children up to 40 ibs. that's about 4-5 years, for an average child. that's not a small amount of time.\"just a heads up. most kids will hit the height limit before the weight limit. there's also the comfort factor. a lot of 4 year olds will get irritable if they need to prop their legs up for extended periods. plus kids can get motion sickness from riding rear facing. so, you're likely looking at a seat change sooner than 4-5 years.i pushed rear facing a little longer than i should have due to motion sickness and we only got to just past the 3 year mark. my wife is currently entering the third trimester with our first... which are twins.i'm 6'0\" and let me tell you it's been pretty annoying trying to research miata replacements. there's so many car reviews that say \"this car is very practical for the family, since a 5'4\" passenger can fit in front of the rear-facing seat comfortably!\" size matters, and kids (often) have a ton of stuff. here, i have the small car and my spouse has the typical family hauler. we take it everywhere, but my the 86 works fine in a pinch. i sought out a smaller stroller specifically because of how big some of the stroller/wagon things are, and the 86 trunk is quite small. it works totally fine for soccer practice pick ups but only really gets small when it\u2019s all four of us. the passenger seat legroom in the gti is generous compared to the 86! *minivan god appears*join us. we have sliding doors. i don\u2019t have a minivan, i was just one of the insane single guys that had no kids and loved minivans. now i have a kid in the way with my gf and would do nasty things for a pacifica. if we\u2019re all being completely honest and looking past the \u201cuncool\u201d factor, a minivan is the most ideal vehicle for raising a family. lots of room in the rear for passengers and also a ton of cargo space. gas mileage is generally better than a full sized suv and is on par with smaller cuvs. and like others have said, it\u2019s surprising how much stuff you have to carry around when you have kids. the only real downside is less towing and off-road capabilities compared to full sized suvs. also once your kids get old enough to get themselves in and out of the vehicle you won\u2019t have to worry about them dinging other peoples\u2019 doors since the minivan doors slide. i was in a similar situation. i have a \u201815 gti and when my son was born, my wife had a \u201816 golf se.  we made it work for a while but our height situation is almost exactly the same as you.  i do all the driving when we go out so it works.  i took several measurements of the rear hatch and bought a stroller based on that. we went with the graco modes system that allows the baby carrier to latch into a base and the stroller. it *just* fit in the hatch, but only upside(wheels) down lol. we have graduated to a regular car seat now that is front facing so it\u2019s a little better.  the golf/gti has a lot of space but it doesn\u2019t. i mean they can swallow a 65 tv or 8 tires but your right, the sheer amount of stuff required for spawn is amazing.  since we plan on having another one we traded the golf for a mazda cx-5.  it\u2019s interior dimensions are within an inch or less of its class but what i liked about it is the rear hatch opening is the biggest in its class and the distance between the rear shock towers is wide as well. this question comes up a lot on this sub i noticed.get the damn minivan and just be done with it.  you'll thank me later.honda odyssey or toyota sienna. i have 3 kids (a 4 yo and twin 2 yos).  i also love cars and driving and vowed never to own a minivan.  so we have an audi q7 and a tesla model s.but the correct answer to this question is **minivan**.  there is no other vehicle more perfectly suited to families with little kids.  lots of space, low load height, reasonably easy to drive, affordable.so do i regret not getting a minivan?  no, i love my cars.  but i fully acknowledge that a minivan would've been the smarter choice. you're probably going to need a mini-van. definitely something with third row seating.there are suv/crossovers with 3rd row seating, but i've always found the third row to be difficult to get to if you have car seats installed in the middle.when our kids were younger we went with a caravan with captain's chairs in the middle row.  the oldest could get in and walk to the back seat, then put on his own seatbelt.  the two younger ones were easy to put in car seats from each side.now even though we no longer need it, my wife refuses to give up the mini-van.  truth be told, they are pretty comfortable and the extra room can come in handy at times.remember also that the kids will get bigger.  make sure whatever you buy has enough room to grow into.   so, obviously a minivan. but taking a a cue from my kid friendly neighborhood the other option looks like a tahoe/denali/suburban style 3 row suv  as i understand it the kids that can buckle themselves sit in row 3 and you never really venture back there.  this article really helped me embrace the minivan... that i still haven't pulled the trigger on.that said, there's a ton of variance in individual minivans by model and year and things like overlapping seatbelts or seatbelts that are impossible to fit for car seats or nowhere to tether (if you tether) in the third row can prove to make it more of a hassle so keep an eye out for things like that. https://jalopnik.com/if-youre-a-real-grown-up-minivans-are-cooler-than-cros-1764226230 this thread makes me so sad! i refuse to get a minivan, but everyone is being so logical!!! i just cannot see myself as a \"minivan mom\"! \ud83d\ude2d we came super close to getting a minivan and ended up driving the mazda cx-9 and got that instead. we're super happy with it, drives/handles like a dream, gets great gas milage, looks much more expensive than it actually is and is super spacious inside. nothing beats minivans for convenience, but if you just can't bring yourself to get one, then the cx-9 is a great option. if you do go the minivan route, check out the chrysler pacifica - we found it to be far and away the best one out there. i don't like driving big vehicles. i only have two kids, and did 95% of the kid hauling with a compact sedan, even when that meant grocery shopping with a double stroller in the trunk. you rarely need a minivan, at least with only two kids. the correct answer is minivan. our second car, which my so didn't need daily for work, was a small used minivan. it mostly sat in the driveway - i never drove it if the sedan would suffice and it usually did. but when you need it there's nothing that compares. it is the vehicle optimized for families.  i have a nissan pathfinder. i love, love, love it for my one kid, gear, and dog. another poster is correct though, i have a car seat installed in the middle of the second row and it's difficult to get to the third row. just go for the minivan. so many of them have built in vacuums! imagine how great that is for cheerio dust and play ground sand. when i was car shopping i actually thought you could make a honda odyssey kind of cute by going black on black and installing the roof rack. it balances out the shape.  not a luxury brand but the kia sorento hybrid is pretty cool, the high trim models are very nice inside the lexus or a loaded highlander are your best choices.  only truly reliable 10 year suvs in the bunch. owner of two lexus rx hybrids here (2017, 2006). a cartop carrier allows extra cargo room on long trips.my 2006 has 170k miles. total cost of repairs since new: $200.the rx is safe, reliable and comfortable. kia telluride would be my second choice and maybe mazda cx-9. you absolutely need a hybrid or phev.outlander phev will be all new for 2022. take a look at the regular 2022 outlander, the new phev version will be based on it (current outlander phev is still based on previous gen).xc60 is smaller than rx.hyundai santa fe phev is a good choice. new hyundai tucson phev and upcoming 2023 kia sportage phev (arriving at dealers soon) are pretty spacious too.take a look at toyota highlander hybrid. very reliable and durable.honda crv hybrid, crv has a lot of interior space, most space efficient compact suv. i have an mdx.  premium gas is recommended, not required.  gas mileage is poor - my only real con of the car to be honest. it\u2019s gasoline only, but i\u2019d at least take a look at the mazda cx-9 rav4 prime / hybrid? although if the 450h wasn\u2019t roomy enough idk how to help you there. hyundai tucson, the 2022 is pretty stylish, seats 5 well, and tons of features, it\u2019s like $40k new too have you considered the lexus nx 350 hybrid? it gets 41 mpg in town. it also has high predicted reliability. the biggest downside is in my opinion it looks very ugly. also idk if it would be too small. how about the audi e tron, jaguar i pace, ford mustang mach-e, or volvo xc40 recharge (it\u2019s a pure electric)? the perfect car for your criteria (stability in the snow, fuel mileage, wagon/crossover option, reliability, dog friendlynes) is a used subaru.  seriously, your mom sounds like their prime demographic.  or if you can find a prev generation hyundai santa fe with the third row option, that might work too. if you don't mind shitty interior, go for a subaru legacy/forester, if you can afford slightly higher maintenance cost and more luxury, find an audi a4/a6 avant.  both of these two brands are regarded as benchmarks of awd family cars, you can't go wrong with either one. volvo xc70.  five full sized seats that can comfortably fit adults, a well-designed cargo space that can handle all but the largest volumes of cargo, and a safe and sure footed awd setup.  my mom is on her second one - she drive the first to 275,000 miles and gave it to my brother.  we live in wisconsin and have yet to encounter winter road conditions it can't handle.  it's a great car, fun to drive (turbo power slides in the snow!) and can get north of 25 mpg if you are careful.  volvo 7 series/thread i would highly recommend the [mazda cx-9](http://www.edmunds.com/mazda/cx-9/2009/), [ford taurus x](http://www.edmunds.com/ford/taurus-x/2008/?sub=wagon) and [ford flex.](http://www.edmunds.com/ford/flex/2010/?sub=wagon) they all have gobs of room (even in the third row), solid performance, decent fuel economy, and value-oriented prices on the used car market. the taurus x costs around $13-15k, while the cx-9 and flex and can easily come in under $20k. these cars are seriously good minivan alternatives that are overlooked way too often.  you should look into a [honda pilot](http://autos.yahoo.com/used-cars/honda-pilot-cars02-16093313;_ylt=apwksag_1hoelq.vva07_yt7wi54;_ylv=3?sortcol=price&sortdir=up&location=birmingham%2c+al+35205&listingtype=used&model=pilot&make=honda&distance=50&userdistance=9) to get 7 seats and not a van its going to be hard not to get something with a v8. but i think s hyundai sante fe limited with the 3rd row or a toyota sienna awd van is the way to go. yes it is a van but they are reliable, awd, 3 rows of seating, but not ideal on gas.  used 5-seaters:-subaru outback/forester/legacy-toyota rav4/honda crv-ford escape7-seaters:-volvo xc-toyota highlander (rav4, but very small 3rd row)-honda pilot (bad mpg though)that would be my shortlist. unless you really need that third row my #1 would be an outback. might wanna check out the mazda5. it's kind of in between a station wagon and a minivan. and as a bonus it's sold in the us with a manual! 07--09 ford edge should be around $20k with decent miles a minivan will always win any size to-utility contest hands down when paired against an suv. there are smaller minivans, and if that's still too big consider the mazda 5. but honestly, hauling them around in a civic is hardly child abuse. i'm sure the kids are fine back there. we have a minivan as a second car but hardly ever use it; my two kids have always been just fine in my compacts.  once you get a minivan, you will wonder how you lived without it.you become used to driving and parking a bigger vehicle very quickly, and they handle really well.  my kids are teenagers now, and my husband insisted that we leave it out of our new car choices.....6 months now, and boy, do i miss it.for the little ones, something magical about that sliding door and the ease of getting them into the car seat without hitting your head!  they were pretty happy with the dvd player, too.  many long ski trips, plenty of room for cargo and extras, plenty of room for their friends on playdates.the carpooling that comes with middle school was a breeze - hebrew school, soccer teams, amusements parks.  had a town and country, then an odyssey and they had big engines that merged like a dream.i did a lot of renovations on the house during those years, and you can only get wall board into a minivan - it will not go in an suv - so much for all it's macho connotations.the kids will need a little step stool to climb into their seats and be a foot rest up until they are out of boosters seats, but otherwise, it was way more comfortable for them - the seats truly recline, and they often slept comfortably in the minivan, and have complained about my new (small) cr-v.  it seems tiny and underpowered to me now.  it is ironic that just as my kids are getting really big, i'm driving a smaller car.  i don't know how i'm gonna get all that stuff to their dorm rooms. we have a cr-v.  would buy again!  love that thing for two kids.  but we moved into an odyssey due to knowing we would have a third.  can't beat those sliding doors.  i can open both with a click of a button and tell my 3 year old to hop into his own seat while i buckle in the 1 year old.  it's amazing.  i didn't want to be van people, but you can't beat the functionality.  it's actually much more practical with car seats.   we are a family of four. we replaced a cr-v with an awd sienna. the sienna is more comfortable, more spacious, more powerful, fits more stuff and is hands down the best engineered vehicle we have ever owned -- which means it fulfills its designed purpose brilliantly. the fuel economy really isn't all that different from a four cylinder suv, and is on par or better than a six cylinder suv model. insurance rates are dirt cheap. we were also able to get a significant discount of msrp since minivans aren't as hot as the crossover/small suv segment. we did like our cr-v quite a bit, but it couldn't keep up with the school carpool we currently have (4 kids total), and it could never fit 4x8 sheets of drywall/plywood like the minivan can. you can also do fine in a compact sedan or wagon, too. i do enjoy my wrx wagon quite a bit ... but it has other capabilities outside the minivan's that aren't strictly family oriented ... but it won't hold a sheet of plywood,  either :) we're looking to trade our suv in for a medium sized sedan - the petrol costs are just astronomical and the conveniences are not worth it.  our suv is particularly bad (ford territory averages 14 liters per 100km), but make sure you check the fuel usage stats before you buy and factor that in.  you said you can only afford one car - if finances are a consideration then filling up weekly at $100-$120 (in australia) hurts.    you don't have to check tank size or how far it gets from a tank, just compare the average fuel use numbers for all i the cars you are considering, and also throw your current car in to the mix for comparison. i love my suv, but damn there are times that the sliding doors on a minivan would be nice! it's basically impossible to get the kiddo in his seat in a parking lot without unintentionally dinging the car next to us, no matter how careful we are or how far away we park.  i hate to say it but suck it up and buy a minivan son. either an odyssey to a sienna. we tried everything but a van. wagon, tahoe, suburban, excursion - ok not technically everything. but you get the picturenothing touches the odyssey for practicality, comfort and ease of use.  we did a nissan pathfinder and it split the difference well. as close to a minivan as i will ever come , and can tow as well (hoping for a horse trailer).  we have a minivan (toyota sienna) and a small suv (toyota highlander) for a family of 5.  only the van can really hold all of us, although the suv has a third row we could use if we were desperate.i hated getting a minivan, but it really is practical with kids.  getting kids in and out of carseats in a cramped parking lot is a lot easier with sliding doors.  we can remove the seats for hauling cargo, and rearrange them as needed for long trips.  you can really stuff it to the roof with luggage for trips too.i think a really small suv like a crv would be too small.  prior to the van we had a mazda tribute (same base as a ford escape) but only one kid.  with two kids in the back there isn't much room for cargo. we have a small suv and love it. we bought a small utility trailer for when we go camping or need to haul diy supplies, but prefer the easy parking and cheap gas mileage compared to most minivans.  heck, for the price and gas difference i could rent a truck/minivan  the couple times a year i really needed to move construction stuff or a pack of kids.  i think the other factor to consider now is how quickly you can get it if you are potentially in the need soon.there are some vehicles that have 12-16 month waits. honda civic, toyota corolla, mazda 3, hyundai elantra. they're pretty much all the same. reliable. low maintenance. cheap. civic or corolla we have a hyundai accent. two kids. the rear facing diono 3rxt we have has to go behind the passenger because my husband and i are both tall (5'10\" +). having the little infant seat only we were able to put it in the middle without issue (no latch though but could use the seatbelt).i don't think they make the accent anymore though and i believe the elantra is a little bit bigger. there are also other car seats that are skinnier front to back than the diono. i would suggest test fitting the seat of your choice in the backseat rear facing if possible. we weren't able to do that because of the pandemic.we also have a golf r and it is the same deal - rear facing behind the passenger. forward facing behind the driver. driving that is a dream even if i'm still a little wary that my son had to forward face at just after 2 years old (so i could drive the car).depending on how many small humans you want, you might want to grab something bigger than these. also, i highly recommend getting a car with remote unlock key fob (the hyundai doesn't and i have to unlock it with the key on the driver's side while wrangling two small humans). also recommend air con if it's in your budget (ie. car without vs car with for same/similar pricing). i use uber a lot, like probably 40 times a month.  because of that i get to ride in lots of small to mid sized sedans.  lots of ubers are either hyundai accents or elantras.  the drivers seem to like them and as far as fit and finish they rival toyota and honda.  if i were looking that would be where i would start.  there is nothing wrong with a civic either, you are just going to pay more, reason being that everyone who is looking for a small sedan wants a civic or an accord. i adore my volkswagen golf. excellent gas mileage, lots of storage space, fun and easy to drive, great visibility, small enough to fit into any parking space. i\u2019ve had mine for almost four years and it has had no problems with reliability. you should be able to get one from 2016-18 for under 20k right now. when you say family car how big of a family? do you mean something that can hold an infant seat or two, or seat a child or two, or a seat teenagers in the back? or is it just your fiance and yourself, but are thinking of having kids in the near future? you can get a more comfortable and slightly larger honda accord or toyota camry that's a few years older, though those are a little worse on gas than a civic or corolla. honda and toyota small cars are extremely reliable and good on gas from my family's experience. i would recommend shopping around and checking maintenance records for used cars, good luck! if you can find one, small hybrids use very little fuel and are very reliable. but, the current market is insane for them, 50% higher than two years ago. but all small cars are in crazy demand right now. this means your option is a high mileage car, and that answer to that is always toyota. my 2008 kia rondo has 340,000 kms and is still running reliably. any 3+ year old honda/toyota with four doors. toyota sienna. the perfect family transportation unit. hands down.  accord or camry. as the father in a family of four, i would suggest a mini-van if af all possible. i drive a focus and my wife drives a fiesta, and it\u2019s annoying as hell. used prius.  they are bulletproof, get amazing gas mileage, and have a large trunk with a hatchback.  what\u2019s your budget ? volvo v60. camry, rav4, accord.if you live anywhere where it snows i highly recommend a crossover with all wheel drive. they offer the best benefits. good amount of space for family but not huge boat, decent gas mileage, ability to handle bad weather, and usually they come with a lot of safety features standard even in base models.i\u2019m also a huge fan of consumer reports! use them as a resource to gain information  subaru outback, hands down. anything volvo, honda or toyota with 4 doors and a big trunk. many people give up on their aspirations of owning a fast car once they establish a family because they offer more functionality and a family-friendly design they purchase typical family wagons with typical looks and averagely powerful motors a high performance engine scissor doors with cutting edge technology and incredible speeds are all things that enthusiasts dream of possessing well many businesses have adopted this strategy and created some of the best station wagons that satisfy the requirement for power performance speeds and an unparalleled driving drill these are the top 10 best family cars you can buy now and never worry about your day-to-day not having power number 10 porsche panamera sport turismo starting with one of the world's top four-door vehicles you can get the most out of it and it is perfect for your family with the porsche panamera sport turismo porsche was able to broaden its product line by creating fun vehicles that are also appropriate for families up to 620 horsepower is produced by its twin turbo v6 it has a 3.0 second zero to 60 miles per hour acceleration time foreign ferrari ff while being considerably different from what the firm is renowned for the ferrari ff nonetheless the ff was entirely a ferrari creation save for its design it can accelerate from 0 to 60 miles per hour in 3.5 seconds and features a powerful 6.3 liter naturally aspirated v12 engine with 650 horsepower it was the first ferrari vehicle ever to have all-wheel drive until the next ferrari parang suv is released you must keep an eye out for this one number eight audi 6 rupees avant one of the best performance wagons available is the audi 6 rupees avant after waiting for many years audi finally imported the vehicle to the u.s the six rupees avant has an awd system and a 591 hp twin turbocharged v8 engine that can go from 0 to 60 miles per hour in less than 3.6 seconds foreign jaguar f-pace svr the 2022 jaguar f-pace is one of the best suvs available demonstrating its superiority with its gorgeous and sporty design inspired by the popular f-type the feature-rich roomier cabin filled with fine material choices and luxury and a great good boot capacity additionally the eager and encouraging performance out of its 395 horsepower turbo 6 is just refined and results in fun driving with a thrill eve [music] number six land rover defender the land rover defender has been the benchmark for luxurious off-roading cars that constantly provide a genuine joy for the longest time especially the v8 model which has a 0 to 60 miles per hour pace of 4.9 seconds and 518 horsepower although there are defender models with less power available we think the v8 variant is the greatest land rover has to offer [music] number five ford s max while this family minivan in the mpv design may not be well known outside of the u.s it is fairly popular in europe for the surin galaxy ford and vw work together fast forward to the present day and ford still sells the fund to drive minivan number four hsv club sport r8 tour australia is thousands of miles away there is a car that the australians adore that is both one of the best family-friendly automobiles and a strong car the 6.2 liter ls v8 engine and the hsv club sport r8 tour cranks out more than 425 horsepower this rwd automobile stands out among performance vehicles because it provides excellent driving and lots of power sadly gm shut down the holden division in the year 2020. number three lucid air startups and large corporations are competing to create the greatest ev as part of the continuous race to electrify our automobiles one of them is the lucid air which is still among the top family vehicles available today the air is nearly the greatest ev vehicle on the market with a power of more over 1 000 horsepower number two hyundai stereo commercial vehicles must now rank among the coolest cars ever at this time hyundai's attempt to modernize the minivan commercial vehicle is the hyundai stereo the stereo features a premium interior with a luxury latch that has everything you need so that you and your family may travel in style it looks like it came straight off the blade runner sets [music] number one dodge durango srt hellcat one of the most potent suvs on the market right now is the dodge durango srt hellcat it sports a substantial 710 horsepower 6.2 liter hemi v8 engine the durango srt is a three-row suv that can reach 60 miles per hour in an absurd 3.5 seconds making it one of the fastest suvs on the market and the ideal family vehicle for your adventurous needs thank you thank you  [music] if you need a vehicle with more cargo space and a larger seating capacity than a minivan an suv may be a good option for you however with so many seven or eight seater suvs available from various car manufacturers it can be difficult to choose the best one to make sure you don't end up with an inferior three-row suv we've compiled a list of the best three row seven-seater suvs on the market in 2023 when it comes to choosing a family vehicle safety is of the utmost importance all of the suvs on our list have received top ratings in crash tests and offer a range of advanced safety features such as blind spot monitoring and automatic emergency braking in addition to safety we know that families need a spacious and comfortable ride these suvs offer plenty of room for both passengers and cargo as well as convenient features like power folding third row seats and panoramic sunroofs so which suvs made the cut if you want to find out you should watch this video from the beginning to the very end here we go [music] number 10. 2023 kia sorrento the midsize crossover and suv segment is swollen with entries but the three-row kia sorrento is one worth considering with seeding for up to seven passengers the sorrento offers the utility of the larger v6 powered telluride with better fuel economy and multiple powertrain configurations the front drive suv comes standard with a 191 horsepower inline 4 with an 8-speed automatic transmission however we think buyers ought to consider adding all-wheel drive and upgrading to the sorrento's 281 horsepower turbocharged four-cylinder engine [music] foreign number nine 2023 gmc yukon general motors gmc division is best known for commercial vehicles and work trucks but the 2023 yukon is one of the most accommodating and luxurious passenger vehicles in the brand's history this large family suv offers spacious accommodations across three rows of seats and is even offered with a longer wheelbase called yukon xl that opens up even more space for cargo most models are powered by av-8 either of a 5.3 or a 6.2 liter variety but a turbo diesel 3.0 liter inline 6 is also available a novelty in this segment towing capacity and acceleration are both strong with any of the available engines but the v8s aren't particularly fuel efficient the base sle trim is hardly spartan with a host of convenience and technology features offered as standard but the upscale denali trims locks things up to compete with premium entrants such as the cadillac escalade and lincoln navigator the yukon's biggest competitor however comes from sister brand chevrolet in the form of the tahoe and suburban suvs both of which are mechanically identical and offer similar accoutrements for slightly less money foreign [music] number eight 2023 buick enclave the 2023 enclave is buick's entry into the ultra competitive mid-size luxury suv game and it comes up short [music] handsome styling and value-oriented packaging notwithstanding the enclave simply doesn't measure up to luxury branded rivals many of which cost only a few thousand dollars more viewed through the lens of premium rather than outright luxury the enclave finds its footing among a set of rivals that straddle the same line including the acura mdx and the infiniti qx60 as well as high-end versions of the kia telluride and the jeep grand cherokee l l models come with a smooth 3.6 liter v6 and buick has taken extra steps to create a hushed cabin that's relaxing on long road trips the generous list of standard features also helps the enclave make a case for itself but buyers who are cross shopping similarly sized suvs from bmw mercedes-benz and volvo will find the enclave's presentation lacks the polish that makes those european offerings more desirable number seven 2023 ford expedition the ford expedition is a solid and all-around capable full-size read that as huge three-row suv it comes in two lengths standard humongous and even more humongous max and the lineup includes the timberline model which is well equipped for off-road excursions unlike its equally enormous rivals from gm and stellantis such as the chevy tahoe gmc yukon and jeep wagoneer it does not offer a naturally aspirated v8 engine option instead the expedition is powered by ford's well-known twin turbocharged 3.5 liter ecoboost v6 which develops up to 440 horsepower and 510 pound-feet of torque in the most powerful model a quick-witted 10-speed automatic handle shifting duties for all 2023 expeditions and customers can choose between rear or four-wheel drive setups despite foregoing av-8 the expedition still isn't exactly fuel efficient but it is quick it can haul its considerable bulk up to 60 miles per hour in under 5 seconds when equipped with the stealth performance package on top of that it has a towing capacity of 9 300 pounds and can carry over 1 750 pounds of onboard payload [music] number six 2023 chevrolet suburban the suburban name dates all the way back to 1935 and after 87 years it's as well known as coca-cola now in its 12th generation this behemoth full-size body on frame suv continues to offer three rows seating for up to eight passengers and towing capacity of plenty an abridged version of the bourbon the slightly shorter tahoe is reviewed separately a 355 horsepower v8 is standard while an optional 277 horsepower inline 6 turbo diesel and a 420 horsepower gas v8 are available all engines are lashed to a telepathic 10-speed automatic transmission and can be equipped with either rear or four-wheel drive except for the four-wheel drive-only off-road focused z71 trim suburban cargo space is massive with a 20 cubic foot over the jeep wagoneer advantage with their third rows folded an available air suspension allows the suburban to comfortably roll with the pavement's punches the interior styling and materials are ho-hum but at least the 10.2 inch touchscreen handles climate and navigation with speed and clarity [music] foreign 2023 mazda cx-9 growing up doesn't mean you have to give up if you feel the need to trade your hot little two-door sports car for a box on wheels but wish you didn't have to there's the 2023 mazda cx-9 it offers a more satisfying driving experience than other family suvs such as the hyundai palisade kia telluride and jeep grand cherokee l mazda has massaged its hallmark driving verve deep into the cx-9 and the turbocharged four-cylinder engine does its best to add some excitement of course this driver-focused experience isn't without downsides as the cx-9's more compact shape means that the larger suvs in this segment offer more space for people and cargo the interior may not be as roomy but it's certainly more upscale than expected thanks to premium materials and a timeless design from a purely practical point of view the cx-9 is falling behind but for those who have road manners high on their priority list the mazda is still a strong entry in the suv segment foreign number four 2023 chevrolet traverse the chevrolet traverse is an adequate three-row family suv offering voluminous seating room loads of cargo space handsome styling and a sense of athleticism that belies its size propulsion is provided by gm's pepe gm's 3.6 liter v6 which is mated to a smooth shifting 9-speed automatic transmission and paired with either front or all-wheel drive while pricing and interior materials are appropriately matched for the base ls model the lack of premium quality furnishings and finishes becomes increasingly apparent with each step up in trim level rivals of the traverse offer a richer experience as a result of having better cabin materials and interior execution the 10 best winning kia telluride being a prime example others in this large and varied segment like the ford bronco offer more trail conquering capability and curbside cool still others like the jeep grand cherokee l can be outfitted to deliver both more luxury and capability that's how we came to rank the traverse 25th in the 27 strong mid-size suv segment number three 2023 jeep grand wagoneer before the grand wagoneer arrived jeep had never built an suv so big and luxurious within its enormous shell are three rows and seeding for up to eight not to mention attractive materials and upscale features throughout the long wheelbase grand wagoneer l has more storage space behind all those seats too unfortunately the longer version also will be more difficult to maneuver than its already cumbersome counterpart regardless of length the largest jeep suffers from terrible fuel economy with a combined epa rating of just 16 miles per gallon that estimate isn't for a big displacement v8 either but a new twin turbo six-cylinder with 510 horsepower at least that engine should get the 2023 jeep grand wagoneer and its precious cargo where it needs to go on time and in exceptional comfort for those not looking to spend six figures the jeep wagoneer is a less expensive albeit less fancy alternative foreign [music] [music] number two 2023 hyundai palisade with a high-class cabin a smooth ride and space for the whole family it's easy to see why the palisade has been a hit for hyundai the brand's largest suv runs the gamut from its value-oriented base trim to the swanky calligraphy model that does its best impression of a genesis gv80 a 3.8 liter v six engine resides under the palisades hood and delivers its smooth 291 horsepower through an 8-speed automatic transmission many connectivity and technology features are standard across the range while top models get luxuries such as a panoramic sunroof in-dash navigation and quilted leather upholstery no matter which trim you choose the palisades cabin is a spacious comfortable place for the whole family [music] foreign 2023 kia telluride a regular on our 10 best trucks and suvs list the 2023 kia telluride is a well-rounded package with handsome styling and a bargain price the telluride offers a generous set of standard features throughout its range and its top trim delivers an elevated experience that's comparable to suvs that cost twice as much a smooth running v6 engine a quiet cabin and confident handling give the telluride a refined feel on the road too a 5 500 pound towing capacity makes the telluride useful for hauling a small boat or camper and its spacious and comfortable cabin is ideal for long distance cruising not only does it flawlessly fulfill its mission the telluride sets the standard for the rest of the mid-size crossover class foreign [music] [music] [music] come on [music]  foreign [music] how do you get superior german quality and avoid the snappiness that is sometimes associated with the cars coming out of this country well how about going for bmws these autos are of the most premium quality yet they remain true driver scars on any imaginable level this video is import one of our summary for the latest bmw news in 2023 and 2024 model years we will start with the newest bmw suvs and sporty crossovers so subscribe to automotive territory and let's enjoy these luxury high performance machines we start the engines now [music] bmw x6 this year the midsize performance focused sports activity coupe from bmw is getting a mid-cycle facelift with a range of exterior attack and performance updates its front fascia looks more angular and sharper thanks to the slimmer one piece headlights and revised bumpers from now on all x6 models come standard to the m sport package which brings a restyled grille with black drumming special side skirts m sport brake calipers and an adaptive m suspension on the inside the biggest change is the addition of the brand's latest to twin screen curved display which now consists of a 15 inch touchscreen and a 12.3 inch digital gauge cluster the system runs on the idrive 8 operating software and features wireless apple carplay and android auto finally each of the available powertrains now has a 48 volt hybrid system integrated into the automatic transmission and under certain conditions it can add up to 12 horsepower and 147 pound-feet of torque [music] bmw xm up until the release of this model any bmw suv that carried the letter m has been just a slightly overpowered version of the standard tram the exam on the other hand is the first dedicated crossover coming out directly from the m workshop besides the expected sports enhancements this means the adoption of the futuristic exterior design of the exam concept the list of bold choices includes chain normus 23-inch wheels unseemly big air gulping kidney grille two-tone gray bronze exterior narrow sleds for the led headlights vertical quad exhausts and an aerodynamic rear diffuser the bmw exams secret weapon is a 644 horsepower or mx drive plug-in hybrid powertrain that consists of a 4.4 liter twin turbo v8 high performance electric motor and a battery with up to 30 miles of range in the upcoming label red version the output will be bumped up to 735 hp and 735 pound-feet making it the most powerful bmw ever built to improve handling the suv rides on a coil spring suspension system augmented by adaptive dampers and active anti-roll bars despite the x7 like 122 inch wheelbase the exam z2050 with bmw's traditional interior and vintage brown leather carbon fiber trim and surely you will get the latest curved display with the idrive 8 software interface foreign [music] bmw x1 and ix1 what seems like an a static improvement is actually a comprehensive overhaul that touches all the mutual components of the x1 chassis powertrain portfolio and interior the exterior dimensions of the crossover grow noticeably larger with the 1.7 inch increase in height and length and the addition of 0.9 inches in width the x1's body becomes more sharply chiseled the kidney krill is nominally increased and the suspension has been redesigned to improve handling and stability in the us the x1 will go on sale with a familiar 2-liter turbo that is boasted to 241 horses and gets standard all-wheel drive the international version also offers two diesel mills with 48 volts miles hybrid systems phevs and for the first time customers will get an option of a fully electric unit specs and price wise the evix1 is the new flagship model it's 64.7 kilowatt hour battery stores 250 miles of range while the all-wheel drive powertrain yields 308 hp and 364 pound-feet this suv will get to 60 inches 5.7 seconds finally the new bmw subcompact it's the latest idrive 8 and 14 months with a single curved display there is a head-up display and a harman kardon stereo system foreign by smashing the like button you're supporting our efforts of producing informative car videos on a regular basis thanks for the feedback and we keep rolling [music] bmw x5 bmw's original sports utility vehicle continues to be the pillar of german luxury suvs its facelift introduces reshaped error intakes with a dynamically curved element at the front the exterior line saturn aluminum trim is now standard as well as through frails and saturn aluminum led headlights were narrowed for a more menacing gaze into the night and the drl snow serve as turn signals matrix led headlights with adaptive control and bmw selective beam are on the options list the kidney grill of the new x5 has kept the normal shape but for the first time it can be illuminated the aux motive continues in the rear where the new lights feature striking contours the fiber optic light elements in 2024 buyers of the x5 will have a choice of multiple diesel and petrol powertrains that were enhanced with a 48 volt hybrid system plus there is a newly arriving bmw x5 xdrive 50e 483 hp plug-in hybrid with increased range of nearly 40 miles the cabin integrates a curved display formed by a 12.3 inch dashboard and a 15 inch infotainment and the system is powered by the bmw os 8 and the latest generation i drive [music] bmw x7x drive m60i in addition to an exterior facelift the 2023 bmw x7 debuts an all-new factory flagship labeled the m60i the model gives the same polarizing look featuring thin headlights a backlit grill and new rear lights with a triangular 3d elements however it is set apart by several unique elements like black tiled body parts for exhaust tips 21 to 23 inch wheels and a small spoiler the most important novelty of the m60i is of course its new s68 4.4 liter twin turbo v8 per truly 48 volts mild hybrid system it returns 523 horsepower and 553 pound-feet of torque the range standard 8-speed transmission now introduces a sprint setting that also complete 0-60 races in 3.8 seconds the suv also benefits from the xdrive all-wheel drive air springs rear axle steering and a dynamic handling package the m60i interior accumulates all the most expensive features of the x7 range impactable materials heated front seats panoramic sunroof and a new curved screen comprised of a 12.3 inch dashboard and a 15 inch infotainment and three single glass piece foreign [music] taxi this decor style racer is a joint project of spark racing technology and bmw the former provided the off-roader center pennings while the bavarians were responsible for the new dune taxi body work made with the natural fiber reinforced polymer as a result this model is homologated with the requirements of the extreme e-championship so it can easily take parts in the competition if bmw decides so therefore its powertrain comprises of a 54 kilohert hour battery by williams advanced engineering and a dual motor out wheel drive with 536 hp and 738 pound feet the bmw tune taxi has 16 inches of suspension travel and it can tackle incredibly steep hills like the talmarib dune with a 53 degree climb [music] bmw ix5 hydrogen once you invest 9 billion dollars into the technology there is no turning back therefore bmw is expected to continue the development of its hydrogen fuel cell powertrains with the x5 suv being the major testing platform the key role in this effort will be played by the munich high competence center for hydrogen that is working in close cooperation with toyota bmw stacks fuel cells from their japanese partners and combines them with the 5th generation bmw e drive the system sends 374 horsepower to the rear wheels and ensures 312 miles of range the hydrogen needed to supply the fuel cell is stored into 700 bar tanks made of carbon fiber reinforced plastic these tanks holds almost 6 kilograms of hydrogen that can be replenished in three to four minutes in other aspects this is the good old bmw x5 of the fourth generation with a cool paint scheme with bluish electric motives premium interior and the idrive 7 infotainment interestingly at the moment bmw does not consider to supply this hydrogen suv to dealerships and instead they will send it to individuals and influencers for testing would you agree that bmws are more of driver scars than snobby mercedes which of the upcoming suvs is your top pick in 2023 and 2024. make sure to subscribe to automotive tr2 daily news to get notified about the upcoming review of the new bmw sports car since the dance like this episodes and proceed to other videos as always may the torque be with you  we're rolling into 2023 car prices are starting to stabilize and there's a whole host of amazing new vehicles with some great technology some are economical summer performance oriented some are suvs and some are a little bit on the electrification side i'm going to share a list of 20 amazing new vehicles that are interesting exciting and just wonderful all together sit back grab a bag of popcorn and enjoy let's get into it now life's too short to drive boring cars the first car on my list that's really exciting and i can't wait to get behind the wheel is the glorious bmw i4 now yes we all know that bmw struggled in recent years with a lot of coolant leaks oil leaks especially once the vehicles top out around four or five years of age then it becomes a maintenance nightmare well guess what the i4 is pure ev and you won't have those leaks to contend with what you will have in fact is a car that's extremely exciting to drive there's a couple of different variations you can get an e-drive 40 which essentially provides 0-60 time of about 4.8 seconds which can literally dust the outgoing gas jobby and as well you can get the m50 version which can crack a 0-60 mile per hour time in 3.3 seconds makes it immensely quick now while these cars are somewhat portly and they aren't insignificant by weight at about 5 084 pounds it does still promise to carry its weight very well epa ratings suggest that you're going to see about 301 miles on 18 inch wheels and drop it down to about 280 miles when you're upfitting to the a 19-inch wheel rollers what you can expect to get is an impeccably crafted interior as you would typically expect from many of these german automobiles and this car literally does not disappoint the interior is comfortable rear seating space is adequate and while this is a direct competitor of the model 3 and model s variants within the tesla lineup this car brings the interior quality to another level what you can expect to get two ac motors to a total of 536 horsepower combined it's direct drive and as mentioned its acceleration is immense quarter mile time if i can add is 11.7 seconds for the m50i as well as a 13.4 seconds for the 40 series car road handling is also quite strong at 0.87 up to 0.97 for the m version which clearly is on par with anything of significant sportiness on the market today the i4 is very exciting to me because it brings all of those dynamics that we love about bmw but none of the negatives we don't have all the geeks and all the heavy maintenance items so if you have actually been out there shopping for electrified vehicle and you think that tesla is the only go-to trust me when i say that there are great options like the i4 and at prices ranging from 57 000 up to sixty eight thousand dollars rest assure it's right smack dab in the middle of what we're talking about in tesla land the bmw i4 is one of my personal electric vehicle favorites and is certainly guaranteed to excite for many years to come the second one on my list is this beautiful cadillac ct4 v black wing it is a hot rod and by all accounts indeed it comes equipped with a 3.6 liter twin turbo v6 that makes up a 472 horsepower blistering while it's not quite as immensely hard accelerating and charging as the bmw m3 and m4 that's sought after it certainly has all of the better throttle and exhaust tones that you're going to get that sometimes bmw is a little bit lacking in you can get a 10-speed automatic transmission or you could also get a six-speed manual which when you do that and you upgrade to the manual you do get the titanium connecting rods which makes its intentions very very clear now while it does have a very sporty chassis it's not the type that you feel like you have to be walking on eggshells it does allow you to drive on relatively mundane roads that aren't necessarily the best groomed and while it can still crack over 1g in the corner it certainly has cornering capacity the soft and supple ride quality comes complements of the magneto riological dampers which does alter its suspension and make it a lot more compliant now the interior is moderately finished it's not quite up to par with bmws and the rear seat space is a little bit small but the vehicle still has enough presence and personality to really love now it's this whopping 3.6 liter twin turbo v6 making 472 horsepower that will literally allow it to crack a four second zero to 60 mile per hour time quarter mile yeah 12.4 seconds and about 116 miles per hour means it's very very quick and if you drive a gym majorly relaxed on a highway you can actually see as much as 24 miles per gallon so it's not the type of vehicle that you have to be stopping at every single gas station along the way this latest black wing is definitely a gorgeous piece with some very interesting styling detail on the exterior beautiful wheels and all the latest technology with leds throughout i personally love these just for the sake that it's a manual gearbox good old-fashioned hot rod performance and at about 62 thousand dollars it's not even going to break the bank and the third one is one i've always loved with low running and maintenance costs affordability practicality it has a certain level of sportiness to it as well and it doesn't cost the third born child to be able to afford because you can get into a brand new honda civic for this little is about twenty five thousand dollars u.s there are actually many different offerings as well from a 158 horsepower 2-liter engine to 180 or 200 horsepower in the si turbocharged 1.5 liter four-cylinder engine all the way up to 315 horsepower in the type r now the r and the si to be noted are only available in the manual gearbox and personally that's the way i would outfit it for maximum fun frivolity because if you don't then you wind up in a cvt which isn't the worst it's only slightly drony but it's still relatively fun to drive now performance ranges from 0 to 60 times of 8.8 seconds for the slowest sluggish version all the way down to 4.9 seconds for the fire breathing hot version name the r how about their handling capabilities yes the r also cracks a 1.02 in the skid pad making it out handle many super cars if you can believe that as well combined fuel economy on the most economical version is as much as 28 miles per gallon in the city and 42 miles per gallon on the highway makes it extremely easy to live with so ultimately if you're looking for a car that's fun to drive very attractive to look at low maintenance costs affordable at the fuel pump and ensures you won't become the service manager's favorite friend the honda civic has you covered no matter which type of performance levels you're looking for fourth one on my list is a hot rod by porsche now not everybody wants to spend three arms and four legs to get into a sports car the 718 cayman and 718 boxster ensures that you can have the porsche experience without breaking the bang the beauty is regardless of how you outfit it and what level of options you're still going to be exposed to a high quality interior top shelf styling durability in the performance car world that outshines anything and an underlying racing heritage means that the investment in your sports car fun and frivolity ensures that you won't be disappointed don't let that turbo four-cylinder get you down either because they have a whole level of kick in their own right now initially when porsche swapped out from the flat six naturally aspirated engines and then they switched over to the turbocharged flat four there was a lot of enthusiasm they were just getting all like ramy but the reality is it's not that serious the newer cars are much better than the outgoing naturally aspirated flat 6 engines in fact you can get 300 horsepower of a turbo flat 4 or 350 horsepower if you opt up for the 2.5 half liter flat 4 or you could step all the way up to 394 or 414 horsepower flat 6 engines a 4 liter displacement to which you can either couple them up to a six-speed manual gearbox or the 7-speed dual clutch in porsche's world it's called a pdk quarter mile 11.6 for the quickest variant down to 13 seconds for the slowest and yeah these cars are good for 189 miles per hour they're incredibly quick fun handle like they're on rails and would you believe it the most economical version you can get as much as 23 to 27 miles per gallon on the highway it's actually relatively affordable to run 0-60 3.3 for the gt4 rs as well as 4.4 if you go with the 300 horsepower base model turbo 4. a portion of this guys is nothing more or less than a hummingbird it is aggressive it's wheely it's quick it's fun and quite frankly reliability not that it necessarily matters because when you're looking for a performance car like this reliability isn't always your first thing however ever it's as reliable as lexus toyota brands if you can believe it it's one of the few sports car brands that consistently ranks very very high now granted when they break they break big and they're very expensive however they don't break that often and they're very very well made the porsche 718 cayman in boxster fifth one is another cadillac but this is the big daddy yes we're talking about the ct5v black wing now instead of the ct4s v6 now you're getting a supercharged 6.2 liter v8 that makes a crippling 668 horsepower yeah and you can even make that up to a six-speed manual gearbox or a 10-speed auto yeah i would go manual all day long just for the fun just remember gm's planning going all in with pure ev by the 2035 mark in the sand so this is your opportunity to get one of the latest and greatest hottest internal combustion engine vehicles coming out from general motors now the tremec tr6060 manual gearbox is silky buttery smooth you've got to be really fair firm with it and know that it comes with a no lift function which you can just pull gears without hitting the clutch and you can literally rip through the gears like there's no tomorrow you want to know some performance how about 0 to 60 3.6 seconds and a quarter mile in about 11 and a half this thing is fast top speed 209 miles per hour we're talking mclaren territory skid pad yeah it can also hit a 1.05 in a skid pad means this car can handle accelerate brake with the best of the supercars on the market today the only downside is because it is a gm you're essentially getting nothing much more than a malibu on steroids from an interior perspective and the quality in fit and finish isn't necessarily on par with the 92 000 price tag that you're gonna have to pay to get into one of these ct5v block wings otherwise it's an amazing beast number six is another little favorite of mine it's a very unassuming sports car and it's actually two different cars if we're talking about the subaru brz as well as a toyota gr 86 i know currently we're in a place where cars are hitting a thousand horsepower 600 is the norm 0 to 60 in two and a half seconds seems to be the common place now these cars aren't like that what we're talking about with these cars is a rear-wheel drive manually operated gearbox you can get a 2.4 liter four-cylinder engine that pops out 228 horsepower zero to 60 miles per hour time and about five and a half seconds and quarter mile and about 13.9 means it's very fun very fresh and quick but not necessarily mind-numbing quick it's a cutout performance that you could actually get your your mind can focus on what you're doing in the task at hand with a good old-fashioned manual teamed up to the lightweight sports car just means that you're gonna have all of the authentic driving experience that a lot of cars seem to lose these days with direct drive and big power twin turbos and hybrid this car is just back to basics it can also be relatively economical because 27 to 31 miles per gallon is what you can expect on the highway means that that it's relatively reliable it's cheap on gas parts are going to be low cost and the car is very sporting looking it's gorgeous with beautiful led headlights we've got that beautiful rocker panels nicely finished rear finishing on these vehicles an interior that is basic but relatively solid quality so for those buyers looking for a fun driving experience want to keep their budget under 30 grand and not worrying about a check engine light popping up every time you turn on the ignition this might be your bet my number seven actually is essentially that athletic boy next door if you will it's the chevy corvette and it's the c8 particularly now we've heard so much talk in the last couple of years about the stingray c8 and it's been an impeccable car with 500 horsepower 8-speed double clutch gearbox there hasn't been without some growing pains and a few problems along the way for example the auto popping hood or the leaking gearbox or failing transmissions and some fragile wheels but know this chevy has done some hard work to get some of those problems in the rear view mirror and they've now not rested on their laurels they stepped up and provided something even better than the stingray this year available you're able to get the next hottest what is that what we're talking about here is the five and a half liter 670 horsepower v8 yes it's naturally aspirated in fact it's the most powerful naturally aspirated v8 ever produced on a market and it can whip a 0 to 60 mile per hour time in about 2.6 seconds and it can hit that core order in 10 and a half seconds at about 131 miles per hour means chevy's done playing around no muscle fuss this car means business the skid pad it's impeccable 1.16 g's on the skid pad means it'll out handle many real supercars from ferrari or even lamborghini as a matter of fact many people even say this car is more ferrari than even ferraris make these days just because it's more grassroots and now ferrari's moving on to more hybrid vehicles this is more what ferrari used to be about this new corvette has lines that look a lot like a ferrari for people that aren't truly enthusiasts you look at a distance and you can't almost help mistake it for a modern supercar from modena as well the interior is well crafted much more stylish than outgoing models there's far less squeaks and rattles and this mid-engine layout really does elevate and escalate corvette to another place it's more of a modern day supercar built by gm it's the car that everybody loves i mean what's the hate about it it's a relatively affordable modern day supercar built by the boy next door yes and you can have it for a reasonable dollar now while there's a lot of scalpers on the market and buyer beware you can still get these for a relatively moderate price given the level of performance you're looking at about 67 000 for a base stingray and expect to pay upwards of closer to a hundred and ten thousand dollars if you're looking for the high performance five and a half liter z06 car this latest corvette is definitely one you're going to want to keep your eyes on now the next car number eight on my list is one that's been around for a little while but there's been some significant changes and what we're talking about is a car now that shares a drivetrain from bmw but it's not a bmw it's a toyota so you'd have to expect reliability is going to be relatively stout what we're talking about is toyota supra but the gr version specifically now this year they've actually upped the performance and given that b58 3 liter turbo six-cylinder engine the power it finally deserves in the supra so they've upped it from the previous generation and now they've got the full meal deal 385 horsepower and yes it's not just available in bmw's zenf 8-speed automatic transmission you can actually get a six-speed manual gearbox to row your own gears it's about time guys now you can't get the six-speed manual in the 2-liter four-cylinder engine but it is in fact available okay well 0-60 hubble 3.7 seconds up to four and a half seconds if you're talking about the turbo 4 and quarter mile is close to 12 seconds for the turbo 6 in the manual gearbox and 13 seconds in the turbo 2-liter version skid pad as well at 1.04 shows that this car clearly has strong sporting intentions and now that bmw and toyota finely put together the right package this is truly the latest the best of the breed and toyota's even gone and upgraded and made some refinements both the interior which is slightly cleaned up and the suspension is dialed in as well so it's slightly less tail happy this whole car is much improved and if you want to have a supra this in fact fact is the one to get at fifty three thousand dollars it's even a relative bargain for this level of performance now the ninth pick on my list is a car that's not really suited for people looking for the most performance or you're looking for a car and value a car with durability reliability the honda name for overall practicality and quality as well as a vehicle that has touching some of the latest elements of technology yes we're talking about the latest and greatest from honda now for a similar price tag is you're looking at the honda civic the new honda accord certainly has some different technologies for people looking for something to transport a fall small family around now a year or so ago honda dropped the manual gearbox and some of their hotter performance versions now they're at a place where things are a lot more dialed back but again know that it's not all about performance with the accord it's really about embracing the latest technology looking for efficiency fuel consumption so you don't get dinged at the fuel pump so now honda accords are available with a little bit of upgrades some subtle exterior touch-ups interiors retweaked and tuned and the overall car is largely the same chassis but there's some updates throughout led it's a nice looking car stands as a good road presence and and it has some drive trains for example 190 horsepower 1.5 liter turbo 4. now know that honda has largely dialed out a lot of the fuel and oil dilution issues with that one and a half liter engine so it doesn't seem to be quite as the issue these days but they also offer another alternate drivetrain which is 145 horsepower naturally aspirated 2-liter engine coupled up to a pair of ac motors and a cvt transmission or direct drive all of this makes up the 204 horsepower so none of these variations are fire breathing dragons but they are in fact practical reliable and they're going to intended to maximize your fuel consumption and minimize your fuel usage they're still fun to drive 0 to 60 times of 6.7 seconds for the quicker and you could expect almost 50 miles per gallon on the highway way in certain variants the price tag for one of these cars anywhere from 29 to 34 000 means your smack job in the center of honda civic territory but you've got more car more practicality and certainly more economy the honda accord is still a beautiful car now the 10th car on my list is one which comes from a car manufacturer that's typically known for reliable vehicles practical sensible economical vehicles that won't break your bank but they finally are starting to get on board with producing some cars that are hot [\u00a0__\u00a0] the drive and it's nice to know that the hot hatch officially hasn't died because they've proven that all wrong with the latest variant of what we're talking about here is that the toyota gr corolla yes normally when i say toyota and corolla i kind of vomit in my mouth momentarily but that's not the case with this version what we're dealing with here is a 1.3 liter turbocharged three-cylinder engine that's pressurized with 26 pounds of boost and makes up to 300 horsepower and no it doesn't come with a cvt garbage transmission this one actually comes with a six-speed manual so everything about this car screams performance from the styling the flared fenders the vents on the sides the aggressive front nose the stance that just makes it look like it's ready for attack mode this car is nothing short of spectacular if you're looking for something relatively economical reliable performs well this has you covered and the beauty is the drive modes allows this car to be everything from jekyll to hide you can split the power delivery from 60 to 40 60 front 40 in the rear or fix 50 50 or as well a rear bias 3070 split which many consider it as the fun or the party mode because it just allows you to get a little bit silly right there that car is a lot of fun so yes with track modes the single crack 0-60 mile per hour in 4.9 seconds quarter mile 13.3 do you remember they will porsche 930 in the 80s that was the same performance numbers that this car is putting down it can also break from 70 to zero in a stone 167 feet and hit the skid pad at 0.94 g which makes it relatively stout in the handling department as well would you believe that all this performance and you can still get 28 miles per gallon this car is very easy to live with so at a base price of 37 000 could this car in fact be the best car of both worlds you've got economy performance reliability style looks all of it wrapped up in one affordable package i love this new gr corolla it's awesome so number 11 is a car that is very much like the honda civic as a matter of fact their big brother and little brother and what we're talking about these acura integra yeah the revisit from way back many many moons ago the integra has come back for fun and frivolity what this car features is a 200 horsepower turbocharged four-cylinder engine very similar to the honda civic si engine but the differences in the si you can only get a manual gearbox in the integra you either could get the manual or you can get the automatic which makes it a little bit more interesting in that sense the integra has even though it's an upscale there's still a lot of honda civic buried embedded within the interior although it does look significant nicer overall than the civic so that's one of the key price points but generally speaking the integra is a reworked civic but that's not a bad thing you spend a little more money sure the interior is going to be reliable it's going to be great on fuel it has great performance and fun to drive so the sharp the handling is going to be crisp the hatchback is going to be practical functional and fuel economy is going to be amazing the only thing as a drawback you'll find typically with a lot of hondas you're going to find a little bit extra road noise not to the same quality of drive feel that you're going to get from some of the upscale acuras you can't get summer tire options specifically it's going to be more or less an all-season version and for an additional cost it still feels a little bit too much honda civic now oddly enough for the automatic it's actually lower cost it's interesting years ago you would actually have to pay more to get it to an automatic transmission in today's day and age it seems to be the manual costs you extra money and that's no different here in the a-spec manual over the auto you're talking about an additional three thousand dollars to get that upgrade but believe me you and me it's worth every penny so if you're looking for something that's not overly expensive it's something fresh and new it's got all the leds and the latest technology safety features practicality reliability but there's less of them than everything else out there you can get into one of these for as much as 37 000 when you pretty much cap out your options list and the manual version still very practical and affordable it's a lovely car and definitely a must check out on anybody's list the next car on my list is actually more of a small suv and if i could be so bold i've never really been the fan of the name although the vehicle itself is very very intriguing what we're talking about is the alfa romeo toenail or tonali or however you want to say it or whatever you want to call it that's just the way i see it however it's a very very cool little car now it's marketed as a smaller lower cost subcompact type suv but it is available as a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle as well and it does have a standard all-wheel drive system now this vehicle has a 2-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine and it makes about 256 horsepower but it's the torque at 295 that makes this vehicle especially interesting now the optional plug-in hybrid version uses a 1.3 liter turbo 4 with a rear mounted electric motor that helps to combine an output of about 272 horsepower the base unit has a 9-speed automatic transmission however the plug-in hybrid version uses a six-speed auto and it also has the 15.5 kw hour battery pack good for only about 30 miles round trip is all it's going to do get you to the grocery store and back or that short trip to your buddy's place before you're gonna have to recharge it or plug it in again the reason i like this vehicle it has the italian flow the essence the styling the only downside is reliability is always going to be a bit of a concern you start adding more electric technology within the skins of a lot of these italian cars and you sometimes question whether the reliability is going to be there for the long term planning on leasing or a short-term buy this could be an amazing new purchase because it's not overly expensive either but you can expect to see a price tag in around that 36 to 40 000 u.s making it relatively easy to afford for most budgets now another great vehicle that if you're a little daring and you don't mind challenging the concept of reliability you might look at a maserati they have the latest suv yes in fact it's the greek kale or gracali or however you want to pronounce that and i'm just a mess over here today but it's a great sporty mid-size suv that comes in a few different engine drivetrain configurations now personally i think it looks a lot like a lot of the bmws but then in fact a lot of suvs are all starting to blend together and look very much the same however know this because it's a maserati it's italian it's premium and it sits in bed every night with ferrari that it truly has a lot of those styling cues elements and is really derived with a higher level of quality performance that's what it does maserati's got a real history now these vehicles come in three different forms you've got a gt model modena as well as the trofeo which is the top of the line what do they all have for drive trains well well the base model is a 2-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine mild hybrid system puts out about 296 horsepower which is more than respectable at approximately 332 pound-feet of torque means it's going to scoot you along nicely it's going to fill peppy not going to blow anybody's doors off but it will be relatively fun to drive then you step into the next next level of drivetrains and you can expect a slightly boosted version of a symbol or drivetrain now it would come with a 332 horsepower engine that whips out about 325 horsepower which again you'll feel up by the seat of the patch just a little bit really where you really want to go it's going to cost you a significant amount of money though is the twin turbo v6 it's three liters it puts over 523 horsepower and about 457 pump feet of torque all featuring an 8-speed automatic transmission an all-wheel drive are pretty much standard across the board it's a well-equipped gorgeous luxury suv that has some significant sporting intentions and if you're sick of looking at the same old humdrum suvs honda pilots and bmw x3s this might be your answer but just know that there might be a bit of a risk on reliability and long-term longevity fuel economy is going to be marginal and cost of replacement parts is going to be very very high so tread cautiously but if you're looking for something special this maserati might have have you covered now another very interesting one that i stumbled across recently it's made in germany i looked i saw this eqs pass by and i thought boy that was a very interesting vehicle but that's not what we're talking about here now mercedes-benz has what they call the eqe which is essentially on a very similar platform slightly scaled down according like the e-class versus ds class is always slightly smaller but it has a lot of the very fundamental basis to it we're talking about pure electric vehicle and it has a lot of great dynamics unique styling although slightly daring it still looks relatively traditional they haven't gone too far outside the room of comfort to offend or push away any existing clientele from mercedes now there's a few variants we talk about the eqe 350 which is a single rear mounted electric motor that produces about 288 horsepower and about 391 pound-feet of torque well then there's an eqe 500 that you'll get over 400 horsepower from which is going to be more than enough excitement for one day then there's an eqe amg version version which is where the real fun begins and that uses two electric motors one on the rear axle and one up front this setup was going to give you about 617 horsepower and if you really want to go another level you can go to amg dynamic plus and it'll crack out 677 horsepower and about a 701 pound-feet of torque or the 738 pound-feet in the amg dynamic plus version a 90 kilowatt hour lithium ion battery will be used and drives for ranges are estimated over 300 miles or about 500 kilometers meaning it can be relatively practical almost similar very similar to the extended range tesla model 3s the difference with that very simplistic tesla design and a mercedes is mercedes takes quality and pride to another level their interiors are going to be some of the best in the business and the latest eqe does not disappoint it is literally some of the nicest modern style ev type interiors that you'll find anywhere in the business today if you want to get into the base 350 version of the eqe expect to be doling out about 75 000 that's just a starting point not insignificant but you are in tesla land so it's not that far out of the question the next car that's really worth keeping an eye on is a car that reads exotic car standards and where we're talking about something literally from the italian marquee ferrari and it's the perisangue it's a beautiful suv it's ferrari's verse attempt at an suv and clearly after lamborghini came out with the euros ferrari felt they had to follow up and create something of similar stature truth be told it looks more like a sporty touring car but it is to be considered as an suv and ferrari's first approach now they do start at about three hundred thousand dollars so it's not for everybody unfortunately and for those on a relatively limited budget this may not necessarily apply but for those may be willing to consider selling their left nut this car literally could be the suv for you now it does come featured with a naturally aspirated v12 engine but there's a later v8 and a twin turbo v6 versions as well available waiting in the wings there's a plethora of beautiful interior finishing and interactive passenger side panel that shows statistics and lots of room even with these impressive rear doors opening the opposite direction it's an absolute gorgeous vehicle worth every penny unfortunately i may not have enough pennies to go around to try one of these for myself the ferrari parasanga is definitely one worth scoping out if you've got the box now another one of my favorite picks is a car that's very analog by nature it's a car you can outfit with a manual gearbox or an automatic transmission it has a twin turbo 3 liter v6 that makes about 400 horsepower instead of the outgoing 3.7 liter v6 it's true to its nature it has significant history and roots which tell drivers who love the driving experience to keep coming back to a car like this it has a starting price of about forty one thousand dollars u.s so it makes relatively affordable it has a host of knobs and buttons instead of all the latest technology meaning that you don't have to go into menu into menu into menu just to activate one little simple feature it's a simple car for people who like to drive it's a great machine and what we're talking about is the latest nissan z car absolutely gorgeous i love the looks of it although it's on the latest and oldest platform from the 350 and the 370z cars it just carries on and it's a slightly revised version yes it has some latest gadgets on the interior and yes it looks fresh but it still is a very analog driving experience 0-60 performance numbers you would expect to be them in the low 4 seconds to mid four second range and the unfortunate part about this car because of it's such an analog car because it's so retro because it's so popular because it's coming back and it's a hot new car people are starting to scalp these so these are the kind of cars you got to be careful you got to dance around even with a 41 000 base price there's so many people i've heard of putting a price tag of a hundred thousand plus on these they're not worth it it's not that type of a car what it is in fact is a car very similar to the brz or the 86 where it's a very analog simple driving experience rear wheel drive fun and just exciting all the way around it has some really amazing design features the overall style and the shape looks very much like the outgoing car zed cars but there's a lot of features the front nose looks a little more aggressive with a little more spoiler when you look at the back end it's great it actually harkens back to the early 90s think back 1990 300 zx looks very much like that the interior is very clean looks very similar to the outgoing cars again with a little extra technology buried and bored the added bonus this car has some additional performance enhancements for example the no lift shift technology on the manual gearbox it also has some extra valving within the turbo system better throttle response better turbocharged boost control and it's just a more performance oriented car from the similar variants within the infinity lineup this car happens to also have just enough power that in both automatic as well as manual cars simply by removing traction control roll you're able to do easy peasy donuts all day long the nissan z pure honest performance car relatively modest price tag and just a fun car overall another car on my list that i tried cautiously with but i find it very fascinating i love the new design themes i love some of the technology and the updates and what we're talking about here is the latest and greatest bmw xm what it does feature is a 4.4 liter twin turbo v8 you got to remember this comes from a place where these cars had oil consumption timing chain problems heavy battery draw but a lot of those problems are have been somewhat engineered out but just know this maintenance will be a key with these cars it's still going to see coolant leaks oil leaks you know four or five years down the road you're gonna have to start thinking about some of the maintenance aspects but for the time being if you're leasing and you're buying short term the xm bmw looks like a fascinating piece because it's also made it to an electric motor and a battery pack that gives it about 30 miles of cruising range on pure ev but it also whacks a walloping punch of 640 34 horsepower that's impressive coil spring suspension means it's going to handle fairly well and active dampers just means that there's many different drive modes and it's going to drive for any mood that you're in whether you're looking for a sporting driving experience or you just want to settle back and cruise home from a long day at work this is truly going to be literally one of bmw's most powerful engines ever one of the most technically advanced engines ever and clearly one of the most interesting from a styling perspective the bmw xm now another one that i believe is really worth looking at from a brand company that has had actually a lot of significant issues over the last few years with quality control but more so on their internal combustion engines and now specifically as hyundai has transitioned or to the electric vehicle market a lot of the vehicles are very interesting propositions and what we're talking about here is a vehicle that is likely going to start coming out later in 2023 so heads up you're gonna possibly find the ionic 7 by hyundai and that's obviously going to be a three row seven passenger suv yes it will offer a 350 kilowatt rapid charger yes it will give you almost 60 miles of range within five minutes if you just need to hustle along it'll be a very minimal charge time but it also has an available range potentially up to 400 miles or about 600 kilometers that's going to help people consider what range anxiety or put that in the review mirror now the ionic 7 is a very interesting suv from a design perspective i personally love some of the lighting that they've added to the this vehicle some of the very futuristic design elements and again as i've said before if you're sick and tired of looking at standard vehicles you don't look like at a honda pilots and rav4 toyotas if you don't want to look at basic looking ho-hum designs like that this might be up your alley something very much very unique and something you won't see every day the hyundai ioniq 7. now another hot little number you're going to want to keep your eyes out for if you like suvs and you like modern either like performance hubble porsche and the macan it's a vehicle that i reviewed recently and i personally loved it i love the jet fighter style dashboard and the console i love the performance i love the overall physical stature i mean the porsche macan has internal combustion engines from a base model we have twin turbo v6s we have the gts models there's a variety of them but what one thing is clear is porsche has pretty much confirmed that in 2024 the ice or internal combustion versions of the macan are gonzo and so as a result either you buy one of those now or forever hold your peace because what's around the corner is the new maccon ev new for 2023 you're gonna find a hot version available it's going to be very exciting now while there's not a lot of initial information on specifications on the macan it's certainly coming out very soon i would anticipate prices to be in that 80 90 000 plus as a base model and performance numbers will not disappoint it is a porsche they have to live up to their name but from a chassis dynamics perspective this car leaves nothing to chance the porsche macan ev now in the advent of pure electrification pure evs plug-in hybrids and all of that we're starting to lose touch with what a real driving analog dynamics are all about and cars that provide that level of experience and enjoyment are going by the dodo bird now fortunately there's still a few of those little hot rods around and it's very exciting to tell you that there are still a few great options for example one of my favorites next in line is the mazda miata mx-5 or the nd3 version yes it goes through further enhancements for 2 2023 and you're gonna love them it takes you back to the roots to a pure driving experience the miata has always been a fun car however the latest and greatest has different engine variations from a 1.5 liter and a 2-liter four-cylinder engine but there's also talk that they might be scaling back even further to a 1.2 liter engine but don't worry they're also scaling back weight because remember weight is the biggest enemy of performance and they're looking at dropping the weight down to 2182 pounds and even better they still come featured with a six-speed manual gearbox now rumor has it in 2025 we may even see a fully electric version of the miata but for now if you want to get one of the truly best driving experiences from an internal combustion engine the mazda miata definitely has you covered on that front as well it does have some nice revised updates the front end looks sharper the side skirts look more aggressive the interior is nicely updated the entire car is finally tuned and is constantly in a state of dynamic change but only for the sake of improvement nothing drastic no added weight just a pure fun driving experience is always to be had with the mazda miata and that's why anybody looking for a fun driver would be hard-pressed to find anything more exciting especially with the drop top makes it fun when the sun shines and the reliability makes it reasonable when you drive the car into the service bay and also expect it to be relatively affordable in that 30 to 35 000 range so it definitely won't break your bank and with all of that said check that video out that's last year's choices of some of the lowest cost cheapest vehicles on the market for 2022 if you want something simple and cheap that's definitely your answer hope to see each and every one of you on the next one we'll see you real soon bye-bye "

----------

"content is created by cnn underscored\u2019s team of editors who work independently from the cnn newsroom. when you buy through links on our site, we may earn a commission. learn more. outdoor cooking over a grill is probably america\u2019s most beloved summer pastime. whether you prefer burgers and hot dogs, chicken, pork, seafood or vegetables, this highly versatile cooking method makes everything taste better, and it\u2019s always more fun to cook on the deck or patio. with so many grilling options (you\u2019ll find dozens of charcoal, wood, gas and pellet grills available), we decided to go head-to-head to make your decision a little easier. we cooked a whole range of dishes over charcoal, pellets and gas and figured out the advantages and disadvantages of each approach to help you understand the differences and choose the best one for your lifestyle and your budget. according to archeological evidence, humans have been grilling \u2014 quickly cooking food over a direct flame or radiant heat \u2014 for at least 2 million years, and it remains one of the most popular methods of cooking. grilling is special because it jump-starts the complex chemistry that gives meats a delicious crust, flavor and texture profile. the intense heat of the grill triggers the maillard reaction (in which the compounds in food \u2014 the proteins, amino acids and sugars in meat, for example \u2014 react to create darker colors and more intense aromas and flavors) along with caramelization (where at even higher temperatures the sugars in the meat and rub or marinade brown) and char (in which the burning fuel and the vaporized drippings from whatever you\u2019re cooking impart even more flavor to the meat). while many people refer to all grills as barbecues, grilling and barbecuing are not the same. barbecue is a specific style of cooking meat at low heat (under 225 degrees fahrenheit) over long periods (usually measured in hours), and generally uses wood fuel (typically hardwoods and fruitwoods) to provide indirect heat and the smoke that gives barbecued food its characteristic flavor. when shopping for a grill, your first decision is the fuel type. gas, charcoal, pellet and wood grills not only perform differently and let you use different cooking techniques to achieve different flavors, but they vary in start-up time, convenience and ease of cleanup. to add functionality and to make it easier to take care of your grill, you\u2019ll also want to invest in a few grilling accessories. adding tools like a dependable meat thermometer and a durable grill brush to your arsenal will make the job a lot easier. while certain types of outdoor grills (such as kamado-style, kettle-style or pellet-fed) may also be used to smoke meats at lower temperatures with longer cooking times, dedicated barbecue smokers like an offset smoker, a \u201cbullet\u201d or vertical smoker or an electric smoker that burns wood chips or pellets are generally designed specifically for that one purpose. the latest refinement of a 70-year-old design, the weber original premium kettle grill represents the type of charcoal grill most people are familiar with. a kettle grill is simple to use, effective and affordable. but most importantly, the results are fantastic. with a little effort and experience, a simple kettle can turn out fantastic grilled meats and vegetables, letting you take full advantage of the high heat of charcoal grilling in a very accessible format. the design \u2014 a roughly bowl-shaped basin on tripod legs covered by a lid \u2014 is space and fuel efficient, and temperature management is straightforward using vents at top and bottom along with judicious opening and closing of the lid. kettles like the weber can grill at high temperatures (over 700 degrees fahrenheit), and with some skill can be used for low-temperature tasks, including barbecue or smoking, which makes them incredibly versatile. maintenance is simple too, with most offering a removable ash hopper at the bottom of the bowl. if it\u2019s flavor you\u2019re after, the charcoal grills gave us the best results of any grilling method we tested. because charcoal grills get hotter than any other type of grill, the larger surface area means you get all-over radiant heat you won\u2019t get from gas, and the coals themselves lend food the distinctive taste that most of us associate with grilling in the first place. the burgers we cooked on the charcoal grills were juicier and better-tasting than the gas grill or even the pellet grill, offering a delicious crust and that distinctive \u201cchar\u201d flavor you\u2019ll also get when\u00a0cooking steaks, pork, chicken, seafood or vegetables. cooking over charcoal is simple and can give you a sense of tangible enjoyment no other method can match. and as long as you can pay attention to fire management, you can get a low-temperature burn, perfect for cooking low and slow for smoky flavors. whatever type of charcoal grill you choose, they all work on the same basic principle: you get a pile of charcoal fuel burning (for ignition, we highly recommend skipping the old-school lighter fluid and using a chimney starter, a propane torch or an electric heat gun like the looft lighter), spread it out in a basin and once it\u2019s white-hot and burning continuously, cooking grates are installed above that and the food placed either directly above hot fuel for direct heat cooking or farther away from it for indirect heat. charcoal generates super-high temperatures and can burn for hours. it can be stored safely, it\u2019s relatively affordable and since the grills typically don\u2019t have any mechanical parts aside from whatever device is used to empty the ash hopper, charcoal grills typically require very little long-term maintenance aside from inexpensive part replacement. we found two big downsides to grilling with charcoal: time management and temperature management. first, it takes much longer to get the grill fired up and hot enough for cooking than with any other method \u2014 a good 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the grill size. this means you can\u2019t just decide to throw some burgers on; you\u2019ll have to think ahead. the ignition process also takes a little work as well as an extra tool such as a torch or chimney. and it\u2019s much harder (though not impossible) to get a charcoal grill started in windy or rainy weather. second, managing the temperature of a charcoal grill takes some work. once you\u2019ve got everything going, it isn\u2019t a set-and-forget process as with a modern kitchen stove. you\u2019ll need to interact with the pile of hot coals and get used to manual venting to maintain temperature and get the results you want \u2014 it can be a wonderfully tactile experience, but it\u2019s more labor intensive than other grilling methods. lastly, charcoal grilling produces a lot of ash, so it involves more cleanup than other methods. and because you can\u2019t start tidying up until the grill cools off, there\u2019s even more waiting before you can dispose of the ash left in the hopper. beyond the popular kettle grill, you\u2019ll find many types of charcoal grills, so we tested several of the most popular variants. the basic principles are similar, but their varied construction methods and layouts give them a range of abilities that suit different types of cooking. we tested four charcoal grills. along with the weber kettle-style charcoal grill, we looked at the big green egg kamado-style ceramic grill, the nuke delta argentinian grill and a yak shichirin, or \u201chibachi,\u201d grill. a kamado, or \u201cegg-style,\u201d grill is similar in appearance to a kettle grill, except that it is usually made of thick ceramic material. the cooking style traces its lineage back to clay-pot cooking techniques used in china and india (the word \u201ckamado\u201d originates from a japanese adaptation of the same method). modern kamado-style grills are available from many companies, though the most well known is big green egg, which popularized the concept in the us in the 1970s. because their ceramic casings are so heavily insulated, kamado-style grills can capture and hold a lot of radiant heat, making them great not just for grilling but for low-temperature cooking tasks such as barbecuing and smoking or brick-oven style pizza and bread baking at temperatures up to 700 degrees fahrenheit. fueled with lump hardwood charcoal, larger kamado-style grills include multiple racks that can be stacked vertically for baking or to let them double as a vertical smoker, giving them a considerable capacity in a relatively small space. known popularly in the us as a hibachi (a term which in japanese actually refers to a small stove used for heating; small cooking stoves are referred to as shichirin), this style of charcoal grill is very simple \u2014 a small metal box topped by a metal grate, suitable for use almost anywhere, and perfect for travel, camping, tabletop use and so forth. like most charcoal grills, they can use briquettes or lump hardwood charcoal, and they\u2019re very versatile. there are dozens of variations on the design, ranging from the stainless steel yak grill we tested to disposable, single-use charcoal hibachis meant for camping trips, tailgating or bringing to the beach. sold under many names, this style of rectangular grill has its origins in the style of cooking known in south america as asado, done on a simple grill known as a parrilla \u2014 basically a portable hearth. to use it, you ignite your coals (lump hardwood charcoal is suggested) in a firebox, or brasero, which sits next to the grilling area, then once they\u2019re white hot you dump them onto and spread them out on the main surface, above which a grill grate is suspended; to control the temperature you raise or lower the grate or change its angle. cooking on a parilla is a slow process with a learning curve, but it\u2019s great for large proteins or just preparing food for large parties. modern versions of these grills are often made out of heavy-duty carbon steel, and are not designed for portability or even to be moved around your backyard easily \u2014 the nuke delta we tested weighs 284 pounds, but that supports a\u00a0massive 40-inch-wide cooking grate with some 547 square inches of cooking space on it, so it has a huge food capacity. if you want to grill but you don\u2019t want to wait, a gas grill is the ultimate in outdoor cooking convenience. there\u2019s no fussing with fire starters or babysitting hot coals; just open the valves controlling the burners, hit the ignition button and within 10 minutes, the grill will be above 600 degrees fahrenheit and ready to go. you can have dinner ready any night of the year within 30 minutes, bad weather be damned. gas grills are also much simpler to manage than charcoal. cooking on a gas grill is nearly as easy as cooking on the stovetop. gas burners give you precise temperature control, from around 300 on up to 700 degrees fahrenheit, and individual control of multiple burners lets you adjust for small or large meals, or create cooler and hotter zones for indirect cooking and convection effects. you can, for instance, run with a single burner if you need to cook just a couple of burgers or chicken breasts for dinner, or if you want to cook a protein longer with indirect heat. so long as you set up everything correctly (and have an instant-read meat thermometer to check your proteins for doneness), you can come out looking like a grilling superhero every single time. with gas, we got solid maillard reactions when cooking meats such as burgers and steaks \u2014 nice crusts, but with a cleaner flavor because that \u201cchar\u201d was not present. we found ourselves using more marinades, sauces and seasonings with gas-grilled foods than charcoal-grilled proteins and vegetables, and the food tasted lighter. we do not view this as a negative simply because gas grilling tends to lend itself well to healthier cooking overall. propane and natural gas (gas grills can run on either, with the appropriate fittings) are clean-burning and generate excellent levels of searing heat; not quite as hot as charcoal, but hot enough for good results from most anything you\u2019d want to grill. while cooking with gas has a lot of advantages, making it a great choice for many, the technique has some downsides, the first being that it just doesn\u2019t taste like charcoal; because the clean-burning fuel doesn\u2019t impart any intrinsic flavors, you get neutral and natural-tasting grilled food rather than a smoky or charbroiled flavor. you can enhance the flavor or even get smoker-like effects at low temperatures by using foil packets of wood chips or wood pellets placed above the burners\u2019 heat deflectors, but the results are different than cooking over charcoal. since the burners are a smaller, cooler heat source than a pile of burning coals, less of the cooking in a gas grill happens by radiant heat. this means that more heat is distributed to your food via the grill itself, so you get distinct lines on your chicken breasts with relatively paler meat in between rather than the all-over crispiness you get from charcoal. finally, while there is no ash buildup and gas grills are easier to care for on a daily basis than their charcoal-burning cousins, gas grills require a little more long-term care and maintenance. you will have to periodically clean up grease and particle accumulation on the deflectors, burners, air shutter screens, catch pan, grease tray and firebox itself. gas regulators, which control the amount of gas pressure going into the grill, have a life span of five to 10 years (these cost around $50; plus, you may occasionally have to purge them if they are clogged by \u201cvapor lock\u201d). electric igniter batteries need periodic replacement as well, and the gas burners themselves may eventually require replacement, as they wear and can eventually crack (a set of three tubes usually goes for about $50). additionally, you\u2019ll want to buy a cover for your gas grill to keep it out of the elements, as weather can cause the mechanical parts to deteriorate. and if you\u2019re using propane cylinders, keep them outside in a cool, shady place. (never store them in your home or an enclosed area such as a garage, shed or basement, and keep them away from flames, sparks and temperatures above 120 degrees fahrenheit). pellet grills are ideal for anyone who wants slow-cooked, woody barbecue flavor without the fuss of charcoal. they are also perfect for aspiring grill masters who love nerdy, high-precision cooking. pellet grills function much like pellet stoves: an electrical ignition system fires up a fuel supply of hardwood pellets, then a series of fans (much like as in a convection oven) let you manage temperature very precisely using either onboard electronic controls or a connected app. pellet grills can\u2019t get as hot as charcoal or gas grills, but they can maintain stable low temperatures (under 225 degrees fahrenheit) for barbecuing or to double as smokers, and can also sear quite nicely at their limit of around 500 degrees fahrenheit. burgers, chicken thighs and sausages pleased the crowd we fed using the traeger 885 we tested, and there was not a single complaint about anything being over- or underdone. we cooked many items on the pellet grill, including pork shoulders, chicken thighs, moinkballs (bacon-wrapped meatballs), shrimp, stuffed jalape\u00f1o poppers, pastrami-wrapped hot dogs and all kinds of vegetables. everything came out perfectly cooked and juicy, but we were particularly impressed with the shrimp \u2014 a protein that is easy to overcook. we were able to do this because the traeger, like many pellet grills, features computer control over temperature, letting us cook the shrimp at a stable 225 degrees fahrenheit. it\u2019s a perfect setup for cooking tasks that require low temperatures and long cook times. while pellet grills give you some of the flavor of charcoal grilling, they can\u2019t hit the same high temperatures, so while you get the woody, smoky flavor, you won\u2019t get that quick sear and distinctive grilled taste. while pellet grills do burn wood fuel, they are fundamentally electric appliances. and though you\u2019ll get the precision control they are noted for, there can also be some discrepancies in performance. during the times we ran it at maximum temperature with steaks and burgers, the traeger 885 gave us more of a perfectly even convection oven-cooked effect rather than the kind of direct heat sear you would find with a charcoal or gas grill, with a hint of smoked fruitwood flavor rather than a charbroiled flavor. and though we didn\u2019t see the \u201ccrust\u201d on meats that you would see with a charcoal or gas grill, the computer temperature control ensured that we never overcooked anything. if you\u2019re a purist, however, this may not satisfy you in the same way. since pellet grills are electric, you\u2019ll need a weatherproof electrical outlet wherever you want to grill (or you\u2019ll need a generator or power station with an inverter to supply power). pellet grills are also much more mechanically complicated than either a charcoal grill or a gas grill because of the feed motor for the hopper/auger, heating element, electronic thermostats, fans, and computer control system. pellet grills do require periodic cleaning to prevent malfunction, which requires replacing the grease trap, emptying out the pellet hopper and removing residual sawdust, removing and cleaning grill grates, removing and cleaning the drip tray, removing and cleaning the heat deflector and cleaning out the entire interior of the grill, including all of the ash accumulation below the firepot. we cannot stress enough that because this is an electrical appliance, you want to have a weatherproof cover on the grill when it\u2019s not in use. ideally, it should also be kept in a shed, covered patio or balcony to keep it away from the elements. additionally, pellets should not be stored in a hopper for longer than a week because if they absorb too much moisture, they begin to crumble and become soft, which causes issues with temperature consistency and can cause clogs in the auger or firebox. to assess the relative strengths and weaknesses of each cooking method, over eight weeks, we dedicated the entire patio of our home to testing six grills \u2014 a weber kettle-style charcoal grill, a big green egg kamado grill, a nuke delta argentinian grill, a yak hibachi/shichirin grill, a weber genesis gas grill and a traeger ironwood 885 pellet grill. multiple flavors of traeger-brand pellets were used as fuel for the ironwood 885. propane was purchased for use with the weber genesis. for the weber kettle, we used kingsford original briquettes as fuel. for the other charcoal grills, we used brazilian eucalyptus blend and argentine quebracho lump charcoal purchased from local supermarkets in south florida. various proteins were cooked on each grill, including hand-formed burgers (typically 80% lean ground beef), new york strip steaks, brazilian tri-tip, filet mignon, chicken thighs, pork sausages, hot dogs, bacon and shrimp. various types of vegetables were also cooked, including onions, peppers, eggplants, tomatoes and corn. proteins were seasoned with a variety of rubs from different manufacturers, including traeger and weber. bbq sauces from these companies were used as glazes during the final minutes of cooking at high heat. each grill was fired using manufacturer instructions, and cooking was done after the recommended preheating period. charcoal lighting on the kettle was done using kingsford and weber chimney starters with crumpled newspaper as kindling, and the looft lighter classic was used for the lump charcoal grills. for instant temperature readings on grill heat, we used an infrared thermometer, and we used a thermapen mk4 for determining meat doneness. note: the prices above reflect the retailers' listed price at the time of publication. receive product recommendations, reviews & deals several times a week. by signing up, you agree to our privacy policy. \u00a9 2023 cable news network. a warner bros. discovery company. all rights reserved.  cnn sans \u2122 & \u00a9 2016 cable news network. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. the best grills, from charcoal to gas to pellet models for your backyard bbq. if you enjoy hosting summer barbecues with family and friends, you'll need one of the best grills to cook up a storm. but with so many different types of best grills on the market, it can often be tricky to know which one will suit your outdoor feasts.\u00a0first of all, do you want a gas, electric or pellet grill? also, what convenient features do you need? nowadays, you can find grills that come with an induction cooktop, storage, color touch-screen display, or even wi-fi connectivity. finally, what's your budget? depending on your needs, the best grills can cost from as little as $100 to over $1,000. so it's important to know what features you need, ease of use, and of course, whether you have the space to accommodate it. in the meantime, we've selected some of the best grills to suit every backyard, lifestyle and budget right now. and be sure to check out our top grilling tips so you can grill like a pro. why you can trust tom's guide? \n\n\nour writers and editors spend hours analyzing and reviewing products, services, and apps to help find what's best for you. find out more about how we test, analyze, and rate. for a thick juicy pork chop with criss-cross grill marks, you can\u2019t beat the weber genesis epx-335 smart gas grill. want to smoke a turkey? turn the heat down and you\u2019ll get a moist flavorful bird with a burnished skin. this grill evenly cooks with minimal flare ups, whether you cook on high or low. it also has a sear burner for branding on those grill marks, and the grates can cook 25 hamburgers at once. while the genesis won\u2019t flip your burgers for you, it does connect to an app via wi-fi so you can get a beep on your phone when they\u2019re fully cooked to a safe temp. the weber also includes a full array of convenient features, including a cabinet where you can stash things like mitts and paper towels, tool hooks, two side tables (one of which has a burner for saut\u00e9ing onions or warming barbecue sauce), a thermometer on the front, and a gauge to show you how much gas is left in the tank. and if you ever feel the need to grill outside in the dark, lighted knobs and an led in the handle that illuminates the grates, make it easier than ever. the grease pan offers easy access from the front as well, for a pain-free clean up. the only negative? this grill needs a bit of time to preheat before you start cooking. if you want a large cooking area but don\u2019t have big bucks to shell out, the char-broil performance series silver 5-burner could be the ticket. with 480 square inches of space and five burners \u2014 not counting the side burner \u2014 you've got plenty of room to pack on the patties. you won\u2019t find a lot of fancy features here, but it does have side tables, a warming rack, and works with char-broil's accessories (sold separately) which bolt onto the grill. we do wish the propane tank were a little bit easier to reach \u2014 it's worth upgrading to the model that has interior storage \u2014 but you get a lot of cooking power for less than $400. the weber original kettle premium charcoal grill has a grate that\u2019s big enough for a whole mess of hamburger patties. however, because it\u2019s easy to adjust the heat by opening and closing the vents in the bottom and in the lid, this grill is remarkably versatile and can definitely go beyond burgers and brats. it can turn out a perfectly seared medium-rare porterhouse or thoroughly-cooked chicken with a crispy golden-brown skin. the grate is hinged on both sides so it\u2019s easy to add more briquets if you\u2019re having a party and turning out hot dogs throughout the evening. extras include a thermometer in the lid and hooks for hanging up your tools. a heat shield underneath the lid handle makes it easy to lift without singeing your hand, and the lid rests on the side of the grill while you flip the steaks or baste the ribs. underneath the kettle, there\u2019s a big bucket called an ash catcher; you use a lever to sweep the ashes into it and then it\u2019s easy to remove and empty without leaving a trail of ashes along the way. this grill is available in three sizes: 18, 22, and 26 inches, so you can choose one that best suited to cooking food for just you and a few people, or a whole family. the only thing missing are side tables. cooks who love to try new things, and want to expand their repertoire beyond the basics, will love a kamado grill. the best of the bunch is the kamado joe classic 18-inch kj23rhc. this ceramic baby is heavy and will set you back a big chunk of change, but it will reward you with unparalleled control over the heat. that way you can cook an artisanal pizza in mere minutes, smoke a pork butt for hours, as well as grill everything in between. what you don\u2019t get is a lot of room to load on the burgers \u2013 so you should expect to cook about 8 to 10 at once. while you can use briquettes, you\u2019ll get the best results if you use lump hardwood charcoal. this kamado comes with a wheeled stand and has side tables for resting your basting sauce and a cold one. when it\u2019s time to clean up, all you have to do is slide out the ash drawer and dispose of the ashes. safely of course. if you want to do more than sling hot dogs and burgers on your charcoal grill, the royal gourmet is ideal. it has a crank that lets you raise and lower the charcoal pan to help control the heat. when you want to quickly grill brats, move the coals right below them. to slowly smoke a side of salmon without flare-ups, lower them. there\u2019s even a door underneath the grates that makes it easy to keep adding charcoal as the hungry crowd thickens. plus you\u2019ll find you need a lot of charcoal to keep the royal gourmet burning, so make sure you stock up before the party starts. this model has side tables to hold your tongs and trays and platters. you\u2019ll also find a thermometer in the lid to give you a rough idea as to how hot it is under the grill, a warming rack that\u2019s helpful for heating buns, and an easy to remove ash tray. below the grill there\u2019s a bottom shelf to keep extra charcoal or a roll of paper towels. if you enjoy outdoor cooking on a regular basis, the traegar timberland xl is what you need. the traeger timberline xl is the latest version of the company\u2019s flagship line of grills, and is the state of the grilling art at its most advanced. \u00a0in addition, it allows you to cook a wide range of delicious foods at once, on its three grates (two of which are adjustable), providing a total of 1,320 square inches of cooking surface. it's loaded with impressive features such as an updated, full-color touch display, four buttons for accessing various features, dial for adjusting the temperature and navigating menus and wi-fi connectivity. the induction cooking feature is ideal for sauteed vegetables, caramelized onions, and charred corn. performance-wise, it grilled meats to perfection, ranging from juicy burgers, roast chicken, fall-apart-tender ribs and succulent smoked salmon. it even did well in searing romaine lettuce and toasting croutons if you fancied grilled caesar salad. plus, it has a handy storage space underneath to store all your accessories and grilling essentials. bear in mind, it is twice as expensive than its predecessor. however, the timberline is a great way to grill, making it a worthwhile investment. read our full review for the traeger timberline xl grill. traeger pro 575 pellet grill makes the process of smoking pretty much stress free. you add hardwood pellets to a hopper, set a target temperature, and the grill does the rest. it has an electronically-controlled thermostat that works like the one in your indoor oven. the only caveat is that if the temp you want is super-hot to get a steak browned and crusty on the outside and rosy on the inside, you won\u2019t be getting it from this grill which tops out at 500\u00b0f. if you want to go about your yard work, or even just loll in a hammock while your ribs are smoking, you can connect the traeger to an app which will let you know when it\u2019s time to baste, raise the temp to finish them off, or alert you that they\u2019re ready to serve. instead of grates, the blackstone 36\" griddle cooking station has the kind of large flat cooking surface you see in diners. that gives you room for 28 burgers at once, and means your hot dogs and shrimp won\u2019t fall through the slats. underneath are four burners that you can set to different temperatures, so you can keep garlic bread warm on low while simultaneously searing some steaks. just keep in mind that you won\u2019t get grill marks, and won\u2019t be able to smoke ribs or brisket. on one of the side tables, there\u2019s a built-in cutting board that can be removed for cleaning. there\u2019s also a place to hang a roll of paper towels and hooks to hang a trash bag. on the bottom, there\u2019s even a shelf to give you some storage space. the blackstone is easy to assemble, but remember that you will have to clean the griddle top and season it before you fire it up for the first time. if you want to grill away from home, the weber q 1200 gas grill is the best portable grill. you can depend on it for the same great cooking results you get from all weber grills. rather than a big tank of lp gas, it uses 14- or 16-ounce propane cylinders, which last about a couple of hours. most likely you\u2019ll be taking it to a park or beach, and using it for quick-cooking items like steaks or chicken breasts (or a couple of lobsters you pick up at the shore) but not for smoking a turkey or a shoulder of pork, so a single cylinder should do per outing. it has side tables that are just as handy on the road as when you\u2019re grilling in the backyard, but they fold up for travel so the grill is easy to transport. other conveniences include a lid thermometer and an easy to remove and clean drip pan. if you live in a community where gas and charcoal grills aren\u2019t \u00a0allowed but have access to an outdoor electrical socket, the char-broil bistro tru-infrared electric grill is your best bet for results that come close to those from a charcoal or gas grill. the bistro is small enough to easily fit on a terrace or patio but has a grate that\u2019s big enough to hold about a dozen burgers. it has a rack to keep food warm or heat the buns. on the bottom there\u2019s a shelf to hold supplies and in the lid, a thermometer. two wheels make it easy to roll the char-broil inside or into the garage if you don\u2019t want it to \u201clive\u201d on your limited outdoor area. the bistro will produce minimal smoke to annoy the neighbors and has a grease pan that slides out to be easily cleaned in the kitchen. before you decide which grill is right for you, there are several factors you need to consider. first, you need to decide which fuel-type is best for you. you should also think about which style of grill you want. once you've made up your mind, you can narrow down your options based on the best features and overall design. here are some guidelines to help get you started. propane gas: a popular option because it's easy to light, quick to heat and simple to clean. whether you're cooking on a high temperature or need a slow burner, propane gas will produce good results. if we're being picky, some say it doesn't produce as much of a barbequed flavor as charcoal grills, but it's the best for convenience. generally, it's good to use for grilling all year around. most gas grills will be hooked up to a tank of liquid propane gas. if you already use a tank to fuel your kitchen range, then that can also be connected to your grill, meaning you would never run out of gas! some models can also be connected to the natural gas line in your home. don\u2019t be wowed by btus. while they tell you how much gas the grill uses, and in theory should tell you how powerful it is, more btus doesn\u2019t necessarily mean higher heat or better cooking. charcoal: these grills require effort to light, control, and clean up. but hands down, \u00a0they give the smokiest flavor. charcoal grills may use standard briquettes or the more expensive hardwood lump charcoal, but both types have their advantages. charcoal grilling is also more time consuming than using gas, since charcoal requires 15 to 20 minutes of burning time before reaching cooking temperatures, and has more involved cleanup when you're done. pellet: using hardwood pellets, this type of grill produces distinctive deep smoky flavor. you fill the hopper with pellets and the grill\u2019s electronics do the rest, maintaining a very even temperature. they\u2019re particularly good for slow cooking foods like a pork roast, brisket, or side of salmon. \u00a0however, pellet grills don\u2019t sear as well as other types of grills so if your idea of a great meal is a crusty steak, this isn\u2019t the type for you. there are also several styles of grill, which vary based on fuel type and design. kettle grills take up the least space and lets you build a deep bed of briquets to hold in heat. that makes it good for longer cooking items like chicken or ribs as well as for searing steaks and burgers. barrel grills are, you guessed it, like a barrel lying on its side. they use a large quantity of briquets and can cook a lot of food at once; but they tend to burn out sooner so they\u2019re better for hamburgers, hot dogs, and steaks than brisket or turkey breast. kamado grills look a bit like traditional kettle models, but are made of heavy ceramic instead of lightweight sheet metal. the kamado design was popularized by the big green egg brand, but similar ceramic designs are now offered by several companies. while they\u2019re not cheap, they hold in heat and give you lots of control for cooking all kinds of food, making them very popular with serious cooks who like to grill. the ceramic construction retains heat well, making them well suited to non-traditional grilling for dishes like pizza and deserts, but they\u2019re heavy, use a lot of briquets, and don\u2019t have a very big cooking surface. you may also want to check out how to clean a grill or how to sharpen a knife when carving your delicious grilled meats. do you like pizza? check out our ooni fyra 12 review, as well as our breville pizzaiolo review. regardless of what type of fuel you use or style of grill you prefer, there are other things to look for in any grill you might consider buying, from the overall quality of construction to convenience features that make grilling safer and cleaning up easier. construction: a grill that\u2019s built of thick metal or stainless won\u2019t rust. a thicker material will also hold in heat better. it should sit firmly on the ground so it can\u2019t be easily knocked over or even blown over. look for stainless steel or bronze burners which are durable and won\u2019t rust. wheels or casters: at least two wheels on a grill make it easy to move it from place to place. lid: a tight fitting lid holds heat in. most brands will offer two kinds of warranty: one will cover labor, which typically lasts for up to two years, and a secondary warranty for parts, which will usually last much longer. this coverage can last for the lifetime of the grill, and will cover all of the essential parts, such as the burner, cooking grids and the housing. your grill\u2019s lifespan will also depend on how well you take care of it. first of all, you should keep it clean, which means covering it when it\u2019s not in use and sheltering it from the elements. if you opt for a grill which is made of durable materials, such as cast iron or stainless steel, these can last for as long as 20 years. we don\u2019t recommend buying an extended warranty because these tend to cost more than any potential repairs during the grill\u2019s lifetime. if any repair costs are half the value of a new grill, we suggest buying a replacement. similarly, if you notice any rust or cracks in the firebox, you\u2019re better off investing in a new grill. if cracks appear in the gas hose and regulator, then you\u2019ve got a potential gas leak on your hands, so you should at least replace those parts before using your grill again. if you haven\u2019t looked for a new grill in some time, you might be surprised at how attractive the entry-level models can be. many of these are now available in stainless steel, which gives your backyard a more modern appeal. if you buy one of the latest models, you can also benefit from some of the new features on offer. some grills come with built-in containers to hold your wood chips and on occasion, a smoke chamber. you might also come across sear stations, rotisseries, side burners and built-in thermometers, all of which have their uses. like many other appliances, grills are getting smarter too with some offering wi-fi or bluetooth connectivity. with this, you can get notified when it\u2019s time to flip the burgers, baste your dish or serve up. it can even let you know when it\u2019s running low on gas. be on the lookout for hooks on which to hold your tools as well \u2014 it\u2019s a simple, but useful addition which you can find regardless of the price. side tables are convenient as well for placing dishes. removable ash catchers and drip pans are also good to have as they help with cleaning up. if you prefer to cook indoors, here are 7 things i learned from using my george foreman grill. check out more of our appliance coverage:. best refrigerators | best gas ranges | best electric ranges | best dishwashers | best washing machines | best clothes dryers| best vacuum cleaners | best microwaves | best bread machines | best blenders | best stand mixers | best coffee makers | best espresso machines | best food processors | best juicers | best air fryers | best cuisinart coffee makers | best patio heaters | best solar lights | best coolers | best inflatable hot tubs. get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips. katie looks after everything homes-related, from kitchen appliances to gardening tools. she also covers smart home products too, so is the best point of contact for any household advice!\u00a0she has tested and reviewed appliances for over 6 years, so she knows what to look for when finding the best. her favorite thing to test has to be air purifiers, as the information provided and the difference between performances is extensive. induction vs. electric cooktop: which type is better for you? 60 android apps with 100 million installs actually contain malware \u2014 delete them right now. by andy sansommarch 03, 2023. by scott kramermarch 02, 2023. by kelly woofebruary 23, 2023. by philip michaelsfebruary 20, 2023. by andy sansomfebruary 19, 2023. by henry t. caseyfebruary 17, 2023. by andy sansomfebruary 15, 2023. by sanjana prakashfebruary 14, 2023. by anthony spadaforafebruary 05, 2023. by nick pinofebruary 03, 2023. by mo harber-lamondfebruary 03, 2023. tom's guide is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). \u00a9\nfuture us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,\nnew york,\nny 10036. your guide to a better future. our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. if you buy through our links, we may get a commission. reviews ethics statement  | how we test grills. looking to take your steak to the next level? here are the best gas, charcoal and kamado-style grills on the market so you can upgrade your grilling game. now that spring has sprung, grilling is back on the table. everywhere in the us, people are dusting off their old grills and finding them too old for the new season. it's time to look for the hottest new grilling gadget on the market. to help you find the grill that works best for you and your budget, we've rounded up some of the best models available right now. if you're wondering what kind of grill to get, you can check out our guide to\u00a0pellet, charcoal and gas grill variants. after all, there are tons of different grill types to compare and consider, including gas grills, traditional\u00a0charcoal grills, heat-loving\u00a0kamado grills, infrared grills,\u00a0portable grills\u00a0and more. while \"the perfect grill\" may not exist for everyone, there are a lot of grills that tick a lot of boxes. it will depend on what type of food you want to grill, so bear that in mind. here are some ideas of the types of grills you might use. no matter what type of outdoor grill you choose, you should absolutely brush up on\u00a0how to clean it\u00a0(keeping that grilling surface clean with a grill brush and grill cleaner is essential in outdoor cooking) and get the\u00a0best accessories for grilling. having the right techniques and tools of the trade will complement your perfect grill, turn you into a grill master extraordinaire and make your cookouts a breeze. weber's $139 original kettle grill continues to stand the test of time as the best grill for cooking with charcoal. in our high-heat searing tests, weber delivered the best balance of seared exterior and medium rare interior steak. the weber gave us great, crispy grilled chicken skin and flavorful ribs, too. simple construction means there aren't too many parts to assemble or too many features to handle while outdoor cooking. a vent on the lid controls air flow and a well-designed ash tray beneath the grill facilitates easy cleanup. we tested the 22-inch model in black, but weber also offers an 18-inch version of its original kettle design. there are certainly fancier and more expensive grills, but for a balance of affordability and quality, you can't go wrong if you start cooking with this classic charcoal grill. when i first moved out to the high desert in california, i knew i wanted a grill that could handle enough food for a party. i also knew that moving is expensive, so it had to be affordable. i picked this heavy-duty grill up at walmart and was instantly impressed with how well it was constructed. after putting it all together it had heft to all the materials that made me think it would stand the test of time, and it did.the easily removable ashtray made keeping the grill clean a breeze, and the thermometer on the top is very helpful for smoking meats, especially if you don't want to keep lifting the lid and losing the smoke! little touches like the bottle opener and the hooks under the shelf made it even more helpful, and i used this grill for nearly 6 years before i moved again. even when i left, the new owners took it to use with their families.i have used a lot of really expensive grills, but this budget-friendly, sturdy workhorse is still one of my favorites. while the flatrock is pricey for a flat-top griddle, its quality and usefulness can't be overstated. some foods just can't be cooked on a standard grill -- like tacos and smash burgers, and a flat-top griddle makes those foods a breeze. by the way, if you've never had a smash burger, you need one in your life. they're amazing. the flatrock uses traeger's pop and lock system for accessories, so if you already have one of its grills, you can mix and match what you need. you will need to cure the flatrock's surface, but i found it an enjoyable experience to create just the right surface for my needs. i use the flatrock more than any other grill right now, and it is my go-to for burgers and tacos. when space is limited, finding the right grill to give you the taste you want can be hard. this gas grill from monument is compact on the outside but surprisingly large on the inside. it's big enough to cook a spatchcocked turkey or several large steaks and, because it's a gas grill, it's ready as soon as you want to use it.\u00a0if you only have a small outdoor space or a little balcony in your condo, this would be a great addition to make your grilling dreams come true. kamado grilling cookers, egg-shaped, ceramic, wood-burning grills that you may have seen or at least heard of, impart a delicious smoky flavor to everything they cook, and this is the best grill in the bunch. they can run low and slow for hours at smoker temperatures\u00a0and\u00a0sear at high heat levels that go well beyond the capabilities of gas grills. that's hot enough to create true steakhouse steaks and real wood-fired pizza like a pro griller. with a list price of $1,999 (if you can find it in stock), the kamado joe classic iii may have a steep luxury grill price tag, but this high end grill delivers plenty of cooking power for the money. that means lots of grilling accessories that don't come standard with other grills, including the big green egg. this kamado performs well, too. on our slow and low bbq grill test, we adjust grills to 225 degrees f (107 c) and let go of the controls to see what happens. in this trial, the joe demonstrated excellent temperature stability. this weber grill is pricey. there's no denying that. however, if you're serious about grilling and ready to invest in your outdoor kitchen, this liquid propane gas grill is absolutely a top choice for outdoor grilling. with 513 square inches of primary cooking grate space powered by 39,000 btus, plus a fold-down warming rack and a 12,000 btu side burner, you'll never want for cooking space. two cabinet doors hide a two-shelf storage area below the grill for utensils and supplies. and a fuel gauge lets you know how much fuel is left in your propane tank. the cast-iron grates retain even heat while cooking and are easy to clean. the free standing genesis ii e-335 propane grill is also one of weber's\u00a0igrill 3\u00a0compatible models, along with other genesis ii models and the spirit ii line. this $121 accessory plugs into the front of the grill and houses up to four bluetooth temperature probes. you can monitor what's happening on this gas grill via the companion app for ios and android. and right now it's included for free with the purchase of this grill. in our testing, the genesis ii e-335 turned out seared burgers with a slightly pink center, crispy chicken skin with juicy meat and fall-off-the-bone ribs. combine that great performance with weber's 10-year warranty on all grill parts, and your investment on this propane gas grill will have you set for years to come, even with heavy use. we test different types of grills differently, but for most, we include a high heat test like searing steak or grilling burgers, a medium indirect heat test like grilling a whole chicken for more than an hour and a low and slow test with racks of ribs. to determine what should be regarded as the best outdoor barbecue grill, we collect data like total cooking time, temperatures inside the grill and temperature inside separate pieces of meat. all that information helps us spot where grills might have hot spots or thermometer inconsistencies. there's also a fair amount of (read: so much) blind taste testing, lively debate and voting among our editors and families, in addition to the data we gather about grilling temperatures and cooking times. you might think it would be more fun than work to eat delicious food while discussing the merits of a grill, and you'd be right. if you're interested in any particular method of testing, we've got that, plus our full list of recommendations for cooking with\u00a0kamado grills, portable grills\u00a0and charcoal grills ready for your perusal. happy grilling! when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. find the the best grill with our expert tests of gas, charcoal, ans smoker grills. no summer gathering is complete without a good grill sizzling away in the background. but while they're a summer essential, it can be hard to find the best grills. there's lot of unhelpful marketing jargon, so if you don't know your smokers from your side burners it's easy to get lost. grills can cost a lot, too, so if you aren't sure what you're looking for it can be daunting to take the plunge. that's why we've tried and tested the best grills on the market. after tracking down the top grills from market leaders like weber, traeger, and kamado joe, we spent days ranking the very best. our expert consumer journalists - with backgrounds covering interiors, gardens, and kitchen appliances - weighed in to find the very best. we've covered charcoal grills for that unmistakable smoky flavour, smokers for succulent slow-cooked joints of meat, and gas grills for speed and ease of use. the best grills will let you cook almost anything, look great in your garden, and be simple to operate. they should also be affordable, easy to store and quick to assemble. our favorite, and the best example of all of these qualities, is the weber spirit ii e-310 (opens in new tab).we assessed all of this and more in our examination of the best grills on the market, so that you can get to grilling. you can trust homes & gardens. \n\n\n our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing the latest products, helping you choose the best for you. find out more about how we test. why you should buy it\nthis is the best grill on the market. why we love it\nthis grill is everything you need for a family barbecue. it has a large cooking area, is easy to set up and use, and most importantly, it produced the tastiest food on test. it does all this and more at a very reasonable price. what i love most about this grill is that it it's unfussy and straightforward. where lots of grills are marketed to 'pit bosses' and need hours of training to make the a simple meal, the spirit ii is fast and simple. it has handy side tables with hooks for your utensils, and a responsive thermometer. it's easy to move around your backyard thanks to big, sturdy wheels. you hardly need to think while you're cooking on this grill. ignite it and you'll have burgers and sausages ready to go in minutes. it's as simple as that. these burgers were delicious - the whole team agreed that they were the best on test. they were perfectly seared and picked up a delicious char, but were still juicy on the inside. it was a similar story when we grilled vegetables. we also made an unbelievable spatchcock chicken. smothered in barbecue sauce, this chicken had delicious crispy skin with succulent, juicy flesh grilled to perfection. it was easily the best chicken we made in the latest round of testing. what's more, the cooking area is huge for a relatively compact grill. if you're smart about it, you could turn out dozens of burgers without much effort. good to know\nthe side rack for holding propane is quite small, so if you're cooking off a 30 or 40lb tank it might be hard to hide. the grills are also quite wide - we found that thin slices of vegetables like zucchini easily slip through the gaps. we also felt that the plastic knobs feel a little cheap, but these are minor quibbles rather than serious problems. why you should buy it\na professional grill loaded with bonus features. why we love it\nif you're looking to step up your grilling game, weber's genesis ii e-335 is a good place to start. it won't be for everyone, but it's a mighty grill that's up to just about any task you could throw its way.\u00a0this high-tech grill can be paired with your smartphone for remote monitoring. we were able to pair the probe with our smartphone, and set it to monitor for a specific type of meat and preference in cooking. this means incredibly performance when cooking backyard staples like burgers or chicken. we also used it with the side burner on this grill, making a delicious steak. that's because the smart tech in the grill \u00a0us when the meat was at the perfect temperature for juicy, medium-rare steak, taking away all the guesswork. good to know\nat nearly 190lbs, there is no denying that this is a hefty grill. if you've got a small garden it could dominate your space., assembly took a while too, but once we had everything set up and ready to go, it was more than worth the trouble it took to assemble.\u00a0 you can monitor the grill from your phone but you cannot change the temperature or control it, so keep this in mind when slow cooking your meat.\u00a0while we love all the functionality, bear in mind that this grill is $1000 more expensive than our #1 pick. why you should buy it\na portable grill that's as good as a full-sized smoker. why we love it\nyou might be surprised to see a portable grill so far up the list, but the ninja woodfire passed our tests with flying colors. this portable electric grill has seven different functions, offering grilling, roasting, smoking, frying, baking, dehydrating, and broiling.\u00a0while it can't match the cooking area of a full-sized smoker, this grill is perfect for small families and camping trips, offering fast, simple, and delicious smoked foods. the standout feature, however is the smoker. the woodfire uses a box of wood pellets to infuse your dishes with delicious, smoky flavour. while the flavor's not the same as the smokers on bigger grills, it's still as good. our tester alex used it to make an incredible smoked pork tenderloin in just 45 minutes, and a neighbour she shared it with though it was the best tenderloin they'd ever had. good to know\nit offers incredibly quick cooking. alex had a joint of salmon ready in only 7 minutes, and if anything, it was almost too quick. the handy smart display will tell you when it's time to flip your food, but we recommend keeping an eye on it anyway, as this grill is so efficient that it will cook faster than the given recipe times. alex's full ninja woodfire outdoor grill review has all the detail. why you should buy it\nthe best grill for big gatherings. why we love it\nthis is really straightforward: the weber genesis spx-435 smart gas grill is huge. we found that it has nearly a thousand square inches of grilling area, not including the side burner. if you've got a big, hungry family, this will cater for everyone. it's more than double the size of some of the other grills on test. it fits forty burgers. that's enough to feed an entire football team, let alone a family. that's before you get into the extras. we're big fans of the sear station, which is designed to leave those classic charred lines in your steaks and burgers for maximum flavor by creating an intense heat zone. there's also a side burner that can be used to prep side dishes or cook off smaller items that can't go on the main grill. there's also a foldable warming rack that can be used to heat up burger buns or keep hot dogs warm when they're done cooking, which will allow you to prep your meals at different timings, but with the same serving time. all of this can be monitored by an app. good to know\nunlike the weber smokefire below, you can't adjust the temperature of this grill via an app. you'll need to run it off an outlet, and it's the most expensive grill on test. why we love it\na wood pellet grill with unbelievable capacity. why you should buy it\ntraeger revolutionized the grilling game when they introduced the world to wood pellet grills over 30 years ago. rather than the searing heat of charcoal or gas grills, pellet grills cook at a much cooler 450\u00b0f. this imbues your food with a fantastic smoky flavor, and the ironwood 650 takes this to extremes, with a super smoke mode that ensures your food is cooked 100% hardwood smoke. we found that this grill has a jaw-dropping capacity. its 650 square inch volume means you can fit eight whole chickens, six pork butts, or five rib racks at a time.\u00a0that's more than enough to feed even the biggest families. the technological features of this traeger ironwood 650 are also truly impressive. for instance, once you've set the temperature, the grill maintains that temperature for you, saving you all the hassle. it's also outfitted with wifi and a built-in meat probe, so you can monitor the internal temperature of the food and the grill all on your phone. good to know\nthe smart tech in this grill means that you have to have electric power as you use it. that could be an inconvenience if you don't have an outlet in your yard. the huge capacity is great, but it means it'll take up a lot of space in your yard. why you should buy it\na smart smoker that's great for slow-cooked meat. why we love it\nanother pellet grill, our tests found that weber smokefire epx6 stealth edition grill is an excellent smoker that excels with large cuts of meat. the smart dial can be turned from 200-600\u00b0f degrees, allowing you to cook at high heat but also smoke and roast at lower temperatures. it will also keep itself running for hours with little-to-no maintenance, and you can control it remotely using the weber connect app, which also allows you to check the probe and adjust the temperature for easy pre-heating.\u00a0 unlike the traeger ironwood above, you can adjust the temperature in the app. under the hood, you'll find enough space to cook quantities of food for a large family. our expert tester millie fender used it to make a succulent shawarma shoulder of lamb and barbecue ribs, as well as 8 steaks and chicken kebabs. good to know\njust like the traeger above, it needs to be connected to electricity to work, so ensure to place it somewhere with easy access.\u00a0you're also at the mercy of the software - millie's grill shut itself down for a software update in the middle of grilling when she had some guests due to arrive any minute. admittedly, this was just after the launch of the grill, so there were some bugs to work out, but it demonstrates a wider weakness of wifi-enabled grills. it also has a smaller capacity than the traeger ironwood, with 432 square inches to the traeger's 650. why you should buy it\nthe best charcoal grill you can buy. why we love it\nkamado grills are high-end charcoal barbecues with ceramic plates. these heat-efficient plates makes them versatile, handling simple grilling, roasting, smoking, and slow cooking all in one grill. the joe ii is incredibly capacious. we tested it on a single chicken but you could easily grill two at once. it's great for catering to big family parties. the ceramic plates make it incredibly efficient, reaching a blistering 750\u00b0f, so it's a good choice for quick cooking too. while we love a good gas grill, there's something about the smoky flavor of cooking on charcoal that gas simply cannot recreate. the burgers we made on this outperformed all of their gas competitors. we also loved the design of the joe ii. it will look incredible in almost any garden, a large, modern appliance with a eye on tradition. the bright but sophisticated glazed red shell makes it a great focus point for a social area or kitchen garden. we also love the small touches that elevate it from a basic kettle or drum grill, such as the soft-open on the lid. good to know\nthis grill is a great choice for dedicated grilling enthusiasts, but that means it takes a lot of getting used to. because it's so efficient, it's easy to overcook your food. we're also concerned about the heat at the base of this grill. it's low-slung so it's not the safest grill if you've got small kids or pets around. it's also very pricey for a charcoal grill. why you should buy it\nthe best looking grill you can buy. why we love it\neven our favorite grills are pretty ugly. if you're proud of your garden, it can be heart-breaking to have perfected your patio only to ruin the design with an ugly metal grill that looks completely out of place. not so with the everdure force. this beautiful grill looks at home in any backyard, and every detail on this grill feels high-quality. even the control knobs are sleek, polished chrome, and the bright, modern lid comes in several striking colors. we might be appliance nerds who get a little overexcited at new products, but there were gasps when we had this bright orange grill fully assembled. after a couple of days of looking at the same boring gray and black grills, this was a breath of fresh air. that said, it's not just a pretty face. co-signed by celebrity chef heston blumenthal, the everdure performed well in our cooking tests, making excellent burgers and a good whole chicken. the clever diagonal patterns on this grill mean that it's hard to drop food between the gaps, which is a great feature. good to know\ncleaning this grill is a little frustrating. because the body is so shallow, any grease that drips from meat dishes doesn't run down to the grease tray, instead sitting under the grill. that makes for a surprisingly gross clean-up compared to other grills on test. it's also pretty basic, lacking a warming rack or a side burner. why you should buy it\na good choice for grilling on the go. why we love it\nif you want to grill in the great outdoors, weber's q3200 is a safe bet. it can convert\u00a0from the stand on its base to a table-top or portable grill, so it's great for communal cooking on a garden table or for grilling out in the wild (allowing for local fire safety warnings). it delivered solid results on our taste tests, cooking good vegetables and burgers, and did a surprisingly good job with a whole chicken despite the smaller grill size. that's because you can control the interior and exterior burners independently. this makes easy to create direct and indirect heat, which can be tricky on a gas grill, and impressive for a grill of this size and price point. speaking of which, this is also one of the cheaper grills we've tested, a full $1500 cheaper than some of the other grills on test. good to know\nwe think this grill is a smart choice, but it's simply not as good as other grills we've tested. while it's relatively cheap, it's only about $100 cheaper than our #1 pick. why you should buy it\nthis grill is packed with accessory features that elevate it from a simple gas grill. why we love it\nthe phantom rogue is a great choice for cooking an entire meal in one go. you can grill burgers, chicken, and sausages on the grill, cook corn on the cob on the warming rack \u2014 which has its own dedicated burner, a unique feature in this guide \u2014 as well as a side burner for searing steaks. that's great functionality, as it means the cook isn't missing out on the party. you can prep the whole meal at once and get it to the table in one go. this infrared side burner is exceptional, reaching blistering temperatures that are great for searing. you'll have to watch it, as you could very quickly overcook your food, but it's just right for flash cooking vegetables. on lower temperatures, it's handy for sides like caramelised onions, which is perfect for hot dogs. this grill performed well on test, making good burgers and a good whole chicken. \n\ngood to know\nthis grill is terrible to assemble. it took me three hours, as there's lots of steps, poor instructions, and fiddly wiring. for most people it'll be three boring hours that you'll quickly forget about once you're up and running. if you have mobility issues like arthritis, however, it will be a significant challenge. we also aren't convinced by the aesthetics. one of my colleagues remarked that it looks like a sports car. if that's the look you're after, then perfect; if not, the hype-masculine all-matte black looks like someone parked a convertible in the middle of the garden. we also found that the light-up control knobs are a gimmick that don't offer much illumination. why you should buy it\ncharcoal grilling without the fuss. a stylish, modern design that fuses together the timeless qualities of cooking on a charcoal fire with innovative, modern technology and the speed of gas, the everdure fusion grill by heston blumenthal embodies a truly versatile design. it cooks on charcoal, but a powerful electric fan feeds oxygen to the flames, meaning that this grill reaches temperature in mere minutes, instead of the half-an-hour of a usual charcoal grill. the grill's fast flame ignition means that the fusion can be set-up and ready for cooking in less than ten minutes. featuring a grill-plate as well as a rotisserie function, the design allows for you to cook all manner of meals. relatively simple and easy to use, the grill has a detachable pedestal and can be adapted into a handy portable design, ideal for use away from home. good to know\nthis grill has a small grilling area, so it might not work for big families. the rotisserie function is a great addition, but it feels flimsy. our top pick of the best grills is the weber genesis ii e-335 (opens in new tab). it has everything we love from weber, including a smart sear station to ensure your steaks and burgers get those classic char-marks. we think the three burners are a good size for most families and would serve well at small-to-medium-sized gatherings. if you want to step away from gas cooking, the traeger grills ironwood 650 (opens in new tab) is also a top pick. it runs on wood pellets and has an in-built meat probe to make cooking easier. my test of the napoleon phantom rogue. we get hands-on experience with the products featured in our guides and grills are no exception. it's our mission to test as many of these grills in our backyards as possible. our expert panel combines close-and-personal experience with customer reviews to get the lowdown on these grills' strengths and weaknesses. we've cooked dozens of meals on these grills, and every step of the process we assess factors such as the ease of set-up and use, cleaning, maintenance and storage and ultimately, how well each grill cooks. not every grill we test makes the cut. for further information about how we conduct our reviews and for our product-testing process explained, explore how we test on homes & gardens. millie fender is head of reviews at homes & gardens. formerly our head of all things cooking, she has tested pizza ovens, grills, and even fire pits.\u00a0\n\nmillie recently finished her weber smokefire epx6 wood fired pellet grill stealth edition review, which almost converted her away from the ease of gas grilling. alex temblador is a award-winning author and freelance writer based in dallas, texas. with an expansive outdoor space for thorough testing, she has tested everything from hot tubs to grills for homes & gardens and our sister brand, gardeningetc.\u00a0\n\nalex tested the weber genesis spx-435 smart gas grill, assembling it with the help of her cousin for three hours straight. once assembled, she was wowed by the quality cooking she was able to achieve with this large and impressive gas grill. the most conventional type of grill is a charcoal grill, which will slow-cook all manner of dishes for smoked meat or chargrilled vegetables. gas grills are loved for their convenience. they are easy to ignite and you can work the burners independently, whether that is at different temperatures or for smaller servings without wasting gas. more popular in recent years is the smoker grill. powered by pellets, they often feature intelligent temperature probes and auto-dosing burners to keep your grill cooking for hours on end, even when unattended. charcoal grills\npros: charcoal grills provide a phenomenal smoky flavor to food, which is especially tasty in meats. cons: they take longer to heat up and the temperature can be somewhat harder to control. even grills that have charcoal boxes that keep the ash contained require some time toward cleaning. gas grills or liquid propane grills\npros: gas grills are quick to heat, easy to adjust the temperature, and don\u2019t require a lot of prep or clean-up time. gas grills are best for those who are new to grilling. cons: they may offer great sear and grill lines and have the capabilities to keep your meats juicy and tender, but unless the grill is outfitted with a built-in or separate wood box, you can\u2019t achieve the same delicious smoky flavor that's provided with charcoal or wood pellet grills. electric grills\npros: some electric grills can be used indoors and others must be used outdoors. they heat quickly and don't require a lot of post-grilling maintenance. cons: indoor electric grills are small. if you have an outdoor grill that needs electricity, like a wood pellet grill, you\u2019ll need an outdoor outlet, which may not be placed in the most ideal (or safe) grilling location. wood pellet grills\npros: meats come out juicy, tender, smoky, and fully-flavored with a wood pellet grill. once you set the temperature on a wood pellet grill, the grill maintains that temperature for you, so your attention can be elsewhere.\u00a0if you like cooking with wood, you'll love the best pizza ovens. cons: these types of grills require electricity to function, so you\u2019ll need a good outlet in a safe location outdoors. all grills need regular care and maintenance in order for them to be working at their best, so learning how to clean a grill \u00a0and how to clean grill grates is essential. when it comes to looking at which type of grill is easiest to clean, stainless steel and gas grills often come out on top. charcoal grills can get dirty very quickly, and require you to remove and dispose of the old ashes \u2013 always wait until they are completely cool. the best tools to use when cleaning a grill include: a wire brush with tough stainless steel bristles for the grills grates, a sponge or cloth for the other grill areas \u2013 and some have even learnt how to use an onion to clean a grill. for optimal food safety, centers for disease control and prevention\u00a0(cdc) recommends that you \u2018wash work surfaces, utensils, and the grill before and after cooking.\u2019. they're better for ease of use, worse for flavor. gas grills are incredibly simple and safe to use. once you're hooked up to your propane, it's as easy as cooking on a gas range. however, that means there's little difference in flavor between a gas grill and a gas range. when you compare gas grills to charcoal grills, they're missing out on that classic smoky flavor. however, charcoal grills are much trickier to use. you need to learn the difference between direct and indirect heat and work out the precise window when the grill is at temperature for your ingredients. that can turn grilling from a tasty treat on a lazy afternoon into a tedious chore. if you aren't a hobbyist, i'd opt for gas. it's faster, simpler, and while it doesn't taste quite as good, the difference isn't big enough to bother with charcoal. for the average user, yes. for gourmands, absolutely not. gas grills are smaller, simpler, and cheaper than pellet grills. there's nothing new to learn or extra equipment to buy. most of us need a grill for a few burgers in the sun a couple of weekends a year. gas grills do the job without breaking the bank. however, if cooking is your hobby, it's well worth considering a pellet grill. unlike gas grills, pellet grills make it easy to smoke meat, and their capacity is much bigger than the average gas grill. for example, i made grilled vegetables, burgers, sausages, and chicken to test gas grills. to really put a smoker through its paces, our head of reviews and exceptionally good cook (trust me, i know first-hand) millie fender made a shoulder of lamb, ribs, steaks, chicken kebabs and flatbreads, all smoked, and some at the same time. however, there's a bit of a learning curve, and you need an outdoor outlet. if that doesn't sound like fun then a gas grill is the way to go. you can make pretty much anything on a grill. you're only limited by your skill and imagination. using only examples of what we've assessed in our tests, you can make burgers, sausages, grilled chicken, ribs, salmon, steak, vegetable skewers, whole shoulders of lamb, shawarma meat, and in one incredibly inventive move in our ninja woodfire grill review (opens in new tab), cinnamon rolls. if you cook it with heat, you can cook it on a grill. side burners are an extra gas burner that's great for cooking with a skillet. i've found that they're especially great for steak, and are just the thing for caramelising onions for burgers and hot dogs. warming racks - unsurprisingly - keep your food warm. they sit high above the grill, so they keep food warm rather than cook it. if you're cooking for a big gathering, you can keep the first round of burgers or sausages ready while you make the next. in my experience, they're the perfect place for heating up sides like through corn on the cob. most grills on the market are made abroad. if this is important to you, watch out for 'made in the usa' claims, as these may be shorthand for 'made in the usa with globally sourced parts', which is not wholly american made. weber, for instance, assembles a lot of its grills in the states but the parts are manufactured in china. american made grills (opens in new tab) is your best bet. as head of ecommerce, alex makes sure our readers find the right information to help them make the best purchase. after graduating from cambridge university, alex got his start in reviewing at the iconic good housekeeping institute, testing a wide range of household products and appliances. he then moved to bbc gardeners\u2019 world magazine, assessing gardening tools, machinery, and wildlife products. helping people find true quality and genuine value is a real passion. avoid unwarranted purchases with these expert tips, and keep your home clutter-free. by millie hurst\n\u2022\n\npublished 17 april 23. from michigan to new york city, let us introduce you to some of our favorite american interior design stars. by zara stacey\n\u2022\n\npublished 17 april 23. homes & gardens is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher.  visit our corporate site.\n\u00a9\nfuture publishing limited quay house, the ambury,\nbath\nba1 1ua. all rights reserved. england and wales company registration number 2008885. we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. why trust us? gas, charcoal and pellet grills at every price point. we updated this article in march 2023 to make sure all of our picks were up to date and in stock. we also added more information to each description based on extensive testing done by the good housekeeping institute. we added a pick for the best small grill and updated our best portable grill and our best pellet grill. grilling outside is one of our favorite ways to cook and it's great whether you're a beginner or a pro. we love how quickly recipes cook over an open flame, how low-fuss they are to prepare (and clean up!) and how they explode with flavor, especially when you use a good grill. the definition of a good grill varies depending on the type of grill you choose but, after testing more than 80 grills in the good housekeeping institute since 2011, we've learned that all good grills have a few things in common: they're easy to use, can achieve a good sear and maintain temperature well. to come up with our list of best grills, we referenced our archives and conducted tests on more than 45 new grills over the past three years. we've tested an assortment of full-sized gas grills, charcoal grills, pellet grills, kamado-style grills and almost 20 portable versions. each was scored on how evenly it heated, how well it seared, how quickly it cooked a variety of foods and more. we also took note of smoking and flare-ups and assessed multiple ease-of-use features like tool holders, storage space and more. here are the best grills you can buy in 2023, according to our testing. each grill in this roundup was tested in our lab and continues to be used by consumers so we can continue to report back on the grill's longevity and long-term user experience. after our picks, read on to learn more about how we tested outdoor grills and what to look for when shopping. you can also learn about our favorite grill accessories like top grill baskets and best-tested grill brushes. weber grills consistently rise to the top in our outdoor grill tests. they have solid builds with porcelain-enameled cast iron grates that heat evenly and create nice grill marks. this genesis ex-335 smart grill toasted bread the most evenly in our gas grill test and made a delicious steak with beautiful grill marks, a juicy pink center and no flare-ups. it has top-of-the-line features, including two temperature probes so you can monitor the internal temperature of food directly on the control panel or via the weber connect app. in addition to being a smart gas grill, it's loaded with other standout details like a flashlight that attaches to the lid handle; knobs that illuminate when they're in use; large, sturdy side shelves and plenty of storage space. it has three burners, a searing section and a side burner. if you can do without the smart features and are looking to spend a bit less, consider the weber genesis e-335 which also performed well in our tests. it can be tough to find a great quality grill for under $500, but the nexgrill 4-burner propane gas grill is an a+ choice for the price tag. in our tests, it showed an impressively even heating pattern and was excellent at searing steak. it delivered perfect grill marks with no noticeable smoking or flare-ups. it earned top scores for ease of use with its two side shelves, hidden storage space and convenient access to both the propane tank and grease drainage system. it includes a side burner as well and has a gleaming stainless steel exterior. this weber kettle is iconic in the industry and well-loved by consumers, so it's not surprisingly a best-seller (and its slightly less expensive version, which has an exposed ashtray, has more than 1,400 five-star reviews on amazon). it's powered by charcoal and features an enclosed ash collector below the grill that makes cleanup easy; just use the lever to swipe the ash into the metal bin. the structure is sturdy but still lightweight, with solid accessories and a removable lid that can be rested on the side of the grill, and it can be rolled around easily for storage. in our tests, the handles stayed cool during cooking and it was easy to load and maintain the charcoal during the cooking process. when it comes to cooking, this three-burner stainless steel grill is just about perfect. in our test, it turned out steaks with gorgeous grill marks that were beautifully rare and juicy. chicken came off the grates golden brown, moist and tender \u2014 and all this with barely any flare-ups. after using it for more than two years, it still heats quickly and evenly and has stood up to the new york city elements. we appreciate the many features that make it pleasant to use like sturdy side shelves, tool holders and a shelf to stash extra items. we also appreciate the propane tank holder that lets you know how much gas is left in the tank (a feature on many weber grills). it comes with porcelain-enameled cast-iron grates. this char-broil grill heated quickly and evenly in our tests and didn't flare up once, which makes it great for beginners. it turned on with no effort at all and got hot enough to sear steak and chicken without burning them. this model features char-broil's tru-infrared technology, which is basically a large metal plate that sits below the cooking grates and traps the food's juices as it cooks. once the juices hit the plate, they steam and infuse the food with more flavor. this design also helps prevent flare-ups since the burners themselves are shielded. results were juicy and not dry, though some testers missed the charring from the direct flame. in addition to the char-broil's cooking performance, we liked the simple, two-knob design that quickly responded to adjustments. when you're done cooking, the entire grill is easy to move and store away. for locations that may not allow a traditional outdoor grill, this weber electric grill is the next best thing. simply plug it in and turn it to the desired temperature using the digital precision temperature control. it works with the weber connect app to remotely monitor the grill and food temperatures. it also has dual cooking zones to simultaneously grill two different foods at different temperatures. take note that you\u2019ll need to wait for it to preheat, but thanks to the digital thermometer, you\u2019ll know exactly when it reaches the right temperature. it can be used as a tabletop grill or with a grill cart (sold separately), and the control panel comes off so it can be stored in a case indoors while the rest of the grill can remain outside. in our tests, we found the grill to be easy to use, and it cooked a strip steak with beautiful sear marks to 145\u00baf in about 8 minutes. chicken thighs came out juicy and golden, too, in under 30 minutes. not only is this grill cute and compact, but it performed great in our tests. it heated bread evenly with only a few light spots on the very edge of the grill. plus, it seared a juicy steak and made tasty chicken with limited flare-ups. while it didn't get as hot or heat as quickly as other grills we tested, we appreciated that we didn't have to worry about burning during cooking or too much smoking. the folding side shelves offered ample space to store trays, and the gas tank and grease tray were easy to access. the small footprint and lightweight construction of the grill made it easy to roll away for storage. it's the perfect grill for small spaces or someone on a budget who doesn't want to sacrifice quality. it comes in two other colors (black and a camel-colored brown.). this portable grill is good enough to stand in as your full-time grill. it has a solid and sturdy build that can stay put year-round, but it's still easy enough to fold up and light enough to roll around. we love that it has a latch that locks the lid in place when it's in the folded position for easier movement. it has a porcelain-enameled cast iron grate that can fit up to 15 burgers and reaches full heat in less than 10 minutes. in our tests, steak and chicken got beautiful sear marks, and we didn't experience any flare-ups. it lights with the press of an igniter button and uses a one-pound propane tank (or you can purchase an adaptor hose that allows it to be used with a full-size propane tank). it uses a disposable drip tray, which isn't common among the portable grills we tested and makes cleanup easy. for a portable grill without wheels, consider the weber travel q, which scored high marks in our portable grill test. this grill from kamado joe is our pick for the best overall kamado grill. it has thick ceramic walls that retain heat well and can withstand temps up to 750\u00baf. it's loaded with accessories like a built-in thermometer, side shelves, an ash removal tool, a pull-out ashtray and more. it also comes with a two-tier grilling grate so you can better control your grilling experience. kamado grills use charcoal to heat and can be used to smoke at low temperatures or grill at moderate to high temperatures. you can also make pizza at high temperatures \u2014 one of our favorite uses. the wheeled stand is helpful for moving it around, as it's very heavy. little details that set it apart from its competitors include a seal around the lid to allow for a soft close and markings on the vent to better control the temp and smoke levels. pellet grills are excellent for slow-cooking meats, fish and veggies at low temperatures using smoke. this one from traeger is one of the brand's most popular models. it's made from heavy-duty stainless steel and feels as sturdy as it looks. it has a temperature range from 165\u00baf to 500\u00baf, and you can program it right from the control panel or from the connected app that monitors the entire cooking process. in our tests, it made some of the best brisket we've ever tasted; it cooked overnight and turned out juicy with a good bend that didn't fall apart (the sign of a good brisket that's tender but not overcooked). it also made fall-off-the-bone ribs and tender chicken. compared to other pellet grills we tested, it seemed to cook gently and consistently. none of the foods we cooked ended up too soft or dry. in the good housekeeping institute, we've tested more than 80 grills since 2011, including gas grills, charcoal grills, kamado grills, pellet grills, electric grills and portable grills. (and that number doesn't even include indoor grills!) to determine which new grills to test, we first scour the internet and popular retailers for newcomers, keep our eyes peeled at industry trade shows like ces and the builder's show and communicate with brands to learn about their latest models and innovations. from there, we request samples to test and either put them together ourselves or hire an outside company to help. when we assemble the grills ourselves, we take notes on how easy or hard it is and record how long it takes, but we don't score the process since it's easy enough to buy grills pre-assembled (which we recommend!) and everyone's skill level (and patience level) is different. when we test grills, we assess performance and ease of use. for gas grills, we cover the surface with sliced white bread to determine how evenly the grill distributes heat. we cook steak and chicken to evaluate how quickly they cook with the least amount of flare-ups. we cook steak and chicken on charcoal grills as well, but we weigh ease of use more heavily since it's harder to control charcoal as a variable. when we test pellet grills, we cook steak, chicken and ribs. in terms of ease of use, we value clear instructions, labeled parts and simple assembly. we also consider helpful accessories like shelves, side tables, tool holders, built-in thermometers, wheels, types of igniters and more. after we complete our testing, we compare all of our notes to determine which performed the best. \u2714\ufe0f fuel type: the first thing to consider is what type of grill you'd like. the two main types are gas and charcoal. gas is easy to use while charcoal is trickier to master but delivers a smokier taste. there are also kamado grills that use charcoal and pellet grills that use wood pellets. (more on the pros and cons of each below.). \u2714\ufe0f size: once you narrow down the type of grill you'd like to buy, think of how much room you have to use and store it, as well as how many people you're cooking for at a time. three-burner gas grills are ideal for families of four or fewer but can still handle the occasional party. a 22-inch diameter is common for charcoal grills. if you don't have a lot of room, consider a portable grill that's typically much smaller but does the trick in terms of turning out a delicious meal. \u2714\ufe0f accessories: while side shelves and tool holders may not seem important, they make the overall grilling experience smoother. we also like shelves underneath the grill for storage, a quality set of wheels, tank holders for gas grills and more. when buying a new outdoor grill, the two biggest players are gas and charcoal, but electric, kamado and pellet grills are also fair game. when selecting what type of grill to buy, consider how often you'll be grilling, the amount of space you have for storage, what flavors you prefer and the amount of time and attention you'll want to spend cooking. here are the basics on each:. \u2714\ufe0f gas grills are popular for good reason. they offer excellent temperature control, plus they ignite with the push of a button, heat up quickly and are easy to clean. it's the go-to option for no-fuss grillers who plan to barbecue frequently. just keep in mind that you'll need fuel from a propane tank or natural gas line on your property. \u2714\ufe0f charcoal grills use briquettes or lump charcoal as fuel. charcoal is more hands-on and takes time to heat up and cool down, but it imparts a better, smokier flavor than gas because it often gets hotter. it's best for grilling purists. \u2714\ufe0f kamado grills use charcoal to heat but are often made of ceramic and have thicker walls than classic charcoal grills. they can reach very hot temperatures, like a pizza oven, and they retain heat well for low-and-slow smokes. \u2714\ufe0f electric grills plug in and can't be beat for ease of use or convenience \u2014 especially grills that can be used indoors. just don't expect steaks or burgers cooked on an electric grill to taste like the ones from a real bbq. \u2714\ufe0f pellet grills are a growing category. they use electricity and hardwood pellets made out of wood scraps to heat. pellets provide a delicious, authentic hardwood flavor to food but can be costly. nicole papantoniou is the director of the good housekeeping institute kitchen appliance and culinary innovation lab, where she oversees all kitchen appliance content and testing. this is her fourth season testing grills for good housekeeping, and she has had her hands on 40 grills and counting. she's a trained cook, recipe developer and grilling aficionado. nicole (she/her) is the director of the good housekeeping institute's kitchen appliances and innovation lab, where she has overseen content and testing related to kitchen and cooking appliances, tools and gear since 2019. she\u2019s an experienced product tester and recipe creator, trained in classic culinary arts and culinary nutrition. she has worked in test kitchens for small kitchen appliance brands and national magazines, including family circle and ladies\u2019 home journal. 8 best outdoor home projectors you can buy. 10 best pressure washers of 2023, expert-tested. 7 best solar generators of 2023, tested by experts. 10 best outdoor rugs 2023. 20 best pool lounge chairs of 2023. 10 best swing sets of 2023. 25 pergola ideas to transform your backyard. the outdoor speakers our tech experts swear by. 7 best outdoor heaters of 2023. 8 best lawn mowers in 2023. 6 best snow blowers of 2023. 9 best outdoor christmas lights. a part of hearst digital media. good housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. at this time of year, most of us are longing for those summer days when we can be outside with our loved ones enjoying a cookout and some delicious grilled food. but, if it\u2019s time to spruce up your outdoor space, you will likely want to start by knowing more about the best gas grills. after all, those burgers, wings, and dogs aren\u2019t going to cook themselves next summer. speaking of delicious grilled food, a recent study finds that americans everywhere love grilling, despite the temperature outside. a recent survey conducted by onepoll on behalf of kansas city steak company asked 2,000 americans about their grilling habits and discovered some interesting trends. the survey found that 39% of respondents report grilling in a rainstorm while 56% say they enjoy grilling year-round, regardless of the weather. moreover, nearly 63% say that grilling is a healthy hobby of theirs. you might also be surprised to learn that the same study found that americans\u2019 grilled food preferences have shifted to chicken over burgers. 56% of respondents say they look forward to grilling chicken while 51% say they\u2019ve experimented with grilling fruits and vegetables such as watermelon, corn, and pineapple on the grill. but, grilled foods aren\u2019t the only therapeutic part of summer. according to a survey of 2,000 americans conducted by onepoll on behalf of broil king, 60% of respondents feel that grilling is an activity that defines summer. likewise, 42% of respondents claim to have had \u201clife-changing\u201d conversations with friends and family while gathering around their grill. if all this doesn\u2019t make the case for upgrading your outdoor space, patio, or deck to include a grill, then perhaps nothing will. but, enough of the surveys and studies, you came here looking for the best gas grills and that\u2019s exactly what we\u2019re bringing you. study finds did the research, consulting 10 \u2018expert\u2019 websites to find the best gas grills available on the market today. of course, we invite you to give us your own recommendations for your favorite gas grills in the comments section below! the top spot on the list of expert recommendations for the best gas grills undoubtedly goes to the weber genesis ii e-335. this baby is a gem of a gas grill as it sat in the top spot across nearly every expert list we consulted. these gas grills are designed to cook your outdoor foods to perfection, but perhaps the best part is they\u2019re built to last. \u201cit\u2019s the top gas grill for serious foodies and offers total control over three burners. and, it\u2019s definitely built to last,\u201d writes gardeningetc. three burners are nice and all, but the appeal of this gas grill is in the technology that weber delivers. \u201cwe enjoyed using the weber connect smart grilling app for notifications about when our food would be ready. this made it a lot easier to deliver that perfectly medium-rare steak,\u201d adds gardeningetc. although this isn\u2019t the cheapest option you\u2019ll find for a gas grill, this is a top choice for updating your outdoor space. \u201cthis weber grill is pricey. there\u2019s no denying that. however, if you\u2019re serious about grilling and ready to invest in your outdoor kitchen, this liquid propane gas grill is absolutely a top choice for outdoor grilling,\u201d explains cnet. one of the neatest features of this grill has nothing to do with smart technology. instead, weber focused on designing the perfect grill racks for generating the best flavor. \u201cthe weber genesis ii e-335 really impressed me with its flavorizer bars, which are angled stainless steel. they leave delicious sear lines on steak and eggplant with perfectly grilled results,\u201d writes homes and gardens. the next spot on the list of best gas grills goes to the char-broil gas2coal hybrid grill. with the char-broil gas2coal hybrid grill, you can switch seamlessly between gas and coal for your fuel source \u2013 extremely rare in the grilling world. \u201cthe char-broil gas2coal hybrid grill offers the best of both worlds. you can cook on one, two, or all three burners, or use them to ignite coal to achieve a smoky flavor without the typical fuss of getting the grill going. as a hybrid grill, this versatile choice will be popular with just about any user,\u201d writes homes and gardens. one of the turnoffs for most people when it comes to cooking with coal is the messy cleanup, but it looks like char-broil thought of that, too. \u201cit\u2019s also easy to clean, and simple to switch between gas and coal plus it features a warming rack for when your timing is a bit off. not only is it great for cooking for a crowd, but it even has an in-built bottle opener to make for fewer trips to the kitchen,\u201d explains gardeningetc. the versatility of this unit has put the gas2coal grill near the top of many expert lists for the best gas grills. \u201cyou can use this grill to cook just about anything from halloumi to steak, burgers, and even scallops. it also has a side burner which is perfect for, you guessed it: your side dishes. assembly took a while but it\u2019s sturdy, reliable, and easy to use,\u201d writes gardeningetc. \u201cit\u2019s also compatible with a huge range of charbroil gear trax accessories, letting you fully customise your grill with stuff like a magnetic toolbar, container bucket, or bottle holder,\u201d adds t3. the next spot on the list of best gas grills as recommended by the experts goes to the napoleon prestige pro 500 propane gas grill. perhaps best known for fireplaces, napoleon is also a premium brand in the home heating and cooling and outdoor gas grill industries. the napoleon prestige pro 500 is nothing short of extraordinary. \u201cnapoleon describes the prestige pro 500 as a \u2018work of functional art\u2019 and it\u2019s hard to disagree. this professional-style grill has a huge 900-square-inch cooking surface with infrared zone burners that produce 80,000 btus. propane or natural gas makes its way through thousands of small holes in the ceramic plates of the burners producing temperatures that reach 1800 degrees fahrenheit in 30 seconds,\u201d raves homes and gardens. this grill comes in two models, one for propane and one for natural gas. according to forbes, you can\u2019t really go wrong with either, but the natural gas model is great for anyone with that option. \u201cfor the record, you can buy this configured for a liquid propane hookup, but when you go with hard-lined natural gas, you never have to worry about your fuel source again,\u201d writes forbes. and if you\u2019re looking for a permanent fixture for your outdoor kitchen, this grill is probably the choice. \u201cit\u2019s an expensive option and one that will require meticulous maintenance, but we think the napoleon prestige pro 500 [rsib] is the top choice for those who want to invest in the ultimate gas grill that will be used year after year,\u201d adds gardeningetc. yes, weber made another appearance across most of the expert lists we looked at for best gas grills and this time it\u2019s for the weber spirit series. the weber spirit ii e-310 along with other models across the weber spirit line of gas grills are some of the highest-quality grills you can consider for your outdoor space. \u201cthe weber spirit gas grill has premium-feel knobs and a stainless steel lid. its porcelain-enameled cast iron grates are also durable and easy to clean,\u201d writes this old house. cast iron is a great choice for cooking surfaces, especially grill grates. this weber gas grill offers more beyond durability, though. \u201cdual side tables and a half dozen tool hooks help keep you organized as you cook, while the easy push-button ignition system makes turning it on a cinch. and it\u2019s backed up by a 10-year warranty on all parts,\u201d adds forbes. although the warranty is one of the best aspects of choosing a weber product, the spirit gas grills are ideal for hosting get-togethers in the summer. \u201cthis spirit gives you the quality and performance that weber is known for at a more moderate price. while it\u2019s smaller than the genesis, there\u2019s still room on the porcelain enamel cast iron grates for twenty burgers, more than enough for a family get together,\u201d explains food network. last up on the list of the best gas grills is the cuisinart 3-in-1 stainless 5 burner grill. this grill simply appeared on too many expert lists to deny that it\u2019s one of the top options out there, and it\u2019s affordable, too. \u201cwith the cuisinart you can expand your outdoor cooking options. it comes with a cast iron griddle for frying eggs, bacon, or melted cheese sandwiches or making your famous smashed burgers. it also comes in handy for saut\u00e9ing small items like veggies or shrimp that tend to fall through the grates,\u201d writes food network. cooking eggs, bacon, and sandwiches on the grill? yes, you can cook most all of your meals on this diverse outdoor gas grill. \u201cit\u2019s called 3-in-1 because it\u2019s a gas grill that comes with a smoke tube and a cast iron griddle. when grilling, the heat profile of 3-in-1 is remarkably even and has an impressively high temperature range,\u201d explains serious eats. and this grill comes with plenty of bells and whistles. \u201con both sides of the grill, you\u2019ll find side tables to rest your tools and in one there\u2019s a burner for keeping a glaze or basting sauce warm. other extras include a thermometer in the hood and a warming rack for heating,\u201d adds food network. note: this article was not paid for nor sponsored. studyfinds is not connected to nor partnered with any of the brands mentioned and receives no compensation for its recommendations. view matthew's article archive. the fact that the napoleon is not #1, and that charbroil is even on the list to begin with (nevermind that it\u2019s ranked higher) makes this ranking a joke. charbroil are about the lowest quality you can buy, and weber isn\u2019t much better these days. their quality has also dropped drastically in recent years. if you\u2019re in the market for a grill, i suggest you research them individually. take this article with a grain of salt. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. best fantasy books of all-time: top 5 novels most recommended by reviewersa robot snake could help nasa scientists make contact with alien lifebest pillows: top 5 cozy brands most recommended by expertsbest frozen pizzas: top 5 freezer slices most recommended by experts. use promo code sfship for free shipping. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. gardeningetc reviews the best grills from weber, char-broil, traeger and big green egg. no yard is complete without the best grill. whether it's a gas, charcoal or pellet model, a grill will see you through the summer months with endless family cookouts and garden parties. choosing the best grill will require a bit of research, but we've done the hard work for you and tested top choices from weber, char-broil, big green egg and more. while testing, we took into consideration how easy these grills were to assemble, the convenience of the cleaning process, and the additional features on offer. some grills come with smartphone controls that allow you to monitor the temperature of your food or remotely, and other pellet grills come with self-feeding hoppers that keep fuel levels at the perfect point for your desired heat level. most importantly, we made sure these grills did a brilliant job of cooking everything from sausages to steaks. there are a few signs of a great grill all of which we tested for in our grill reviews. one is the consistency of the heating elements, which make sure that your food is evenly cooked through without any toughness. many opt for charcoal grills to make sure their food comes out smokey and packed with barbecue flavor, but an increasing amount of the best gas grills come with cast-iron grates to allow it to season over time, delivering max flavor for your flame-grilled chicken or veggies. why you can trust gardeningetc \n\n\nour expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. find out more about how we test. if you like smart tech then you're going to love cooking on this smart grill. once you've built the weber genesis ii ex-335 gbs (it takes a bit of time), you'll be able to monitor everything from your phone, so you can simply let the gas grill do all the hard work while you relax in the backyard. \u00a0it's this built-in smart technology that gives this grill its premium price. there's no denying that this grill is big in stature so if you want to store it inside during the colder months then you'll need a large space in your shed or garage.\u00a0the side tables don't drop down flat either, so you can't even reduce the width of the bbq to help with storage. it would be worth investing in a suitable cover if you want or need to keep it outside. it's advised in the manual that the grill will need a thorough deep clean at least twice a year, but if you use it fairly regularly then you should aim to do this quarterly. the instructions are pretty comprehensive and this took us around 45 minutes to do when reviewing it. if you have preconceived notions about charcoal grills \u2013 throw them out. the large big green egg, as featured in our best kamado grill (opens in new tab) guide, surpasses everything you think you know about charcoal grilling and is a great one to introduce you to this grilling style. this kamado-style grill and smoker is designed with an interior ceramic material that allows for temperatures of up to 750 degrees and versatile cooking experiences, including baking, roasting, grilling, or smoking. many people dislike charcoal grills because the lighting process can seem complicated, but that\u2019s not the case with this egg. just fill up the large big green egg with lump charcoal (never use briquets or lighter fluid), open the chimney and bottom draft door, and then light a fire starter. it takes 15 minutes to heat to about 400 degrees. manage the temperature by opening and closing the chimney and watch the temperature move up and down on the built-in gauge. you can cook quite a bit on the large big green egg, from steaks to ribs, vegetables, soups, and chili. smoking meats, like fall-of-the-bone ribs, brisket, or salmon, is easily done with this grill. bake desserts, bread, or even a pizza (especially with the added purchase of a conveggtor, a ceramic barrier that allows for indirect cooking). the only drawback is that the price for the large big green egg doesn\u2019t include a cart to hold the grill, which is necessary if you don\u2019t have an outdoor kitchen which you want to integrate the grill into. this compact and affordable grill from char-griller comes highly rated by our reviewer alex. she enjoyed using this gas grill in her yard, for cooking everything from veggies to fish and meat, all at the same time. it's very easy to use thanks to its smart capabilities, which means that you can cook alfresco minus the stress of timings, and without the need to constantly check on your barbecue. it has a generous cooking area considering its compact size, and it even has a warming rack. a very simple to use grill, it has porcelain-coated steel and cast-iron cooking grates though you'll need to season them ahead of use. what we love about this grill is that you can set the desired temperature and it will alert you once it's ready for your food. it also has a built-in meat probe and a fan, plus a removable warming rack. it's great for cooking for large parties. it offers plenty of onboard storage thanks to two side shelves and a couple of hooks for your tools. plus, it has a shelf underneath the actual grill for holding drinks, etc... whilst cooking, we noticed that this grill did burn through charcoal quite fast. when it comes to cleaning and maintenance, ash removal is simple. you can roll it back into your garage afterward or buy a cover and leave it out. can't decide whether to cook on gas, or cook on coal? the char-broil gas2coal can do both. this is something which our reviewer loved about it; it was so convenient to be able to cook with gas, and tasty after throwing on some authentic smokey charcoal.\u00a0the cooking results were preferred when cooking with charcoal, but the gas burners were so easy to ignite and made for a quick bbq with painless clean-up.\u00a0it really is the best of both worlds. assembly, however, did take a while but it was totally worth it. and another thing to note is that the side burner grate is positioned high above the burner itself, which means it's vulnerable to gusts of wind and also takes a while to heat a saucepan or frying pan. this is easy enough to just put down the cover of this burner and use it as a resting place, though. cleaning and maintaining the gas2coal is relatively easy and is something which should be done after every use. it's a little messier to clean after using the coal owing to having to dispose of the ashes, but this is something which is to be expected when cooking with this fuel type. if you are searching for a portable grill to take on vacations, or on a camping trip, then this one from weber is brilliant. in fact, we tested it on a city terrace that's compact in size, and it fared very well. it offers everything a normal-size charcoal can, without a huge amount of floor space required to do so. it's the best bet for anyone short on space with a tiny budget and a small family to feed. plus, it's totally faff-free with no extra features such as a side burner or wi-fi connectivity. equipped with a lid, you can use this grill to cook anything from a dozen burgers to kebabs, sausages, and even large joints of meat and veggies, too. just bear in mind it doesn't have a built-in temperature dial. the size of its cooking space is impressive considering its footprint, though you might need to batch cook on it if you are cooking for a large group. you can also use it to indirectly cook your food and you could create a keep warm area on your grill. this all-in-one unit is easy to store and even easier to cart around. its legs are foldable and help keep the grill secure when not in use. it's super easy to clean due to its compact size and you can put its grates in a dishwasher for ease. this grill also comes in a gas version for those who are interested in a portable grill but want the ease of gas cooking. we were blown away in testing by how powerful the traeger pro 575 pellet grill is when it comes to smoking, grilling, and cooking.\u00a0it's definitely one for serious cooks, or for anyone who likes to impress their guests. cook fish, meat, and veggies with this pellet grill. it's got a drum-shaped body that can fit larger cuts of meat, too.\u00a0it's an ideal buy for anyone with plenty of patio space, and a love for outdoor cooking. a wi-fi-operated smoker grill? you heard us right. you can receive alerts when your food reaches the ideal temperature, and monitor your grill from the traeger app even when you're indoors. simply fill the hopper with pellets, plug it in, switch it on at the back, select the temperature you want it to reach, press the ignite button and you\u2019re sorted.\u00a0it automatically adds more pellets when required, and if you're cooking a joint of meat it makes sense to use the meat probe. this connects to your phone so that you can check cooking progress as you rustle up a side salad or clean the house before guests arrive. considering its size, it's also quite simple to clean after use, too. the smart design is what caught our eye with the weber traveler. it has a generous cooking area but folds down to a pull-along for easy transportation. we rated it 4.5-stars out of 5, mostly because of how easy it is to use, clean and cart around. it's app-connected, too, and it offers a handy prep surface. it's the ultimate portable gas grill for large families that might want to avoid a charcoal option. if you're often staycationing, then this is the buy for you. beyond the sturdy wheels and grippy handle, this grill is useful for more than just traveling. because it folds flat we could imagine it propped against the wall of our garage when not in use.\u00a0it's also got smaller, disposable gas canisters that won't take up much space, either.\u00a0whilst handy for being on the go, this is something to consider if you're trying to be eco-conscious. design aside, we were wowed by the cooking space that weber has been able to pack into the traveler. it cooked up corn and an enormous tomahawk steak with plenty of space to spare. we think it could cook for four to six people, easy. the newest weber grill to join the genesis family, the spx-435 is brilliant for any budding chefs, or for anyone who takes cooking on their grill seriously. this smart grill offers everything you need to cook a wow-worthy feast outdoors, to impress your neighbors and your dinner guests. moreover, its features make it easy to use whether you are cooking for 4 or 24 people. it offers almost 1,000 square inches of cooking space in total, plus it has a side burner. the weber genesis spx-435 is capable of cooking anything. this even includes your thanksgiving turkey, plus extras. even better? you can use it after dark thanks to its built-in lighting, plus it has plenty of space to keep any food warm to help balance timings. it features heaps of storage including two side tables (one of which is a secret burner) for extra prep space. it also has a storage locker underneath. it has a thermometer probe to ensure your meat and fish are properly cooked to perfection, this probe is smart and will notify your phone once your food is ready. just bear in mind that this grill can't keep itself at a set temperature without your help. when it comes to storage, you'll need to ensure you have somewhere spacious for this grill to live in the wetter months. a large grill like this does require some time spent on maintenance. the grill grates need to be brushed before each use and you'll need to check for grease and discard any that might be lurking in the grill's tray. the latest grill from world-renowned chef heston blumenthal, the everdure furnace is the ultimate gas grill for anyone with a keen eye for cooking, and for those who would rather spend money on something that's created with style in mind. this do-it-all model can have your food cooked fast, whilst looking lovely in your yard and impressing your guests in more ways than one. while testing, we found that it's great for amateurs and chefs alike, and we loved that it has three burners that you can individually control. it's a prime example of both function and form. ready to cook within five minutes, you can use this gas grill to cook pretty much anything you desire. with a built-in temperature gauge, it's easy to use even when you're cooking for a large group of people. it's plenty sizeable for tackling a party, in fact, it can cook up to 28 burgers at one time, and it has heaps of space so that you can separate your burgers from your wings and your veggies. unfortunately, it doesn't have a keep warm space although you could use one of the burners on the lowest temperature for this. design-wise, it comes in a range of colors and offers storage space underneath for holding everything from your buns to your ketchup. and in terms of build, it's definitely made to survive years of use, though it's too nice to leave outside for the elements to damage. it's on wheels for easy moving. we also tested the everdure force 2 (opens in new tab) which is a very similar barbecue but with two burners instead of three. we rated this 4 stars out of 5 also. if you have a smaller budget, a smaller family, and a smaller yard, then go for the force 2 instead of the furnace. at just 14.5\" in diameter, this tabletop grill is the best buy for anyone with a smaller yard, terrace, or balcony to work with. it's a great option if you're on a smaller budget, too. not to mention that it cooks burgers exceptionally well, plus you can fit more than you would think on its cooking space. we tested this grill over a number of uses and have decided it's best for anyone who needs something compact that won't take up any floor space in their yard. compact and lightweight at just 7.7lbs, this grill stands on three legs and it comes with a lid so that you can evenly cook your food every time. this lid will give your food a desirable yet subtle smoky taste, and with enough cooking space for 6+ burgers or three steaks, you could also use this grill to cook a small chicken with ease. we even used it to cook an entire tomahawk steak. just bear in mind that since it's fuelled with charcoal it doesn't have temperature control. the lid also can sit on a stand to shield wind away whilst your grill is lighting, or whilst it's lit. due to its nature, you can take this grill with you to the beach, for a picnic, or even on vacation. its lid handle even tucks under the main handle, though we noticed when testing that this isn't the most secure if you are worried about ash or charcoal spillage. it's available in six fancy color options and it can easily fit under your arm for carrying, or inside a cabinet for storing, and you can leave it outside if need be. when it comes to cleaning, just give the cooking grates a rinse in your sink and wipe down the interior. it's pretty simple to keep clean. fully assembled weber genesis ii ex-335 gbs smart bbq in review. our tips for finding the grill? make sure you're buying from a brand you can trust - that's why our grill reviews can be a useful place to check before you make that all-important purchase. we always put the grills through their paces in our reviews, cooking a wide range of different food on them to see how well they fare. and we don't just use them once either. our reviews can be months in the making as we aim to use them as many times as possible before writing the review so we can give you a really in-depth and honest opinion on whether they are worth the investment. our editor, beth, tested our number 1 pick, the weber genesis ii ex-335 gbs. she lives in the midlands in the uk with her husband and two kids, and spends a lot of time in her garden hosting bbqs for family and friends. she's cooked on both charcoal and gas bbqs for a number of years, but the weber genesis was the first smart barbecue she has tested. she rated it 5 stars thanks to its ease of use, clever features and the great results she got when grilling on it. alex is a freelancer for gardeningetc, with lots of hands-on experience with some of the best grills. she lives in dallas and with an acre of land that came with her new home, she has lots of patio space to play with when it comes to grilling. in fact, she has reviewed a total of three grills within this guide. alex has had hands-on experience with weber genesis spx-435 whilst reviewing it for our sister brand, homes & gardens. she's also tested the sought-after big green egg, giving it 5 stars too. she recently tested the char-griller akorn kamado grill and was very impressed by its size and capabilities, giving it 4.5 stars out of 5. millie is the head of reviews at future, concentrating on our homes and gardens brands. millie reviewed the char-broil gas2coal for us in her parent's countryside backyard. she loves this hybrid grill and its convenience and rated it 4.5 stars in total. annie has tested a huge range of portable grills for us on her terrace in london. with a small amount of space to work with, annie rates these grills on what they can offer bearing in mind their footprint, and how convenient they are to use and store. annie tested the weber go anywhere and she loved it. in fact, it's now her go-to grill for cooking burgers, sausages, and other smaller barbecue foods. she rated it 5 stars and thinks it's great for taking on days out or vacations. the weber smokey joe premium has also been tested by annie, and it now resides in her parent's back garden. she used this grill to cook everything from kebabs to a tomahawk steak, and it cooked all food extremely well. it's not as portable as the go anywhere, but is a handy buy for smaller spaces for sure. ginevra is the deputy editor at ideal home, though she often reviews products (mostly grills) for gardeningetc, too. gin has a small family and a small patio, so she's always searching for something compact yet feature-packed. gin tested both the traeger pro 575 pellet grill and the weber traveler go for us. she enjoyed cooking on both, having rated them 4.5 stars out of 5. the weber grill she tested is a portable option that would be great for campers, otherwise, it folds away to sit in your garage and take up minimal space. the smoker, on the other hand, is quite sizeable but it can really do it all. the everdure furnace (opens in new tab) review was carried out on our sister brand livingetc, by editor pip rich. there is a lot to consider when buying a grill for your bbq area (opens in new tab), but the most important factor is the fuel. that\u2019s because the type of fuel a grill uses can tell you what your cooking experience will be like and how your food might cook. here\u2019s what you need to know before you start kitting out your outdoor grill station (opens in new tab):. gas grills are super popular, especially among those who don\u2019t have a lot of experience with grilling. simply open the gas valve, turn or push the ignition button, and the grill is ready to go in about 10-15 minutes. for many, that\u2019s a simple and efficient way to grill, especially on a week night or when you have a lot of mouths to feed. that said, gas grills aren\u2019t known for producing the tastiest of flavors among grills. sure, they can achieve those delightful grill lines and the food will taste good, however, if you want a gas grill and juicier flavors choose an infrared gas grill or one that has flavorizer bars. though they work in different ways, they both result in food that\u2019s tastier and tender. if a grill uses wood pellets, there are a few things you can assume about it. first, it will need an outlet to work. second, it will be designed so that you can put the wood pellets in a hopper, set a timer, and leave the grill alone until the food is ready. wood pellet grills are pretty self-sufficient, and many are outfitted with wi-fi (though not all). plus, they\u2019re great for smoking or grilling meats because they add that woody-smoky flavor that you could only otherwise achieve with actual wood. many barbecue enthusiasts swear by charcoal grills and smokers, because they allow you to smoke meats. if you buy a charcoal grill, you\u2019ll need to see if it allows for briquettes or lump charcoal (or both). many modern charcoal grills will have a basket that makes ash clean up quite easy. when it comes to how to cook on a charcoal grill (opens in new tab), keep in mind that it will take a bit longer for the charcoal to heat before you start cooking, though some charcoal grills are designed so that it only takes 15 minutes. now you've chosen your preferred grill, make sure you read up on how to clean a bbq (opens in new tab), so you can keep your grill on great condition regardless of whether you've opted to cook with gas, wood pellets or charcoal. when deciding on the right grill for you, you should ask yourself how many people you want to cook for, and whether you have any fuel preferences. another big factor is the price, because some grills come in at well over $1,000, which will not be an option for every buyer. many grills come in at over $1,000, but it is easy to find a good grill for under $200. there are some features you can forego if you want to save some money and still find a quality, well-made grill. one is the number of burners, because most grills will go down in cost as they get smaller in size. another thing to consider is that kettle charcoal grills tend to be less expensive than gas grills, both in the ongoing running cost and in the up-front purchase price. many grills will come with clearly marked dimensions and even an indication of how many burgers will fit onto your cooking area. while this is helpful for conceptualizing your grill before you press pay, it's not always a good indication of how many people a grill will cook for. when you think of grills you've attended or hosted in the past, you'll likely remember that most food cooks very fast and can be done in batches, meaning only one or two burners will be needed to feed a whole family if you're happy to spend more time on the cooking itself. there are three main choices: gas, charcoal and pellet. however, many grills also come in 'hybrid' designs which use electricity or gas to heat charcoal for an easier cooking experience. if you want to stick to one fuel type, a gas model will heat fast and simply require a dial and ignition button to get going. however, they do mean you have to buy gas canisters to keep your grill going, and these can sometimes run out unexpectedly. a charcoal grill will simply require briquettes to keep it running, but you'll need to spend more time igniting and maintaining a charcoal bbq. they can make it hard to get consistent temperatures, but they will give your food a smokey flavor every time. to get the best from your new grill, our guide on how to light a bbq (opens in new tab) has step-by-step advice. there are also electric grills for creating your alfresco meals. they\u2019re convenient but there\u2019s no smoke, of course. gas grills tend to be easier to clean than charcoal models, and you won't need to dispose of ash between uses. in our tests we did find that some fat and food remnants would fall through the grates of our gas models, and we did have to get stuck in to remove these. take a look at whether you can use the dishwasher to help you clean up after cooking, plus our guide on how to clean grill grates (opens in new tab) has some useful tips. some grills are designed to be storage-friendly, with foldable designs that can be propped against a wall when not in use. many gas grills come with side panels that will act as a food prep area when raised, but can be lowered to make them easier to put in the shed when not in use. don\u2019t forget that a grill itself will need storage in winter \u2013 or a good cover. wheels to help you move it into storage are also handy if it\u2019s a weighty model. for more outdoor cooking options, check out the best pizza ovens (opens in new tab). alex temblador is a dallas-based award-winning author and freelance writer that has covered home, design, architecture, and art in publications like\u00a0real homes,\u00a0gardeningetc,\u00a0home & gardens,\u00a0dwell,\u00a0architectural digest,\u00a0artsy,\u00a0neighborhoods.com,\u00a0culture trip. gardens\nwatching garden visitors for just one hour in the big garden birdwatch 2023 could help provide vital data to protect birds from the effects of climate change. by jayne dowle\n\u2022\n\npublished 7 january 23. grow your own\nlearn how to chit potatoes before planting them in the ground and you\u2019ll be on your way to getting an earlier and bigger harvest. by drew swainston\n\u2022\n\npublished 6 january 23. other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:. gardeningetc is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher.  visit our corporate site.\n\u00a9\nfuture us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,\nnew york,\nny 10036. if you're a religious carnivore like me, you know that a premium gas grill yields the most delicious-tasting roasted steaks and chicken breasts. over the past five years, i've tested different gas grills until i finally curated a list of the best feature-rich and affordable ones. read to the end to find my best gas grill recommendation. the weber genesis ii e 335 is another great gas grill in a long line of high-end weber grills. its primary burners, the side burner, and the searing station give exceptional heat and cooking capacities. while the grilling system has high-quality primary burners, it also includes stainless steel flavorizer rods for that characteristic grilled smokey flavor, as well as a grease control system to aid with cleanup and to make the system works more smoothly. the burner gas grill is available in both natural gas and liquid propane tank versions. the entire grilling space is 669 square inches, divided between a heating rack and a core cooking area. it can conveniently accommodate up to 20 burgers for your buddies and family. i love the versatility of the side tables to give you a place to store your cooking equipment and seasonings. aside from that, the cast iron grate on this propane gas grill is porcelain-enameled for easy cleaning. i love the weber spirit ii e-310's compact size, which makes it easy to fit into tight spaces on my patio. the cooking surface is massive, but i feel like the hood is shallow compared to other weber models. so if you're planning to barbecue for a large crowd, i suggest doing so in a couple of batches. thanks to the two solid wheels, you can easily roll this gas grill to where you want. the build quality is robust and sturdy, so you don't have to worry about durability if you're a frequent griller. note that the spirit ii e hood size is quite small, so you can't grill a large whole turkey at once. aside from the open cart design, many color options, and space-saving dimensions, i love that the spirit ii e supports a bluetooth grilling thermometer. one of the weber spirit ii e-310's biggest disadvantages is how easily it flares up. it's unpleasant and dangerous that every time a little marinade dripped onto the grates, it flared up massively. the char-broil commercial 4-burner is an excellent, straightforward gas grill with a dual internal layer to retain heat during cooking. i love that it has a diverse heat range that is both low enough for smoking and high enough for searing. additionally, by sprinkling food-grade pellets or sawdust between the cast iron grates directly below the meal, you can easily generate smoke for smoking meat. like most gas grills, this one uses a battery-operated ignition and has stainless steel burners. this 4-burner also has a 13,000 btu side burner with a cast iron skillet that is porcelain plated with a sizable hinged cover. although it has infrared technology, i was a bit disappointed with how easily this grill was over-smoked when i first grilled fatty burgers. the pit boss gas grill includes two burners that can be operated separately, providing freedom in preparing your meals. both can be turned up to full power to produce an inferno ideal for quickly searing meat and obtaining those distinctive stripes. alternatively, you can scale back the heat and create a cooler setting ideal for reheating meals or reverse searing. lighting the grill couldn't be simpler; it has a push-button electric starter. all you need to do is connect the gas, pick the correct setting, and push. with this gas grill, you can turn it down and cook low and slow because of the thick lid. i love the front-mounted knobs, which make it simple to change the heat setting, allowing for exact temperature control. the grill includes foldable legs and two practical side-mounted clips that are ideal for anchoring the heavy cover when transporting it. however, the legs are not lockable, so it might be difficult to balance it steadily on a rugged surface. i recommend this if you are searching for the perfect gas grill for a tailgate party, as you can easily fold it down to become rather small. the e3001 pro is a well-thought-out design from char-griller. although it is priced higher than entry-level grills, it includes many features you desire in a mid-to-high-end gas barbecue grill. it includes a flip-top burner on the left-side table and two stainless steel propane gas grill components. i appreciate that its built-in electrical igniter uses a single aa battery to power it and light all the burners. note that you can use either natural or propane gas for this grill, depending on which one you can access. quality is essential when buying a grill, and char-griller takes note of this. in the entire structure, high-duty steel predominated. the black powder coat is solid and long-lasting as well. its cast-iron serves as the main grill grate for enhanced searing and heat retention. additionally, the cast iron grates feature a unique porcelain coating that makes them non-stick and facilitates easy cleanup. it's possible to remove the propane gas grill grates and wash them with soapy water if something gets stuck in the corners, like caramelized ingredients. the porcelain-coated grates will also stop any rust or corrosion that the water may otherwise cause. one of the things i didn't like on the grill is the small grill ports that easily clog up if you use an excess marinade. this also made cleanup more cumbersome. this first full-size grill from cuisinart is devised with durability and style in mind. you can evenly distribute 44,000 btus of cooking heat throughout the 486 square inches of cooking area thanks to the 4 independently controlled burners. additionally, there is a built-in heating rack that adds 202 square inches of capacity if you need it. this grill was designed with the user in mind and has a detachable cast iron griddle and a simple twist ignition. additionally, there\u2019s a good storage area for your propane tank, and the two side tables also offer a ton of extra area for your barbecue. i love that the stainless steel lid also contains a highly accurate built-in thermometer to monitor your cooking temperatures. all these great features are integrated into a cart base with a solid face for increased stability. note that this gas grill doesn't come with a tank holder, so placing your propane tank on the floor can be a huge inconvenience. with the camp chef flat-top grill's replaceable grates and flat-top griddle, you may switch to the cooking style that best suits your needs. it's a solution that combines two pieces of space-saving outdoor cooking gear into a single effective appliance. the unmatched ignition lights the burners without requiring an outside fire source or reliance on battery ignition. you simply turn the burner knob to ignite the flames. it features built-in wind protection, a characteristic that most flat-top griddles sometimes ignore. wind protection for the flames is provided by the snug fit of the griddle top into the core burner box. in addition to heating up more quickly, the windshield also helps to hold heat more effectively, enabling precise temperature control over the cooking area. cleaning up this portable gas grill with brushes or paper towels is incredibly simple because of the stainless steel body structure that doesn't stain easily. however, considering my small deck space, i didn't appreciate how big and heavy this grill was. and it's also quite difficult to assemble alone because of the heavyweight parts. if you're new to the grilling realm, it can be challenging to make a gas grill purchase. thankfully, here's an ultimate buyer's guide to help you out. gas grills use either natural gas or propane. before purchasing a natural gas grill, you should be sure about your fuel selection - switching from natural to propane, and vice versa, should only be done by a qualified specialist, and doing so frequently may void the warranty of some grill manufacturers. because both fuels cook similarly, your choice should be based on accessibility and convenience. there are different grills depending on the brand, size, and portability. i recommend buying lightweight and portable grills if you plan to barbecue on the go or work with limited storage space. but if you have a massive cooking area, go for bigger or inbuilt grills. a built-in propane gas grill is perfect if you want to create a unique outdoor kitchen. these grill heads are permanently fixed on the kitchen island or counter for convenience, and you can uninstall them when you plan to move out. to give your area a uniform appearance, go with a built-in or three-burner grill that complements all your outdoor theme furnishings and accessories. nothing is more infuriating than having a too-tiny grill when preparing a huge quantity of food. if you've ever tried batch grilling meat, you know how invigorating it can be to be constantly grilling while others are munching down on the cooked steaks. if you're cooking for many people, you'll need a grill with a cooking area of at least 320 square inches or more. this value should match the amount of cooking area available. some manufacturers include extra storage in the cooking areas specifications, such as a warming rack or a side burner. take that into account while shopping for a gas grill. also, when buying cheaper grills, headspace is equally essential. getting a gas barbecue that can't accommodate an entire thanksgiving turkey can be pointless. gas grills use either convection or infrared heating methods. because both have different cooking pros and cons, read the label or ask the manufacturer about the type of heat on a gas grill before buying it. most grills cook food using this traditional convection heating. this high heat method is when the flame and smoke's heat ascend to the food, warming the grill's contents and the air around it. most grillers find this quite acceptable, although the food may get dry and take a little longer to reach the proper temperature. convection gas grills are often cost-effective and an excellent option if you're working with a slim budget. the technology used by infrared burner grills directly warms the food being grilled. compared to its convection equivalent, the grill itself warms up more quickly, reaches higher temperatures, and provides more consistent heating inside the grill. this cooking technique also better seals in fluids, enabling you to dish even more flavorful, juicy meat slices. infrared burners also consume less energy and are simpler to clean with a grill brush. since infrared gas grills are more expensive, they are often a fantastic option for the genuine gourmet who wouldn't mind splurging extra cash. even though most individuals use gas grills safely every day, it can be disastrous if you don't follow the correct safety precautions. when working with a gas grill, ensure you know what you're doing and get a high-quality grill that makes safety a little bit simpler. look for a reliable grill that supports its weight, one that is strong. always read the manufacturer's instructions before using a new gas grill to get guidance on properly operating the grill. if grill durability is dear to you, review the warranties given on the grill you intend to buy. next, reweigh the online customer reviews to see how long other users have had that specific gas grill. if you can, try buying high-end gas grills with lifetime warranties. this way, you'll be spending more to get a gas grill that you can depend on now and for the rest of your life. however, because most low- and mid-range grills are more prone to break down after a few years, ensure you buy ones with an authentic 5-10 year warranty. how much should i spend on a good gas grill? you should spend anywhere between $750-$5000+ on a good gas grill with excellent features in order to achieve a great grilling experience. what is the average lifespan of a gas grill? the average lifespan of a gas grill is five to fifteen years. note that not all gas grills will last this long, as the lifespan largely depends on your maintenance habits. is it recommended to clean natural gas grills after every use? yes, it's recommended to clean natural gas grills after every use. ensure you wait until the grates have cooled down totally before cleaning. cleaning frequently prevents unnecessary buildup in the grill parts. after grilling ribs, turkey, and burgers on a dozen of the best gas grill models, i\u2019ve realized that versatility, good temperature control, and easy maintenance distinguish a quality gas grill from the rest. of all the gas grills i\u2019ve tried, weber genesis ii 335 ticked all the boxes. no other gas grill compares to its remarkable performance, convenience, durability, and affordability. as the topmost choice for devout grillers, this weber gas grill gives you more high heat per square inch cooking area plus a hotter sear burner zone from the extra burner. a bonus is its easy maintenance and incredible cooking capacity. weber genesis ii e-335 gas grill. our #1 recommendation. devon enjoys barbecuing during his weekends. he also loves to edit and review content and talk about his passion for cooking and traveling. devon loves to travel around the globe and taste new meat dishes wherever he goes. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *.  find out which webers made the list and discover some affordable alternatives. camryn rabideau is a freelance writer and product reviewer specializing in home, kitchen, and pet products. in her 6+ years of experience as a product tester, she's reviewed hundreds of items firsthand, and her work appears in publications such as people, the spruce, homes & gardens, and more. camryn is also the proud owner of a small homestead in rhode island, where she spends her spare time gardening, tending her many animals, and working through a never-ending list of home improvement projects. we independently evaluate all recommended products and services. if you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.\n learn more. people / russell kilgore. whether you\u2019re an experienced pitmaster or a newbie who\u2019s just getting into grilling, a large gas grill is one of the best options for your home. these grills are spacious, reliable, and generally moderately priced, and they\u2019re perfect for everything from cooking dinner for your family to hosting big backyard parties in the summer. professionals love gas grills for their consistency and ease of use: \u201cyou turn the grill on, and within just 10 to 15 minutes, it's ready to go with steady and consistent heat,\u201d says chef dale talde, chef and owner at goosefeather and host of tastemade\u2019s all up in my grill. even bobby flay uses a gas grill at home! as you look at different gas grills, you\u2019ll want to consider factors like their cooking space, number of burners, and special features like side burners or smart connectivity. to help narrow down your options, we tested 13 of today\u2019s best large gas grills, evaluating their ease of use and cooking abilities. here are the best large gas grills that people tested. great value for its feature set (hundreds less than others on the list). intuitive to use, even for beginners. high-quality stainless steel construction. responsive to heat adjustments. cold spots at front of the grill. in terms of size, performance, and value, it\u2019s hard to beat the monument grills 4-burner propane gas grill. this attractive grill has a sleek stainless steel exterior, and it features four burners across its 513-square-inch main cooking area. it has porcelain-coated cast iron grates, and it even includes a 12,000-btu side burner and a rotisserie kit. despite all these features, it\u2019s still extremely reasonably priced, costing hundreds less than many other models we tested. while its spec sheet is nothing to scoff at, we were equally impressed with the performance of this grill. it started up easily thanks to its electronic ignition system, and the heat was easy to adjust using the four knobs on the front of the unit. during testing, we found that the flame was very responsive to the dials from high all the way down to low. the intuitive nature of the heat and use of the burners leaves this grill more consistent in temperature. we cooked hamburgers, steak, and fish during testing, and all the dishes were evenly cooked with nice char marks. the front of the grill does seem to be a bit cooler than the middle and back, but overall, the unit performed reliably. its size makes it perfect for a large family or frequent host, and its high-quality construction will stand up to years of use. price at time of publish: $398. dimensions: 19 x 54 x 46 inches | weight: 118 pounds | cooking area: 723 square inches | burners: 4, plus a side burner | maximum btu: 60,000 | fuel: propane. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. responsive to temperature changes. easy to clean thanks to spacious interior. sturdy open-cart style construction. comes in both propane and natural gas models. unreliable lid thermometer. you can\u2019t go wrong with weber gas grills, which are known to be easy to use and reliable, and after testing several different models, the spirit ii e-310 was our favorite. this popular gas grill is available in both propane and natural gas models, and it features 529 square inches of cooking space over three burners. its racks are made from porcelain-coated cast iron, and it has an open-cart design with two wheels for easy portability. during testing, we found the grill was intuitive to operate, even for beginners: the temperature was easy to regulate and responsive, and the internal grill temperature adjusts quickly when knobs are altered. the grill left nice char marks on all the different types of food, and while the grill is slightly hotter in the middle of the grate, its temperature was consistent overall. plus, we loved that the grill's interior is spacious enough to make cleaning quick and easy. our one complaint about the spirit ii e-310 is that its built-in lid thermometer is fairly inaccurate. during testing, it was often 50-100 degrees off from our control thermometer, and as such, we didn\u2019t feel confident relying on it to gauge the inner temperature of the grill. price at time of publish: $569. dimensions: 52 x 27 x 44.5 inches | weight: 114 pounds | cooking area: 529 square inches | burners: 3 | maximum btu: 30,000 | fuel: propane or natural gas. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. low price for a fairly large grill. lightweight and easy to move. temperature responds quickly to adjustments. complicated and time-consuming assembly. made from lower-quality materials. if you\u2019re looking for a big grill without a big price tag, the nexgrill 4-burner gas grill is worth considering. it has a fairly basic, no-frills design, but it has a 417-square-inch main cooking grate with four burners, giving you plenty of space to grill for a crowd. it also features a handy side burner and an electronic ignition, and it weighs significantly less than other grills, making it easy to move around as needed. the nexgrill was fairly average in terms of its performance \u2014 it didn\u2019t get quite as hot as some of the more expensive grills and had a few hot spots, but it still got the job done. it performs best on basics like hamburgers and hot dogs, and the grill responded quickly to any temperature changes during testing, making it easy to control. however, if you do opt for this budget-friendly grill, be warned that assembly is time-consuming and a bit complicated \u2014 of all the grills we tested, it took us the longest to put together due to its unclear instructions. price at time of publish: $249. dimensions: 49.5 x 24.2 x 46.5 inches | weight: 72.8 pounds | cooking area: 562 square inches | burners: 4, plus side burner | maximum btu: 40,000 | fuel: propane. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. even heat across grilling surface. sear zone delivers a perfectly crispy texture on meat. high-quality construction will last for years. comes in both propane and natural gas models. double the price of other models. the weber genesis e-325s is a worthwhile investment for frequent grillers, as it\u2019s simply a joy to use. it comes in both propane and natural gas models, and there are even three different finishes to choose from. the grill has three burners, as well as a special high-heat searing zone, and its primary cooking grate is 513 square inches, providing plenty of space for your food. when it came to testing, the genesis e-325s proved that it\u2019s worth its high price tag. this grill could cook anything, and it has a large capacity, so cooking multiple things that need different attention is a huge draw. there weren\u2019t any noticeable hot spots across the cooking grates, and we found the \u201csear zone\u201d delivered a crispy outer texture on meat. we were also impressed with the overall construction of the grill, noting that it could easily last for 10 years if taken care of properly. price at time of publish: $999. dimensions: 63 x 62 x 31 inches | weight: 188 pounds | cooking area: 787 square inches | burners: 3 | maximum btu: 39,000 | fuel: propane or natural gas. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. good value for a medium-size grill. even heat distribution thanks to tru-infrared plates. no flare-ups while cooking, so it's great for beginners. smokes more than most grills when grease drips. the char-broil signature series amplifire gas grill offers a lot of bang for your buck, especially if you\u2019re new to the world of grilling. this two-burner grill is smaller than many others we tested, with just 325 square inches of cooking space on its main surface, but it\u2019s reasonably priced to match and has several unique features that make it exceptionally easy to operate. in testing, we found that the grill\u2019s \u201ctru-infrared plates\u201d \u2014 basically perforated stainless steel plates underneath the cooking grates \u2014 provide impressive heat distribution, preventing any hot spots and allowing all our food to cook evenly. it also effectively prevented any flare-ups, making it a good choice for new grillers. however, the downside of the plates is any grease that drips onto them ends up smoking, which may affect the flavor of your food. overall, we think this grill is a great value, especially for beginners or those who don\u2019t necessarily need an extra-large cooking area. price at time of publish: $399. dimensions: 22.5 x 46.8 x 47.2 inches | weight: 99 pounds | cooking area: 445 square inches | burners: 2 | maximum btu: 20,000 | fuel: propane. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. simple design is well-suited to beginners. spacious cooking area for a two-burner grill. built-in fuel gauge shows how much propane is left. very similar to our best overall, runner up option \u2014 minus one burner. didn\u2019t produce the most pronounced sear marks. if you usually only cook for a few people at a time, the weber spirit ii e-210 is a more compact (and affordable) option for your patio. it\u2019s essentially the same design as our best overall runner-up, the spirit ii e-310, except it only has two burners instead of three. despite its smaller size, the e-210 has a primary cooking area of 360 square inches, and it has most of the same features as the more expensive model, including enamel-coated cast iron grates, an open cart design, and integrated tool hooks. there\u2019s even a handy fuel gauge that shows you how much propane is left in the tank! this grill produced consistently good results during testing, responding well to heat adjustments and cooking food evenly \u2014 though we did wish some of the char marks were more pronounced. the sides and front of the grilling surface were slightly cooler than the center, but overall, we found it was easy to operate, even for those with minimal grilling experience. price at time of publish: $449. dimensions: 44.5 x 48 x 27 inches | weight: 103 pounds | cooking area: 450 square inches | burners: 2 | maximum btu: 26,500 | fuel: propane. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. temperature probes monitor food doneness. connects to smartphone via bluetooth and sends you real-time temp alerts and reminders. sear zone for high-heat cooking. comes in both propane and natural gas models. high price due to smart features. the weber genesis ex-325s is essentially the same grill as our pick for best investment, the weber genesis e-325s, but it has added smart features that are sure to please any tech-savvy grillers. once it\u2019s connected to your smartphone, the grill can send you real-time food temperature alerts, flip reminders and serve notifications so you never overcook another burger. similar to the base model, the genesis ex-325s also delivered an impressive cooking performance\u2014our testers could barely find any faults with it! \u201cthe grill overall had great performance, you almost didn't really need the app,\u201d our tester noted. \u201cthe app is certainly convenient for walk-away cooking, especially if you are doing indirect cooking.\u201d just keep in mind that this grill\u2019s high price is largely due to its smart features, so if you don\u2019t think you\u2019ll use them, save yourself a few bucks and stick with the genesis e-325s. price at time of publish: $1,179. dimensions: 63 x 62 x 31 inches | weight: 188 pounds | cooking area: 787 square inches | burners: 3 | maximum btu: 39,000 | fuel: propane or natural gas. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. people / russell kilgore. sleek stainless steel design with backlit knobs. special side burner for searing meat. comes in both propane and natural gas models. not very responsive to temperature changes. the napoleon prestige 500 was one of the most expensive gas grills we tested, and while it has an incredibly sleek design, its performance wasn\u2019t good enough to earn it a top spot on our rankings. this grill has 500 square inches of cooking space over four main burners, and it also has a unique \u201cinfrared sizzle zone\u201d side burner that gets extra hot, allowing you to char meat quickly. during testing, we found that the napoleon prestige 500 didn\u2019t respond as well as other grills to temperature changes, and it didn\u2019t deliver good searing on the main grill, either. all the food was cooked, but it didn\u2019t blow us away, especially given its high price tag. further, we struggled when it came time to clean the grill, as it\u2019s very hard to remove debris and grease from underneath the burners.\u00a0if you're looking for a 4-burner grill that's high-performing, easy to use, and a fraction of the cost, we recommend our best overall pick, the monument grills 4-burner grill over this one. price at time of publish: $1,499. dimensions: 26.5 x 66.25 x 50.25 inches | weight: 196 pounds | cooking area: 760 square inches | burners: 4, plus side burner | maximum btu: 48,000 | fuel: propane or natural gas. quick and easy to assemble. good value for small homes. four caster wheels for easy movement. construction is somewhat wobbly. temperature control requires some finesse. the char-broil performance series 2-burner gas grill is another option that didn't quite make the cut for our top picks, but it\u2019s still worth mentioning. this grill is one of the more compact options we tested, with just two burners and 300 square inches of primary cooking space. it\u2019s lightweight and mounted on four caster wheels, and while it was extremely easy to put together, we found it was a bit wobbly during operation. this grill was middle-of-the-road in terms of performance \u2014 there were noticeable hot spots around the edges of the cooking area, but food placed in the middle of the grill was cooked nicely. we noted that it takes a little trial and error to get the grill where you want it to be, and while it wasn\u2019t a top performer, it still might be a worthwhile option if you\u2019re looking for something small and inexpensive.\u00a0if you can afford to spend a bit more, we recommend our best budget option, the weber spirit ii e-210 2-burner gas grill. price at time of publish: $249. dimensions: 24.5 x 42.9 x 44 inches | weight: 82.5 pounds | cooking area: 400 square inches | burners: 2 | maximum btu: 24,000 | fuel: propane. there are two different types of gas grills that you can buy today: liquid propane or natural gas. propane grills are typically more popular, as they\u2019re powered by 20-pound liquid propane tanks, which you can purchase from most home improvement stores. these tanks are convenient to use and can be refilled as needed. however, if you have a natural gas line in your home, there are some gas grills that can use this type of fuel. some grills come with a conversion kit that lets you change them from propane to natural gas, while other grills are solely designed to use with natural gas. many weber grills, including our runner-up for best overall, the weber spirit ii e-310 3-burner gas grill, can be purchased in both liquid propane or natural gas models. when comparing different grills, one of the key factors to consider is its capacity, which is measured in square inches. most grills have multiple measurements listed in their specifications, including the total cooking area, primary cooking area, and cooking racks. the primary cooking area refers to the size of the main grate directly over the grill\u2019s burners. this is where you\u2019ll place meat and other food that needs high heat to be cooked, so you\u2019ll want to select a grill that\u2019s spacious enough for your needs. if you have a smaller family, a grill with a 200-300 square inch primary cooking surface will likely be plenty, but if you regularly host parties, you may want a grill with 500+ square inches of cooking space so you can cook more food at a time. secondary cooking space, on the other hand, includes any additional racks within the grill, which are often used for cooking with indirect heat or warming up items like burger buns. large gas grills can have anywhere from two to six burners, but most people find that three or four burners is the sweet spot when cooking for multiple people. when your grill has multiple burners, you\u2019re able to create different cooking zones across its grates. when burners are on, it creates a direct cooking zone with high heat, but when you leave certain burners off, you can have indirect cooking zones at the same time. there are plenty of basic gas grills with minimal features, such as the char-broil signature series amplifire 2-burner gas grill, but you can also find grills with specialty features, if you\u2019re so inclined. some popular options include a side burner, which can be used to boil a pot of water to cook vegetables while you grill, or a sear station, which delivers extra-high heat to put a beautiful char on meat. other features you may see on large gas grills include smart connectivity, rotisserie cookers, built-in cabinets for storage, temperature probes, and more. people / russell kilgore. gas grills are a seasonal item, often being used heavily during the summertime, and as such, they\u2019re most in-demand between april and july. if you\u2019re looking for the best deal on a gas grill, it\u2019s best to wait until after this period of high-demand to start shopping. in the early fall, many retailers put their grill inventory on sale, and you\u2019ll be able to get the best grills for lower prices. if you do want to buy a new grill in the spring or summer, you\u2019ll generally find the best prices around major sale holidays like memorial day or even father\u2019s day. for an average 4-person household, medium or large gas grills are a popular choice. these grills typically feature between two and four burners, and they can have anywhere from 300 to 500 square inches of primary cooking space. large gas grills can range anywhere from $200 to $1,000+ in price, but the sweet spot for quality and value falls somewhere in the middle. \u201clook to spend anywhere between $300 and $400 for a quality grill,\u201d recommends talde. our top pick, the monument grills 4-burner propane gas grill, falls within this range, retailing for around $400. weber is one of the best-known grill brands today, and many of its models performed extremely well in our testing. however, there are several other gas grill brands that are worth considering as you shop. the top performers during our testing included products from monument grills, and we were also impressed by certain models from char-broil and nexgrill, which tend to be more budget-friendly than weber. to find the best gas grills for your backyard cookouts, the people tested team spent several days testing 13 different full-size gas grills. in the first round of testing, we used each grill to cook hamburgers and buns, as well as grilled onions, and after comparing all the results, we selected the 10 top performers to move onto round two. in the second round of testing, we cooked skin-on fish filets and steak, evaluating each grill on its ease of use, performance, cleaning, design, and value. once all our testing was complete and the scores were tallied, the monument grills 4-burner propane gas grill came out as our top pick with a score of 4.8 out of 5, and the weber spirit ii e-310 3-burner gas grill was right behind it with 4.6 out of 5, earning it the title of runner-up. camryn rabideau is a freelance commerce writer and product tester specializing in home, kitchen, and pet products. in her 6+ years of experience as a product tester, she's reviewed hundreds of items firsthand, and her work appears in publications such as the spruce, homes & gardens, and more. for this article, she consulted tested insights and interviewed chef dale talde, chef and owner at goosefeather and host of tastemade\u2019s all up in my grill. we created the people tested seal of approval to help you find the very best products for your life. we use our unique methodology to test products in three labs across the country and with our network of home testers to determine their effectiveness, durability, ease of use, and so much more. based on the results, we rate and recommend products so you can find the right one for your needs. but we don\u2019t stop there: we also regularly re-review the categories in which we\u2019ve awarded the people tested seal of approval \u2014 because the best product of today might not be the best of tomorrow. and by the way, companies can never buy our recommendation: their products must earn it, fair and square. in short, people tested provides recommendations you can trust \u2014 every day, every purchase. by clicking \u201caccept all cookies\u201d, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. >brisket, ribs, pulled porkthese items need to be smoked low and slow, not grilled sounds like a weber kettle charcoal grill is what you want. you can easily do a weeknight grill on it and if you have the time and patience you can learn to smoke on it and if you like it, look into a dedicated smoker down the line.could also consider a pellet grill but those aren\u2019t great for weeknight cooks, more geared towards low and slow with very minimal maintenance to the cook required. i'd suggest finding a weber 22\" kettle via facebook marketplace or craigslist. hmm, people say the big green egg is the magic bullet.   you can smoke low and slow or grill super high temps with it.  the cons to it are it\u2019s very heavy fragile, relatively small and takes a bit of skill to master.  pellet fed smokers are like ovens (can\u2019t sear a steak) but super easy to do ribs on.  for entry level you should probably just get a gas grill or a weber charcoal grill.  you can smoke with both of those just takes a bit more baby sitting when compared to a good smoker. second for a weber 22\u201d. great value can find a used one on fb marketplace. does everything you need: grill, smoke, sear, bake, rotisserie, make pizzas. if you find you need more space you can get a 26\u201d kettle. if your a beginner no better way to learn how to grill. get yourself a pellet grill. i am a traeger guy but there are plenty of brands. happy to help! good luck. you don't mention price range, nor if you are going to be cooking in a hurry.  majority the pellet grills take a very long time to heat.  most charcoal grills like weber kettles also take quite a while to get going and they're quite a bit of work, in particular in the winter time.  if you want a device that heats quickly, will last for many years, and can cook everything from brisket to searing steaks, the weber smokefire ex4 g2 is the best combination grill and smoker do everything device on the market for year-round use.  the masterbuilt gravity series is another option, but honestly they are cheap pieces of junk that do not last.  the char-griller gravity is definitely better built than the masterbuilt, but still cheaply made.  if the smokefire is too expensive, then the next cheapest i would recommend is the even embers pellet egg.  last the cheapest smoker/grill on the market that is of good quality would be the char-griller acorn auto kamado for $450 us dollars.  basically smokefire > embers egg > akorn auto-kamado.the embers egg would be the most fuel efficient of these from a cost perspective. after years of searching, buying, and grilling i\u2019ve come to the conclusion that all any backyard griller will ever need is a decent kettle. everything more is just luxury. my $250 weber master touch turns out better ribs, pork, brisket, chickens, etc. than my dads $1400 traeger. upfront cost charcoal is cheaper than gas in most cases. you can find some average to lower end gas grills for the same you\u2019d pay for a decent charcoal grill. downside to charcoal is the time it takes to light and get to cooking. anything you plan on cooking add at least 20 minutes to your time to allow coals to light and be ready to cook. i have a cheap gas grill for when i just need to do something fast or don\u2019t feel like waiting for charcoal. wind can be a pain too but that\u2019s all dependent on location and positioning. it also takes some learning and skill for temp control compared to gas or a pellet smoker but once you learn your machine you can do anything. pros are unlimited. want to make burgers and dogs? great for that. want to smoke a few racks of spareribs? a whole packer? want to do pizzas? great for all of those. hell i\u2019ve even baked in it. i really love the char griller or masterbuilt gravity charcoal grills. low and slow is super easy even overnight and it can heat up very hot for grilling in 10 minutes. i bought a weber 4 years ago and it's still great. i had heard the same thing as you but got one anyway. clean it regularly, put the cover back on it every time, so it doesn't get rained on, basically just take care of it. i don't know if it's bifl quality but i certainly don't plan on buying another grill for at least another decade. my weber is 13 years old. it get used 2-3 times a week / 7 months a year. it\u2019s not in \u201clike new\u201d condition but looks like it will give me 13 more years. the ss grates are in perfect condition. a canadian made napoleon grill.   they do have a rebranded china brand that isnt anything special but if you get one out of barrie ontario you're going to replace the burner at about 10yrs assuming you you're using it 2-3 times a week.   but it is an easy swap out. no weber. i bought one about 3-4 years ago and it\u2019s junk. i actually saved up for the exact one i wanted and waited for it to go on sale\u2014they always mark them down $100 or so at the end of summer. i even had a lowe\u2019s 10% off coupon, so i got (what i thought was) a great deal. i bought the matching cover for it too and some weber utensils and veggie baskets, basically the whole package. got it home, put it together, made sure to read the care & maintenance instructions, always kept it covered, etc. today, the coating on the grates has flaked almost completely off\u2014there are literally huge chunks of whatever it is they use on the grates covering the bottom of the barrel after every use that have to be cleaned out before using it again. the worst part of that though is that the pieces would get in the food all the time, sometimes to the point of ruining an entire piece of meat. one of the doors to the cabinet underneath fell off last year\u2014one of the hinges that the little pivot pin fits into just completely rusted out and fell off. i haven\u2019t even bothered to fix because\u2014the door is rusted out at the bottom too, like big-chunks-of-metal-falling-off-so-that-you-can-see-right-through-it rusted. and, if that wasn\u2019t bad enough, the hole inside the cabinet that the propane tank sits in is rusted out all around it, so the propane tank doesn\u2019t even sit right inside it, it just kinda falls in until it\u2019s too fat to go any further.i wish i could post pictures here so you could see, it\u2019s really just trash. it\u2019s actually lasted the *least* longest of any grill i ever owned and it\u2019s really a bummer because i wanted it for so long and i really love grilling, but this thing has just taken all the desire and fun away. now i just use the stove. always weber. i own 3 weber grills. one smoker, one charcoal, and one gas. the gas one is at least 10 years old, probably older. i lost the cover so it isn\u2019t protected from the elements. zero rust and holds heat like a champ. weber is 100% the way to go for a gas a grill. weber seems notably better than others but be aware they have different tiers of quality. their basic level is still better than most though. thicker metal more even cooking #weber as most on here have said, weber. my dad and grandad both have weber gas grills they've had for 10-20 years that look good and work. they have a warranty, and the parts are easily replaceable. they're great. still using a weber gas grill that was gifted to me 21 years ago.  i\u2019ve replaced the flavorizer bars and burners, also upgraded to stainless steel grates, but it works fine.  did have a problem with it about 4-5 years ago when one of the cast iron pieces on the top lid broken, but i called them up and they sent me a new one as it was covered under warranty.also have the big charcoal grill for about 10 years.  i\u2019ve upgraded the grate to cast iron and it\u2019s lovely.the pile of meat that i\u2019ve cooked on both...it\u2019s not small... best value for dollar is a 22\" weber kettle. it's the swiss army knife of grills. charcoal is a bit more work, but the end results speak for themselves. charcoal absolutely does not require high maintenance. source: i'm a low maintenance guy.before a cook, i tumble the old coals over the grates, put the survivors in the chimney, empty out the ashes, top the chimney off with new coals, crumple up 3 sheets of newspaper in the bottom of the chimney, light the newspaper, crack open a beer, then food-prep and practice disc-golf putting while i wait 20 or so minutes for the coals to be ready. once the coals are ready to dump, i dump them over half the charcoal grate, put the food grate in place, scrape the food grate with my wooden paddle.it just takes longer than a gas grill to get the grill ready to cook.  charcoal - purists will love you. charcoal requires attention but offers a ton of flexibility for your cooks. 18\u201d or 22\u201d weber can do steaks to pulled pork. could start with a $30 14\u201d if you want. other brands out there too but weber is weber. propane/natural gas - the \u201ceasy button\u201d. hugely convenient - on/off fire, easier temp controls than charcoal. you can add smoke via a smoke box but it\u2019s just not charcoal. again, weber is good or there\u2019s a ton of brands. most popular. pellet - great for set and forget long looks but can\u2019t do high heat as well as charcoal or gas. check out amazingribs.com for reviews and other write ups on this subject. ok, brace yourself...all are great options... a few things via my experience:* charcoal is great for getting extra smoke flavor and flare-up mitigation. it does take extra maintenance throughout the cook making sure the coals are arranged well to keep consistent heat where you want it. you have to spend the time getting the coals hot enough and then let them cool down after you're done. the benefits of charcoal are why we cook most of our food over the fire when camping.* gas has never made food taste like gas (to me). gas has really consistent and controllable heat and is on/off basically right when you want it. it doesn't offer smoke flavor, but you can get accessories that will give smoke flavor (smoker box, smoker tube, etc) - keeping in mind that it will be taking up x amount of real estate on the grates. gas is notorious for flare ups, but there are ways to mitigate that as well.* i don't have a ton of experience with pellet, but i believe it's a sort of go-between of gas and charcoal. it is real wood pellets, so you get some smoke flavor. you can set the heat that you want and it'll feed pellets as needed to keep that temp. this makes pellet grills good for cooking and smoking (jerky, salmon, that queso dip everyone was doing for a while, etc). my aunt isn't a huge fan of hers because the pellets seem to keep clogging, possibly because pellets can get wet fairly easy and gum up the system? i've never heard of pellet grills not being able to get really hot... but, again i don't have much experience with them.i've had a char-broil classic 3 burner gas grill for three years now and have loved it. it's a fairly cheap-o for gas, but is a great starter for getting familiar with grilling and bbq/roasting. no one i've cooked for (myself included) has ever mentioned a gas taste, so unless they're holding back...my main gripes with mine:* hot/cold spots (that i've had to learn over time and cook accordingly), some of which i actually use as an advantage.* the heat diffusers don't like to sit in their position much anymore (probably just quality of the construction), which i help by shoving some foil in the gap to hold it.* a couple of the flame/burner tubes don't like to be on full blast right away. they sort of blow themselves out? i would think they're just dirty, but if i keep them on low for a few minutes initially, then turn them up to full, they're fine. i'm not sure what the issue is here; could be me, could be that i got lemon replacement tubes.overall, i would say start with gas for the general ease of it, then upgrade/switch/add something else later if you want. my next one will probably be an upgraded gas grill because i've gotten so used to it and have developed my own methods. now that i've used gas, i know what i want for the next one - in fact, i already have it picked out.good luck and happy grilling! i grew up using a weber kettle. i still have 1. charcoal imparts more flavor. it's a bit of a hassle if you're worn out from work and just want a quick burger or steak. gas is fast and convenient. i've never used a pellet grill. charcoal & pellet they make some gas grill / smoker combos that could be a versatile and good way to start... i have one (it's a kenmore) and love it... gas for a quick / easy steak or burger | gas smoker (you add wood chips) for when i want to smoke some ribs or a pork butt all day. looks at gravity fed charcoal grills from masterbuilt or char-griller. easy as a pellet grill, but with all the charcoal flavor.i can't believe the amazingly tasty treats i've been turning out. charcoal gets the flavor and ability to cook everything. see weber kettlegas is if you want a lazy and quick grill and like cooking outside. i own both a charcoal and a gas. charcoal is when i want too cook something fun like smoking or kebabs(henry\u2019s how to afgahn chicken on youtube) gas is more when i don\u2019t want heat in the house. honestly i feel between my oven and cast iron pans i can do anything in the oven as good as gas. since your new to it think of grilling as an experience and journey. alsowould recommend a the weber kettle. everything from barbecue brisket to amazing simple grilled chicken. it will take time to learn but that\u2019s the fun part. bite the bullet (learning wise but not cost wise) and get a weber charcoal. it'll take a little longer to learn but you'll be much more satisfied when you do figure it out. gas is easy, but so are training wheels. and once you learn on gas, you'll soon want to move on to something else. so don't buy the expensive training wheels.that said it depends what you're looking for. ease and just something to put flame to meat/veggies? go gas. if you're looking to keep expanding and building different flavor profiles and do larger/longer cooks, weber kettle is your man. capable of 10 minute hot dogs (once charcoal is ready, prep time ~30 mins) to 16 hour full packer brisket cooks. by far the most versatile and quality for the price ratio you can get. i own two, a 22 wsm, and a 5 burner gas grill. each serve their purpose. i'm a fan of weber gas grills. i have a genesis silver b that i purchased, probably, 20 years ago. i finally had to replace the burners last summer. still using the original, cast iron grates. the \"flavorizer\" bars and the starter spark box need replacing every few years.  otherwise, a solid grill. i live in the chicago area so the weather can be harsh. i give it a good cleaning every spring and wipe it down after each use. having a decent cover when not in use will help. those are all excellent grills. between 3 or 4 burners it's really just up to you, i like 4 burners so i can do indirect grilling or have a warm zone to hold food on.  one other option you might check out is the grilla grills primate, it's a gas grill that also comes with a griddle top. that way you can expand your cooking adventure. have fun with which ever grill you choose, they're all really good units \ud83c\udf7b if you have a weber dealer near you check to see if they have used trade ins you may find a great deal. i got a weber genesis 3 burner with seer burner and side burner for $200. i had to replace the flavor bars $50. i love that model of napoleon. bought it in natural gas a year ago, then sold our house and bought it again in propane because the new house didn\u2019t have gas. i moved from three to four burners a few years ago and am very pleased. it is great both for large meals and for smoking.in retrospect, i would have bought a model with a side burner. when i have that occasional very smoky cook in the house, i would much rather do it outside. the genesis is built well but underpowered.  it\u2019s not a bad grill but it\u2019s not capable of particularly high temps or strong searing. check costco if there is one near you. i got my weber spirit 2 e310 for 200$ on target clearance. has 10year warranty and already replaced the burners, flavorisers and the spark box. all free. high-end grills are actually ridiculously expensive ($5,000-$6,000+ build-ins, or [this $10,000 monster](https://home.hestan.com/product/42-hestan-outdoor-deluxe-grill-with-double-side-burner/)). you're looking at mid-range free standing propane grills like weber, broil king, and napoleon which range from $800-$2,000 ish. couple of things to consider as you think about cost/budget - how much cooking surface do you need? grills should give you a square inch figure of how much cooking surface each has, but this is usually expressed in the number of burners a grill has--e.g. 2-burner vs. 5-burner. the typical grill is 3-burners. obviously, more burners = more money.weber is the first name in these kinds of grills, was once a legendary bifl brand/marquee that was fully made in north america, with full assortment of replacement parts and good warranty. lately, they've been criticized for offshoring production and overcharging for pretty, but less functional products. broil king is actually a weber spinoff--one of the canadian oem's for weber grills recognized weber's decision to offshore/form over function, and started making their own line of grills to compete. i had a regal 5-burner and it's a serious piece of equipment with almost 600 square inches of cooking surface, nice controls, good stainless steel construction, etc. napoleon has had a good reputation, but seems to be the high end house brand at home depot which makes them less attractive to me. they seem to be overpriced when compared feature-to-feature to broil king, but do not have the panache/brand recognition of weber.if all of this sounds too expensive for you, a used older weber (even as far back as 2000's era models) can be easily refurbished as weber sells every replacement part you need to rehab an older grill for much less than you'd pay for a new one while still getting (old school) weber's legendary bifl quality. should be able to get a 3-burner genesis gold for $200 bucks and spend $150 on new parts and have a great grill for years to come. going on 17 years with my napoleon pt450.  fantastic grill. check the kitchenaid grills at costco.  just got one on sale that has 5 burners plus the side searing unit and double cooking spots for pots or whatever.  i had to buy the rotisserie kit separately but it was only about $80.edit.  forgot to mention it\u2019s stainless steel construction and cast aluminum i think so it should last quite some time. huh. oddly, we have never purchased a gas grill. we have just been in the right place at the right time, i guess. our first gas grill was my mil\u2019s. a second one was given to us by a friend who upgraded. a third was given to us because someone decided they didn\u2019t like cooking with propane anymore. the first one is back at my mil\u2019s. the second one is at our house and the third is at a college apartment. all still kicking. dh likes the weber one at our house the best. hello /u/masoj999! thank you for your submission! the automod thought that your post might be a request type post and has changed the flair accordingly, but if this was wrong feel free to change it back!*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/buyitforlife) if you have any questions or concerns.* your post lacks depth to get the help you want.budget.you are asking about multi-purpose bbqing.  if you find a single unit that does it all, you will find a single unit that fails at each in some substantive way.are you looking for built in or wheeled/pseudo-portable?are you cooking for you and your cat or you and your 18 children?this is a god damn tank and will survive a drop from the empire state building:  https://www.wilmingtongrill.com/product/master-gas-grill/ and can be turned, via accessories, into a blackstone, smoker or rotisserie but again....we have no frame of reference.  if my budget was nice, i'd get this and a dedicated smoker. look up jackson grills. they used to be canadian made but moved off shore. i took the risk and have had it for about a month now. fully stainless steel and i'm impressed so far. fire magic has been my grill of choice over 3 homes since 1997. amazing grill. i\u2019d recommend checking out blaze bbq grills. their grills are top quality and come with lifetime warranty that their customer service says does indeed cover even rust (terms and conditions pose a gray area for that though). forever warranty!!! get the weber spirit, that's the one i get last year been using it daily, loving it.edit: it's the number 4 here: [https://costnow.com/best-bbq-grill/](https://costnow.com/best-bbq-grill/) [use this guide to grills, smokers, and pits](http://amazingribs.com/bbq_equipment_reviews_ratings/). you can set the filters on the left-hand side of the page to narrow your choices down. personally, i wouldn't buy a grill/smoker that i haven't read a review of. airflow is important, and many of the cheaper ones have ventilation problems, i.e., they leak smoke too much. i bought a acorn for 300 and i love doing that thing. i can keep it low to smoke and up to 700 for hot searing. cast iron grates. uses lump coal.   i would suggest a weber kettle grill, then spend $200 on meat and accessories.if you want to drop all $350 on just the grill, then go with the akorn consider a used big green egg. goes from super low to super hot.  since you say you're new to bbqing...100$ weber kettle120$ [grillgrates](http://www.grillgrate.com/)70$ [smokenator](http://www.smokenator.com/)leaves you 60 for other accessories... ckicken / rib rack, meatclaws, stainless beercan for chicken, injection needles...once you get good replace the weber with something better. i personally started with a similar kit after reading from [this site](http://gizmodo.com/5923283/how-i-got-at-least-2000-worth-of-grill-for-540). i still have the partyq, can be useful if you're not always around. check out the portable kitchen:www.pkgrills.comi love mine -- a step up from the weber kettles that only last a few years.  it grills and smokes just fine.  it should be the last grill you buy; there's stories of them lasting 40 or 50 years!  that's legacy; your kids can use this thing! second vote for the akorn. have one, love it. does everything well.  how much is the bge and is it worth it? the link that /u/committeeofone gives you is a great resource depending on what you want your source of heat to come from. the smokers you have linked do not compete with those listed in the amazingribs.com site.at $350, don't forget that most people will need more than just the smoker/grill. consider gloves / tongs to handle hot foods / coal, thermometers (this can get expensive!), possibly a chimney, wood (if you don't get it free somewhere), etc.  i personally prefer coal fired grills and would advise you to wait until something goes on sale so you can purchase the grill and thermometers (if need be, and anything else needed) for ~$350. i have a weber grill that's been outside in  the weather for 10 or 12 yearsprior one lasted probably 17 or 18.  and that one might have gone longer if i hadn't got #2 as a gift. webers last forever and you can replace the parts if something breaks. always lots of used ones on fb marketplace, cl, etc. or you could get a smaller new one for $500 the ops price range was around $500. which essentially means everyone who rushed in to say \"buy weber\" is recommending a weber spirit 3 burner with cast iron grates. which is a completely average grill for the price. the ops price range is the one were weber is the least value. weber is the iphone of grills, they are great grills but the value isn't great anymore. webers previous versions of genesis grills in the 90's were great quality and great value. they were made in america, lasted forever, and were simply the best grills available for the money. currently no weber gas grill is the best grill in its price range *for the money* . they are all good grills but are simply expensive for what they are in 2021, you are paying for the brand name and they are made in china from cheap materials.back to the ops question will a $500 grill last you 5 years? most likely the answer is yes as long as you stay in the 3-4 burner range. you will also enjoy cooking on it more than your $200 disposable grill. but there is one very important question for the op. do you plan on cleaning it? if you don't give it one thorough deep cleaning per year, you would probably be better doing what you were doing before. a $200 grill that last 2 years vs a $500 grill that last 5 years vs a $1000 grill that lasts 10 years are all $100 per year. your cooking experience is better with the later but it takes cleaning and at about 5-7 years possibly some replacement parts.in the $500 price range i would recommend napoleon, broil king and even charbroil over weber. weber grills are better than charbroils 95% of thr time. however the charbroil commercial stainless 3 burner at lowes is flat out better than any weber that costs $500 or less. https://www.lowes.com/pd/char-broil-commercial-stainless-steel-3-burner-liquid-propane-and-natural-gas-infrared-gas-grill-with-1-side-burner/1001462424. is it better than a weber genesis 3 burner? absolutely not but those aren't priced similarly so you can only compare it to the spirit. go look at them next to eachother and you will understand. if you want a 4 burner it's and extra $100 so will be $550, weber simply doesn't offer a 4 burner with these btus for less then $750. is weber better?  yes, but only if you are willing to pay 35% to 50% more. they aren't better in any given price range. the other options are napoleon rouge xt 3 burner or broil king signet 3 burner. they will all last 5 years for around the $500 mark if you clean them. amazingribs.com is a good place to check grill reviews. find a used pkgrill pitboss has 5 year warranties on their grills. on a side note do you keep it covered from rain, snow etc?? i buy a cover everytime and rain never touches my grills. last one lasted a decade like that. get the best stainless you can get.  $500 will give you some decent options.broil-king, webber, char-broil.just try to get a stainless cook box and if possible all stainless grates and grease diverters.last much longer that way broil king makes some pretty good grills for around 500. try char-broil 463673519 performance series. since i've been using it more, i know where the knobs on the burners need to be set according to the temperature gauge. it took me a while to figure out where to set them to keep things cooking at 350. even though i put my chicken on the warmer rack while the rest of the food was cooking, it was still overcooked. i didn't think that would happen, so that's still pretty hot. i am still learning, but maybe this will help. overall, it's a lot better than cooking with charcoal, which is no longer an option!https://homeindec.com/aswecans?maoure=b01hid4y7q there are some grills in that price point that are totally worth it, and some grills in that price point that are pieces of shit.ignitors are gonna be a potential problem no matter how much you spend.outside of that, there are huge benefits of longevity depending on the grill. 304 or 443 grade stainless are very corrosion resistant. cast burners or heavy duty pipe burners and heavy duty cooking grates made of these metals last forever. appropriately heavy flame tamers made out of these materials last for decades. your maintenance will be cleaning the grill as it gets nasty, and maybe cleaning the outside whenever it needs it.there are other metals, like porcelainized steel or 201 or 430 grade stainless that can be fine in some environments but do not stand up in others. there are some people that put huge size in at this price point without much engineering, or sometimes grills start at a price point and the parts are reverse engineered to hit the price (instead of a grill being built for quality).research is imperative, because it is not guaranteed that a $1500 grill will last for 20 years or cook substantially better than a cheaper grill.  it is entirely possible, though, if you select the product smartly!full disclosure on why i am being vague: i am in the industry so i am hesitant to say things that could be commercialized or come across advertising for me. i am happy to answer questions, but hesitant to point you in a particular direction. i hope this helps.edit: i misread $500-$1000 as $1500. i apologize. i think weber genesis is the best grill in the $500-1000 price range. you will replace some parts every 5 years or so, but it cooks great and lasts a long time with minimal maintenance. i'm gonna leave my original comment so everyone can see my lack of reading comprehension, but definitely go check out weber genesis and see if they are for you. if you are not impressed, you can safely go with disposable $150 grills knowing that is best for you! and here i am happy with my $150 weber kettle. i recently bought a 4 burner chargrill on clearance for 169 to replace my weber that finally fell apart. i take good care of it, cover it, and have replaced the grates and burners once. it is hanging in there.i am going back to a $500 grill for one reason: even heating. cheap grills have hot and cold spots, and it is worth the extra money for me to not burn my food. i had a cheap two-burner no-name brand special that cost about $150. it was small and heated unevenly but i knew that surface like the back of my hand and it lasted me a full ten years.when it came time to get a replacement, i thought, \"i'm a serious griller now, time for a serious grill.\" so i got a weber genesis for $800. it's great. it's solid. it heats evenly.but is it worth 5 $150 specials? i doubt it. there's nothing magical about it. i still have to worry about flare-ups. i think your approach is perfectly legit. the biggest difference is the durability, but to me the most important difference is that grills like the weber genesis cook fantastically. no fancy doodads and gizmos (except a fairly accurate propane gauge) and the entire surface cooks at the same temperature. i have never used a cheap grill that doesn't have at least a few significant temperature variations across it, except for the weber. it's also got a great warranty. just to be clear, i am not associated with weber in any way other than i own one and love it. quality.  quality vs quantityi know which i prefer. that $150 grill could very easily be $750 after you have replaced it 6 times during the lifespan of 1 grill worth $750. plus you don't have the benefit of better cooking quality. i just bought a weber 310 after a lifetime of the cheapo charbroil and i can tell you the build quality is much much better. and i'm cheap.  well, my genesis is 12 years old (in michigan) and looks and performs like new. ok, maybe it doesn't *look* new, but it's structurally and functionally sound. my parents get a new grill every few years and bitch about how shitty each one is. oh, btw i bought the genesis on craigslist for $100. also bought a one-touch platinum kettle for $65 in fair/good shape just this summer. parts for the webers last a long time and are cheap to replace usually.whether you go new or used, if you will use the grill more than 5x a year, buy a good one.  this is a 9 year old $500 grillhttp://i.imgur.com/6w7nurp.jpgi just made the first repair on it a few months ago (flavorizer bars, $50) i had a napoleon prestige 500 at my previous house, and when it had to stay behind when we moved i upgraded to a prestige 665 with the ir sideburner and rotisserie burner.  had the 500 for three years of fairly regular use (about what you described, other than generally not cooking outside below maybe -5) and it still looked close to new.  natural gas models in both cases, however. i absolutely love them both. i get solid and stable indirect cooking and the side burner gives an amazing sear on steaks. i have about half of the main grill area covered in grill grates to add a bit of extra ir and prevent losing veggies down through the grates. i\u2019ve only used the rotisserie burner a few times but found good success with that too. you can upgrade the cast iron grate on the ir sideburner to stainless steel, which i would recommend eventually as the iron was starting to flake after a few years but the stainless steel is still in great shape 18-24 months later. i have never had any other quality gas grills, and honestly at this point i never will since the napoleons have been so great.  i can\u2019t speak to other brands (other than looking at different weber and broil king models when shopping for the new grill for my new house) and deciding they weren\u2019t for me. very big recommendation from me. the rogue is very similar from what i understand, just a bit cheaper. i've had a variety of weber gas grills and absolutely love them. while the price is high, remember, they will last a lifetime and all of the parts are replaceable. you can also check places like let go, facebook marketplace, and craigslist for a used one and then buy all new grates or get a professional cleaning to make it shine like new. it is crazy how many people want to get rid of perfectly good grills that are relatively new, and could sparkle with a little time and effort.imo, if you are around the $1000 price point, nothing beats a geensis 335 (bottom cabinet doesnt matter as much as having a sear burner, the size is better than the smaller spirits made in china. the larger genesis isn't really needed and the summit is overkill). the e-335 is $949 at home depot right now. plenty of local grill stores might give you a discount if you bundle with a cover and some propane. or dont forget about rakutan and [topcashback.com](https://topcashback.com) for an added few percent off. chase also has had some home depot specific credits on their credit cards lately for 5% off if you check your rewards page.nothing against napoleon, they are the weber of canada, with similar build quality, slightly different approaches (i.e. stronger infrared sear burner, but not integrated into the main cook box) weber genesis three burner - had mine for 10 years and still love it. can\u2019t recommend it enough did you end up getting the rogue 425xt? i\u2019ve got that one my radar. the local shop said it would be worth it to upgrade to pretsige 500 rsib but that\u2019s $400 more and don\u2019t think the rotisserie is needed other than this line says  it\u2019s made in canada there are tons of well reputed manufacturers. i\u2018ll throw in a few: napoleon, broil king, r\u00f6sle, burnhard, beefer, bull, char broil, grandhall\u2026 look at napoleon too.i'm no grilling expert, but...1. i have one and love it2. visited my local \"outdoors\" shop, they raved about the quality of napoleon, since they do their own installations.  but their weber section was triple the size of their napoleon section. 3. youtube comparison videos (i like his videos https://youtube.com/c/embersfireplacesoutdoorliving) can\u2019t say much about other brands, but i have had weber my whole life and so has my dad. i actually have one my dads 97\u2019 weber genesis and it\u2019s probably the best grill i own. could easily go another 20 years >i have had a couple of weber gas grills and they are fine but i don\u2019t find them to be great quality long term.me and several other people around here are super happy with the quality of weber gas grills. have you considered that maybe it's a maintenance issue? do you clean your grill out regularly. ash can be corrosive, especially if you have moisture as well.other than the flavorizer bars, i haven't seen any deterioration on my grill in 4 years. i'm about due to replace my flavorizer bars, but that's to be expected and it's easy and not super expensive if you only have to do it every few years.i've heard of the cast iron grates rusting but i don't baby mine and they look great. never seen a hint of rust, but i use it constantly, never sits a whole week without being used at least once. i wouldn\u2019t say weber is the best but it is the most popular and they do have a very good warranty. problem is most big box stores don\u2019t carry more than a few different fast selling inexpensive brands because that\u2019s what sells. you need to go to a store that just sells grills or an online retailer like bbq guys kick ass grills the bbq depot just to name a few. the good thing about the online retailers is all the information you want about each grill is right there fuel type, construction, accessories, warranties, etc\u2026 you\u2019d be surprised there\u2019s so much more available than just weber. like someone already said there\u2019s napoleon that entered into webers price point a couple of years ago and i noticed a couple of the big stores started carrying the brand. it really boils down to your budget because once you get over that $1,000 level there really is a lot to choose from and then there\u2019s also the absolute absurd insanely priced grills that are just fun to look at. whether you go with weber or napoleon you can\u2019t go wrong they\u2019re very solid grills for the price. webster's are good, i got a nexgrill and would have to say it's just as good for less money. it's been serving me well for 4 years now and is all stainless-steel. best one i've ever owned. there are tons of options to choose from- although i will admit weber is an excellent brand. before switching to a weber, i used a napoleon and it did great as well. you can try looking at more options [here](https://dicksonbbq.com/) since this is were i initially found my grills. i love my broilking fwiw that all comes down to price range, weber is a good brand, viking is better, but the price difference is huge. personal experience but yes, i\u2019ve had great luck with weber. i\u2019ve had my spirit for about 9 years now and still works great, my charcoal kettle is bulletproof and i don\u2019t use the wsm anymore but it\u2019s still useable if needed. i wouldn\u2019t buy any other brand then a weber when it comes to a gas grill in this video we'll look into top 5 gas grill available on the market today we made this list based on research and customer reviews and surely our own opinion too we considered both quality and features of the grills as well as the value just to present you the best choices possible if you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned be sure to check the links in the description below so here's the top five gas grills the fifth product in our list is charbroil performance series gas grill this versatile four burner grill has a 435 square inches of cooking space placed on very durable porcelain coated iron grates additionally it has a 1 30 inch two swing away warming rack to prepare sides and buns the rust resistant porcelain coated cast iron grate of the unit has high heat retention and main cooking surface lets you to use 21.6 inches wide by 6 inches deep area in total it has led illuminated control knobs and also stainless steel finish increases the durability while elevates the appearance two door under cabinet got more than enough space so other than propane tank you can easily put your grilling tools and accessories inside it as well it has an electronic ignition so in a second it lights up just with the push of a button it features a 10 000 btu side burner and lid mounted temperature gauge so you can check the inside temperature of your grille without opening the lid moreover it features an easy to access durable porcelain coated grease pan that can be removed for an easier cleaning the unit's assembled dimensions are 50 inches wide 20 inches deep and 45.4 inches high pros and cons this quick and easy to assemble gas grill's biggest advantage is to be a budget friendly unit that's highly reliable from steaks to burgers chicken to sausages as a versatile unit with high quality material it allows you to grill almost anything perfectly it has excellent heat distribution and also got more than enough storage space however due to having too many parts unattached a symbol at first time might be a little bit confusing and tiring as very sturdy and durable grille char-broil performance series definitely one of best gas grill you can get even though it has lower price than many on the market no need to worry about quality and performance it works well enough to keep you pleased for long years [music] up next and the fourth position is monument clearview this gas grill with a clear view lid got four main stainless steel burners in one side with 60 000 bt used to grant powerful heat and performance built-in clear view lid of the unit that's made of tampered strong glass allows you to see inside easily so you don't need to open the lid and lose valuable heat to check the process of your food which also means cooking faster while clearview lets you to cook faster without opening the lid built-in center-mounted thermometer also helps you to monitor temperature inside the grill it offers 513 square inches of primary cooking area and 210 square inches of warming rack area so in total you can use 723 square inches of a very large cooking area with porcelain coated cast iron cooking grates and enamel flame tamers it promises even cooking every each time it also has electronic ignition system for effortless burner start in addition battery-powered blue led control knobs to bring light and fun to your night cooking stainless steel material makes the grill highly durable and easier to clean plus it makes burners and flame tamers heat up in minimum time side and sear burner features of the grill offer multiple cooking options simultaneously so you can warm your sauces on side or cook your side dish without going inside and with sear burner you can easily sear your steaks before or after grilling it uses ceramic infrared and reaches up to 800 degree temperature so delivers perfect caramelization and flavor double stainless steel doors provides large storage area not just for the tank and for your utensils too four locking heavy duty swivel casters lets you to position your grille effortlessly and lock into position when you need it stationary pros and cons this very well-designed and durable gas grill's major advantages to have multi-function cooking areas those all work perfectly as expected clear view lid also a big up for the unit because it lets you to cook faster without opening the lid besides being sturdy heat distribution of the grill is almost perfect too in addition to all those blue led control knobs add style as well we also need to mention it has an advantageous price on the other hand side burner seems like too powerful to cook delicate food other than having a sturdy design and very good at versatile usage monument clear vue is also a very durable grill with high quality stainless steel don't hesitate to get one if you still haven't found the gas grill that meets your needs well just keep watching because we got more grills on the way for you meanwhile if this is your first time checking out our channel be sure to subscribe and also hit the bell icon to receive notifications of upcoming videos our list's third product is royal gourmet zh-3002 this dual propane and charcoal grill combo unit gives you the chance of multi-choice for excellent performance and best favorite food it comes with five 79-inch two porcelain enameled cast-iron cooking grates and one 69-inch two stainless steel warming racks in total of 748 square inches same size 2 fireboxes allows you to access to dual cooking ways of charcoal and gas 3 stainless steel burners each got 8 500 btus power and got automatic ignition system to guarantee quick start every time stainless steel warm racks and cooking grates transfer the heat evenly and also makes the cleaning easier besides having a handy bottle opener on it user-friendly design of the grill also accommodates a side table with extensions two-door storage area got a cylinder for the gas tank for a safer usage and also got enough room for your additional cooking tools with height-adjustable charcoal pan you can easily fine-tune the level and control the temperature via the crank lid mounted dampers and invisible front air vent of the grill promote better air circulation without any need of opening the lid so no heat loss during grilling process it has two dampers for the air flow and integrated thermometer for each sides to make cleaning quicker there is a very practical pullout ash tray and grease tray with cup with 64 inch wide and 45 inch height it's very easy to position anywhere you want pros and cons this two in one grill got many advantages but the major one is to be seriously good at both grilling styles gas or charcoal grilling no matter which style you go it's going to deliver perfect results it has a practical design that makes grilling easier on your side so no need to look for items around or have to go inside during and the best part is it's not an expensive grill even though looks like it is but due to heat transfer it might be a little bit hard to adjust temperature between two chambers during charcoal and gas grilling simultaneously this amazingly designed combo grill provides satisfactory results every time and makes you to enjoy grilling for such long years as a premium grill royal gourmet zh3002 absolutely a high quality combo grill you won't regret to have it the second product in our list is napoleon rogue xt 625 this 69000 btus grill got 5 steel main burners plus a very effective infrared sizzle zone side burner in total it offers 935 inch two of cooking area while using cross lighting technology it ensures that if any of the burners accidentally goes out while lit it automatically reignites dual level stainless steel sear plates creative and heat distribution and also protects the burner to make em keep working for years without any issues porcelain coated cast iron with iconic wave shape of the grid provides balanced and even heat transfer also prevents smaller food pieces to fall into the grill infrared side burner reaches up to 1800 degree for perfectly seared full of juice steaks its high lid allows you to grill larger cuts of meat with excellent results every time for the extra space the grill offers you to use folding size shelves that you can easily fold accu probe feature of the grill gauges the temperature precisely so you can always be in total control during grilling pros and cons this neat and compact design grill's advantages are to have a large grilling area that's enough for anything you want to cook to have a high lid that allows you to grill larger meats and high heat apply side burner that's ideal for searing also the design of the grid allows you to clean drip pan relatively easier and it heats up very quickly but to assemble it quickly and without any issues you probably will need at least two people seems like some of the purchasers got problems to assemble the grill this grill not just have a very well thought design but also cooks to perfection too even cooking in the firebox proper searing on the side infrared side burner quickly napoleon rogue xt 625 gas grill makes it right and lets you to enjoy your food with high satisfaction without thinking twice you should have it before we reveal number one be sure to check out the description for the latest prices on the grills and also subscribe if you want to stay updated of the best products on the market [music] our list number one place belongs to weber genesis spx 435 this grill creates a full backyard culinary experience and allows you to sear roast bake steam and even stir-fry by simply replacing the grate with many custom fit grill wares weber connect smart technology of the unit makes perfectly grilled food every single time without leaving it to chance with this feature you get real-time food temperature alerts reminders also flip and serve notifications on your phone weber connect app features the recipes and cook programs but that's not all with the app you can also set temperature alerts and even get a notification when gas is low the large sear zone lets you to grill multiple stakes at once and cook all of them perfectly for everyone weber crafted outdoor kitchen collection gives you opportunity to use the grill for searing roasting steam bake even stir fry just by replacing the grate with custom grill ware such as flat top for burgers baking stone for pizza roasting basket for veggies dual sided sea are great for restaurant quality steaks wok and steamer for different foods rotisserie skewers for kebabs dutch oven for creamy mushrooms it gives you almost unlimited possibilities for cooking outdoors that tastes even better this unit got weber's largest sear zone ever so too big is just a joke for it genesis spx 435 gives you extra large space that you need for prep and service and the expandable top cooking grate provides a second level of grilling capacity to cook an entire meat at one time the lights for nighttime creating a stylish look and makes you to see controls easily you can power the grill's display by plugging it into outlet or use an external power bank that can be clipped in under the side table hooks for your grilling tools and storage locker for everything else you need pull out grease management tray of the grill makes cleaning quicker additionally it comes with a remarkable 12-year warranty pros and cons this premium grill got too many advantages to fit into a sentence surely but obs one is to be a real versatile unit that allows you to cook any way you want and the most important part is it cooked perfectly in all cooking styles the smart app feature makes you to grill without worrying about under or overcooked steaks handy design that has a large side prep area is just another advantage of the grill besides having a big cooking area the expandable top cooking grate provides a second cooking surface which is even larger than many grills on the market however the price is probably the only downside of this grill but we think it's definitely worthy of it weber genesis spx 435 is everything you need to grill anything you want without a doubt this top class grill is the best you can have it won't disappoint you so better to get one [music] that's all for this time folks thanks for watching if we manage to help you out in any aspect please hit the like and subscribe button we'll see you in the next videos [music] you  \ufeffthe coyote s-series?! the weber summit black or\u00a0\nweber genesis? perhaps the napoleon prestige or\u00a0\u00a0 the bull lonestar? which one should you buy?!\nin this video, we will be looking at the top five\u00a0\u00a0 propane bbq grills available on the market today\u00a0\nand will tell you which one is best for you!\n\u00a0 we made this list based on our own opinions,\u00a0\nresearch, and customer reviews. we've considered\u00a0\u00a0 their quality, features, and values when\u00a0\nnarrowing down the best choices possible.\u00a0\u00a0 if you want more information and updated\u00a0\npricing on the products mentioned,\u00a0\u00a0 be sure to check the links in\u00a0\nthe description box below.\n\u00a0 so, here are the top five\u00a0\nbest propane bbq grills\n\u00a0 the fifth product on this\u00a0\nlist is the weber genesis. \n\u00a0 discover all the possibilities of grilling with\u00a0\nthe weber genesis, which opens up a universe of\u00a0\u00a0 options, whether it be meat, fish, or veggies.\u00a0\nit has an expandable top cooking grate that\u00a0\u00a0 creates a significant second level of grilling\u00a0\ncapacity so that you can execute an entire meal\u00a0\u00a0 at one time. we like that it has an extra-large\u00a0\nsear station for grilling multiple steaks at once\u00a0\u00a0 so that everyone can eat their perfectly cooked\u00a0\nsteaks at the same time. with the weber crafted\u00a0\u00a0 outdoor kitchen collection, you can make food\u00a0\nthat you never thought possible in a grill;\u00a0\u00a0 sear, roast, bake and even stir-fry by\u00a0\nsimply replacing the grate with a variety\u00a0\u00a0 of custom-fit grillware. we found that you\u00a0\ncan use the convenient side burner to create\u00a0\u00a0 the perfect outdoor kitchen at your grill and\u00a0\nuse the simmer bbq sauce or saut\u00e9 vegetables\u00a0\u00a0 while the main course grills under the lid.\nadditionally, it has easy grease management,\u00a0\u00a0 so you can spend less time cleaning; simply\u00a0\npull the grease tray out and scrape it away. \n\u00a0 what's more? it is a solution to all of your\u00a0\nstorage needs, and the grill locker fits all\u00a0\u00a0 your accessories and extensive grilling tools. \nso if you want to spend more time cooking amazing\u00a0\u00a0 meals outside this summer,\u00a0\nthis is a great choice. \n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it is a multi-use grill that\u00a0\u00a0 allows you to bake or grill simultaneously.\n* it has an expandable top that adds a second\u00a0\u00a0 level of capacity: and\n* it has a lid that allows\u00a0\u00a0 you to saute vegetables.\n\u00a0 however, \n* it might take\u00a0\u00a0 a while for you to put it together.\nthe weber genesis is great because\u00a0\u00a0 it helps you cook more at the same time and\u00a0\nis very well suited to large families.\n  \n\u00a0 up next in fourth place is the bull lonestar.\nhaving a big grill has its perks, but sometimes\u00a0\u00a0 you don't have the space. bring in the bull\u00a0\nlonestar propane grill. with four welded\u00a0\u00a0 stainless steel bar burners, built to last for\u00a0\nyears. the whole grill is only thirty-two inches\u00a0\u00a0 long and twenty-five inches deep, but it comes\u00a0\npacked with sixty thousand btus of cooking power.\u00a0\u00a0 it heats up fast and is ready in minutes to cook,\u00a0\nsear, and grill all your favorite cuts of meat or\u00a0\u00a0 vegetables. the body of the grill is made with\u00a0\n304 stainless steel, with a dual-lined hood to\u00a0\u00a0 keep that heat in. the grill grates are made of\u00a0\nsolid stainless steel and are easy to keep clean.\u00a0\u00a0 with the eight hundred and ten inches of cooking\u00a0\narea and a warming rack, you have plenty of space\u00a0\u00a0 to go to cook for a big 4th of july party. \nwe found that there are piezo igniters on every\u00a0\u00a0 valve plus twin flame projectors all down the\u00a0\nheating bars. the heating bars under the main\u00a0\u00a0 grill spread the flames out for an even heating\u00a0\narea, with no annoying cold or hot spots. they are\u00a0\u00a0 also super simple to ignite with its built-in\u00a0\nclicker. no need to risk your hands over the\u00a0\u00a0 open flames. lastly, you'll appreciate that\u00a0\nwhen you close the lid to keep the heat in,\u00a0\u00a0 there is a conveniently placed thermostat\u00a0\nto keep track of the heat inside.\n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it's made of stainless\u00a0\u00a0 steel material for long life and usage.\n* it has even heat distribution over\u00a0\u00a0 the whole cooking area: and\n* it has an easy igniting system\u00a0\u00a0 that keeps your hands safe\nhowever, \n\u00a0 * some users find the burners\u00a0\nto be quite loud.\n\u00a0 the bull lonestar is ideal for someone who wants\u00a0\nto be able to gill a lot at once but doesn't have\u00a0\u00a0 the space for a traditional grill. \nstill haven't found a propane bbq grill\u00a0\u00a0 that meets your needs? well, keep watching\u00a0\nbecause we have more lined up for you.\n\u00a0 meanwhile, if this is your\u00a0\nfirst time visiting our channel,\u00a0\u00a0 be sure to subscribe and hit the bell icon to\u00a0\nreceive notifications of our next videos.\n\u00a0 the third product on this list\u00a0\nis the napoleon prestige.\n\u00a0 this next unit is a slick grill as impressive as\u00a0\nits title sounds. the prestige pro 500 propane gas\u00a0\u00a0 grill with its infrared rear and side burners\u00a0\nis a professional-style grill. we like that it\u00a0\u00a0 is built with high-quality, high-performance;\u00a0\nfeatures making grilling easy and impressive.\u00a0\u00a0 it has a shining stainless steel body that\u00a0\nprovides durability against the elements,\u00a0\u00a0 while chrome details add a touch of luxury.\u00a0\nthe same high-quality stainless steel is used\u00a0\u00a0 for the cooking grids, tube burners, sear\u00a0\nplates, and basins. we found that you can\u00a0\u00a0 grill steak effortlessly like a pro using\u00a0\nthe 1800 degrees side burner to create the\u00a0\u00a0 perfect sear. another advantage is that it has\u00a0\nan illuminated cooking area and interior storage,\u00a0\u00a0 soft close doors, and spacious side shelves,\u00a0\nwhich are just a few of the features.\n\u00a0 the led spectrum night light control knobs also\u00a0\nhave limitless color options that make nighttime\u00a0\u00a0 entertaining a breeze. napoleon has enhanced\u00a0\nthe oldest form of cooking via infrared heat;\u00a0\u00a0 the infrared sizzle zone burners work by forcing\u00a0\nignited gas through thousands of small holes in a\u00a0\u00a0 ceramic plate. it also glows red to indicate when\u00a0\nthe gas is left on as a safety feature. lastly,\u00a0\u00a0 we particularly like that it has double doors for\u00a0\nextra storage and the easy roll locking casters so\u00a0\u00a0 you can position it perfectly on your patio. \nits pros are;\n\u00a0 * it utilizes advanced gas-powered\u00a0\ninfrared ceramic burners for a more\u00a0\u00a0 consistent cooking experience.\n* it is made of stainless steel\u00a0\u00a0 which makes it durable for years to come: and\n* it is intuitive to use, so anyone can use it\u00a0\u00a0 effectively\nhowever, \n\u00a0 * some users find that it\u00a0\nis challenging to assemble.\n\u00a0 the napoleon prestige is a fantastic\u00a0\noutdoor grill that makes cooking up big\u00a0\u00a0 meals more straightforward, allowing\u00a0\nyou to enjoy more family time. \n\u00a0 the second product on this\u00a0\nlist is the coyote s-series.\n\u00a0 nothing is more frustrating than having a\u00a0\ndelicious steak burn because it was placed\u00a0\u00a0 in an overheated area. that is why this grill\u00a0\nis constructed with performance-enhancing\u00a0\u00a0 heat control grids that minimize flare-ups and\u00a0\ndistribute heat evenly across the entire surface.\u00a0\u00a0 this helps eliminate hot spots and cold spots,\u00a0\nand everything on the grill is cooked at the\u00a0\u00a0 same speed. we love the stainless steel\u00a0\ncooking bars with a double-walled canopy\u00a0\u00a0 and hand-welded lid and wall with seamless\u00a0\nedges to keep that heat trapped inside. \n\u00a0 moreover, this gas grill is powered by three\u00a0\ndurable cast stainless steel burners which can\u00a0\u00a0 deliver up to eighty thousand btus of cooking\u00a0\npower. we loved the removable heating rack that\u00a0\u00a0 keeps your food up off the burner, so it doesn't\u00a0\novercook but stays hot till you are ready to eat.\u00a0\u00a0 the igniting system is easy and safe;\u00a0\nsimply push and turn the gas knob.\u00a0\u00a0 you also have a rotisserie spit\u00a0\nthat can be placed across the\u00a0\u00a0 grill to have an even cooked chicken\u00a0\nor similar-sized fowl. additionally,\u00a0\u00a0 there is an integrated temperature monitor on the\u00a0\nlid to track how hot the inside of the grill is.\u00a0\u00a0 as grills go, this one is very versatile\u00a0\nand a good option for any household. \n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it has a performance-enhancing\u00a0\u00a0 heat control grids that cook more evenly\n* it is made of high-quality stainless\u00a0\u00a0 steel for the longevity of the grill: and\n* it has an easy and safe ignition system\n\u00a0 however, \n* the grill bars can\u00a0\u00a0 be difficult to clean if they are left out.\nthe coyote s-series is a well-designed unit\u00a0\u00a0 for those who like to grill a wide\u00a0\nvariety of different foods.\n\u00a0 before we reveal number one, be sure to check out\u00a0\u00a0 the description below for the newest\u00a0\ndeals on each of these items. and,\u00a0\u00a0 be sure to subscribe if you want to stay up to\u00a0\ndate on the best products on the market.\n\u00a0 finally, the top propane bbq\u00a0\ngrill is the weber summit black. \n\u00a0 the weber summit black is angled to precisely the\u00a0\nright pitch to direct juices down and away from\u00a0\u00a0 the burners and create a flavorsome smoke effect\u00a0\nwithout the fire flaring upon you or covering the\u00a0\u00a0 burners in a burnt mess that you would have to\u00a0\nclean later. you will find easy-to-follow step\u00a0\u00a0 illustrated instructions that will have the grill\u00a0\nbuilt and put together in under an hour when you\u00a0\u00a0 open the box. we love how this grill heats\u00a0\nup just right to get that perfect searing.\u00a0\u00a0 the 10600 btu per hour burner is designed to\u00a0\ndeliver the optimal heat no matter what you're\u00a0\u00a0 cooking up. we also like the rear-mounted\u00a0\nrotisserie burner with a flip-up motor and\u00a0\u00a0 separate spit and fork storage system. the motor\u00a0\nspins the meat, so you get nice even cooking.\u00a0\u00a0 meanwhile, the knobs and led lights give off\u00a0\na bright glow making it easy to get precise\u00a0\u00a0 control over the grill's temperature, even in\u00a0\nlow light. there is also a smoker box that helps\u00a0\u00a0 give your meat that genuine barbecue flavor. \nfinally, the polished stainless steel finish and\u00a0\u00a0 trim make it able to withstand weather\u00a0\nand the elements for years to come.\n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it has an attachable\u00a0\u00a0 rotisserie for slow cooking meat\n* it is designed to keep the draining\u00a0\u00a0 oils and juices from causing flare- ups: \n* it has a stainless steel finish to\u00a0\u00a0 protect it even if left outdoors; and\n* it has a burner on the right that can\u00a0\u00a0 be used with pots and pans\nhowever, \n\u00a0 * its large surface area can be\u00a0\ntime-consuming to clean.\n\u00a0 the weber summit black is a brilliantly\u00a0\nmade propane grill for those who take their\u00a0\u00a0 barbecuing seriously and want a reliable\u00a0\nunit with all the bells and whistles.\n\u00a0 that's all for now. thanks for watching!\u00a0\nif we helped you out in any way,\u00a0\u00a0 please hit the like and subscribe button.\u00a0\nwe'll see you guys in the next videos!  in today's video we'll look into best charcoal grills on the market we prepared this list based on research and customer reviews and considered criteria such as price capacity mobility and versatility if you want more information and updated pricing on the units mentioned check the links in the description below so here's the top 5 charcoal grill number five the fifth product on our list is royal gourmet cc1830s this charcoal grill with offset smoker offers you spacious grilling space with convenient racks front and side tables for seasonings and plates 443 square inch primary cooking surfaces featured porcelain enameled steel cooking grates to make cleaning easier and it has a 184 square inch chrome plated warming rack as a secondary cooking space and also keeps your food warm shoe level height adjustable charcoal pan lets you regulate heat precisely and holds up to 4.4 pounds of charcoal for all types of grilling tasks to cook with confidence and be sure of temperature it accommodates thermometer gauge that helps monitoring the cooking temperature inside chamber the 184 square inch offset smoker that's firmly attached to the grill provides texas style barbecue while ensures ideal circulation of smoke and heat and with practical design you can easily open side door to add charcoal or remove ashes it's equipped with two durable wheels for stability and mobility so transporting it around your backyard or patio is no big deal large size side table with 3s hooks is made of steel for extra durability and provides you a practical storage area to hang your grill tools it weights in 54.3 pounds and dimensions are 53 by 28 inch with a 49 inch height in addition to a one-year warranty it comes with all grill parts and cover pros and cons this convenient charcoal grills pros are adjustable charcoal pan makes temperature control easier for steakhouse sear or slow cooking it has a large primary grill grate with a functional warming rack it's a budget-friendly grill with a decent built quality and quite handy features however offset smoker box is too small and it can overheat if you make a large fire while hinges on top are not 100 watertight plus some assembly is required so if you're not experienced better to look for some help overall royal gourmet charcoal grill with offset smoker is versatile enough to grill a variety of foods for whole family and friends it offers you a large cooking space and portable enough to move around with ease number four up next and the fourth position is monument grills 52 101 this charcoal grill has a 558 square inch of total cooking area that includes 375 primary and 183 square inch warming rack area it features a convenient front fuel window so charcoal can be easily and quickly added to liftable charcoal board which lets you adjust the firepower to ensure best temperature of food easy to access ashtray collects all ash and lets you clean up by pulling out with the handlebar the handy vents design provides optimal air circulation for an effective combustion and built-in thermometer helps you to monitor internal temperature precisely it has two side shelves to provide large space for tools and foods with foldable design that makes storage easier in a compact space besides large bottom shelf for additional storage space it's equipped with two large rolling wheels to make you move it anywhere you need the cooking grid is porcelain wire material with a size of 22.6 by 16.6 inch the grille itself weights 66 pounds and dimensions are 55 by 19 inch with a 42.5 inch height and lastly it comes with a one-year warranty pros and cons this charcoal grills pros are adjustable charcoal pan works smoothly without making you getting overheated it's an affordable grill with decent quality material the thermometer reflects temperature changes very quickly and precisely to make you sure of cooking process on the other hand even though instructions are very clear and helping assembly might take a couple of hours if you're doing it alone it might be a frustrating task to do especially for inexperienced ones at the end monument grills 52 101 is a well-built and very durable charcoal grill with a quite large cooking space that will be enough to feed everybody convenient and durable enough to last while it has an advantageous price all in all it's a solid buy for the money if you still haven't found the charcoal grill that meets your needs just keep watching because we have more units on the way for you meanwhile if this is your first time checking out our content subscribe and also hit the bell icon to receive notifications of upcoming videos number three our list's third product is royal gourmet deluxe this 30 inch charcoal grill offers a spacious cooking space with a total 719 square inch grilling area and lid mounted temperature gauge indicates temperature change almost instantly it has 498 square inch porcelain enameled steel wire grates an additional 221 square inch chrome plated steel wire warming rack that's more than enough for barbecue parties it has height adjustable charcoal pan with an easy to handle crank handle so fine-tuning the temperature to cook food efficiently is just a breeze it can hold charcoal up to 7.5 pounds while sliding ashtray promises a hassle-free cleanup you can also slide damper open to raise or lower temperature with lid mounted stack collapsible tables with s hooks create a convenient workspace for food and tools and dual wheels help you to move the grille with minimum effort it weights 70 pounds dimensions are 58.7 by 27.6 inch with a 50 inch height it comes with side table paper towel holder and one year warranty pros and cons this stainless steel charcoal grills pros are it's a highly durable grille with heavy duty material that will last for years convenient front access door allows you to add charcoal during long grilling sessions collapsible tables with hooks help with storage especially on a patio or deck with limited space and it also provides easy access to grilling tools and food but even though it has an over average quality it's a pricey grill compared to equivalents plus ash collector pan requires some extra care while pulling out to prevent a mess especially if you don't want to end up cleaning the ashes from your shoes eventually royal gourmet deluxe is a highly durable charcoal grill that's made to last and provides a convenient use with collapsible tables it's versatile and large enough for barbecue parties with friends and family number two the second product in our list is weber performer this premium charcoal grills cart frame is formed with heavy duty steel and porcelain enameled lid and bowl are fused to the steel for extra durability with dust free aluminum tampers with safe to touch lit handle you can control the heat in the grille easily by adjusting the oxygen level it's equipped with a precise thermometer that measures the chamber temperature during cooking process and foldable side table keeps platters seasonings and tools within arm's reach it has an lcd countdown cook timer and you can use it as attached to grill or remove to take it with you besides three front tool hooks it has pull out charcoal storage bin to provide a convenient way to store charcoal wear and when you need it in addition it has a wire shelf on the bottom to keep tools off the ground and two large wheels to make the grille easy to move while the casters lock in place to keep the unit moving while you cook it features one touch cleaning system that provides hassle-free cleanup of ash and debris and lets you swipe it into removable ash catcher as ash sweeper slides for an efficient cleaning you can slide the lid over to the side of the grill and tuck it away safely to avoid placing it on the ground while cooking it comes with two charcoal holders made of aluminized steel so you can easily move the charcoal to be placed by the bowl for an indirect cooking in the middle it waits in 91 pounds and dimensions are 48 by 30 inch with a 48 inch height and lastly it comes with a striking 10-year warranty on the lid and bowl pros and cons this sleek design charcoal grills pros are it's not just looking good but also an easy to use grill with practical design 10-year warranty proves the quality of the grill as weber stands behind it with one touch cleaning system and large capacity removable ash catcher it's easy to clean in maintenance on the cons side sadly price is the main drawback of this premium grill and even though we think it's definitely worth of the price still it might be extravagant for some at the end weber performer is a top-notch grill with a convenient design that makes things a lot easier for you it has many handy features while 10-year warranty makes the deal even better no need to overthink to have one before we reveal number one be sure to check out the description for the latest prices on the charcoal grills and also don't forget to like the video number one our list number one place belongs to dyna glow dgn 576 snc this cost-effective charcoal grill with dual chamber offers practicality and versatility without making you to spend a fortune it has a 576 primary and a 240 square inch secondary cooking area has a total 816 square inch grilling area it features dual charcoal tray adjustment cranks to raise and lower each tray effortlessly while removable firebox divider lets you to create two separate cooking chambers so it's an easily customizable grill for your personal needs cast iron cooking plates coated with porcelain enameled finish for maximum durability and optimal heat transfer to the food by searing outside within natural juices stainless steel lid with double wall liner retain heat for an efficient grilling and smokestack is designed for an easy adjustment for flavor control sliding side dampers are located on both sides for additional temperature control it has an easy to access removable ash pan and multi-directional wheels with lock casters for stability during grilling and a precise temperature gauge it also has a stainless steel bottle opener for additional enjoyment two side shelves to provide space for food preps and bottom storage basket to stage charcoal and tools it weights in 112 pounds and dimensions are 60 by 50.5 inch with a 28 inch height and lastly it comes with a one year warranty pros and cons this dual chamber charcoal grills pros are heavy duty stainless steel construction makes it a highly durable grille that will last for years it provides a large cooking space with dual fireboxes as both separately adjustable in a simple way compared to equivalents with similar quality it's a budget-friendly grill with top quality in addition it has a large warming rack and a surprising portability for a large capacity grille on the other hand with 112 pounds of weight assembly can take a long time due to heavy parts especially if you're setting it up alone also a longer warranty would be better overall this dyna glow charcoal grill offers a lot of durability and versatility with an advantageous price you can get perfectly grilled food from this moderately priced unit so no need to hesitate to get one because it's not going to disappoint you that's all for this time thanks for watching if we manage to help you out in any aspect please hit the like and subscribe for more we'll see you in the next videos [music]  foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] [music] foreign [music]  hey guys! in this video, we\u2019re going to look at the\ntop five gas grills available on the market today. we made this list based on our own\nopinion, research, and customer reviews. we\u2019ve considered their quality, features, and values\nwhen narrowing down the best choices possible. if you want more information and updated pricing\non the products mentioned, be sure to check the links in the description box below.\nso, here are the top five best gas grills. the fifth product on our list is the dyna-glo\ndgg424rnp-d 3 burner red lp gas grill. when it comes to grills, dyna-glo is one of\nthe most trusted brands. the ghp group owns this brand, and they have more than a hundred\nyears of experience. also, they\u2019ve always been known for their durability and efficiency.\nthe dyna-glo dgg424rnp-d 3 burner red lp gas grill is one of their products under this\nbrand. this gas grill comes with a lot of cooking\nspace \u2013 a total of 542 total square inches to be exact. it also comes with 425 primary\nsquare inches of cooking space that can fit up to 18 4 \u00bd-inch burgers. moreover, it has\nequiheat technology that provides even heat distribution using three stainless steel tube\nburners. it can deliver up to 36,000 total btu. it has an easy-to-use integrated ignition\nthat makes start-ups hassle-free. you are sure to cook steaks, vegetables, and brats\nfor everyone with ease. as the product name suggests, this dyna-glo\ngas grill comes in red because of its red porcelain-coated steel lid with black end\ncaps. it\u2019s designed with gloss porcelain-enameled wire cooking grates that provide an ideal\nsurface for retaining and transferring heat straight to the food. finally, it comes with\nfour caster wheels to move the gas grill anywhere you want. this powerful grill will be a lovely\naddition to your backyard or patio. you will be holding fun barbeque weekend parties in\nno time. its pros are:\n* it provides a spacious cooking space; * it gives strong heating power; and\n* it is easy and convenient to use. however,\n* it doesn\u2019t include a cover. the dyna-glo dgg424rnp-d 3 burner red lp gas\ngrill is perfect for beginners and those who enjoy putting together backyard picnics. up next in the fourth place is the 5-burner\nbroil king regal s590 pro gas grill. this grill is one of the best that uses natural\ngas. using a natural gas grill allows you to utilize the natural gas line in your house.\nit is more economical, environmentally friendly, and you won\u2019t need to worry about running\nout of fuel. but if natural gas isn\u2019t your thing, broil king has a propane-compatible\nversion. regal s590 has five primary burners that can\nprovide 55,000 btu. that\u2019s more than enough to its 625 square inch box. this gas grill\ncan sustain a steady internal temperature of 300\u00b0f. so, if you enjoy grilling racks\nof ribs, roasts, or even pizza, this is a perfect gas grill. moving on, just below the\nburners, there\u2019s a large two-door cabinet with shelves. it\u2019s a perfect place for your\ngrilling tools like your tools, brushes, wood chips, and grilling planks. there is also\na side burner on the left side. you can use it for cooking with a pot or pan. even with\nthis feature, there\u2019s still enough space for food preparation and serving.\nyou can also use this gas grill at night without hassle. its led-illuminated gas grill will\nmake it easy for you to do so. you cant peacefully leave it outdoors as it can be closed and\nleft at rest with its cover. its pros are:\n* it has a huge cooking space despite having an additional side burner;\n* it provides controlled and even heating; and\n* it comes with a lifetime warranty with a 10-year limited warranty on parts and paint.\nhowever, the cons are, * it can be expensive; and\n* the electric starter can be difficult to use sometimes.\nget the broil king regal s590 pro gas grill if you\u2019re looking for longevity and versatility.\nalso, this is a good pick if you prefer using natural gas. the third product on our list is the weber\nspirit ii e-210 2-burner liquid propane grill. this grill is made for small spaces. but despite\nits size, it\u2019s still packed with a lot of features. one of which is the powerful gs4\ngrilling system. it also comes with porcelain-enameled cast-iron cooking grates, a porcelain-enameled\nlid, built-in lid thermometer, fold-down left side table, open cart design, fuel gauge,\nstainless steel heat deflector, and panel frame.\nthis gas grill is igrill 3 compatible. it is an additional accessory line. it comes\nwith bluetooth temperature probes that you can use to monitor your cooking via a companion\napp. it is perfect when you\u2019re cooking food that takes a lot of time to grill. the igrill\nsystem will watch your cooking for you while you do other things for your backyard party.\nspirit ii e-210 uses a standard 20lb lp tank, which you can place on a side rack that has\na sliding gauge mechanism. this gas grill can promise consistent performance even through\nheavy use. your burgers will always have that good char. and with weber\u2019s 10-year warranty\nthat covers all the grill parts, you will be using this gas grill for a long time. moreover,\nspirit ii e-210 is less expensive compare to other gas grills like the broil king regal\ns590. so, you\u2019ll be able to enjoy weekend cookouts at an affordable price.\nits pros are: * with its durability and price, it\u2019s practical;\n* it doesn\u2019t take up a lot of space; * it\u2019s igrill 3 compatible; and\n* it comes with a 10-year warranty. however,\n* it lacks a side burner and a cabinet. if you\u2019re looking for a gas grill that\u2019s\naffordable, durable, and compact, you should go for weber spirit ii e-210 2-burner liquid\npropane grill. the second product on our list is the cuisinart\ncgg-7400 propane, full-size four burner gas grill.\ncgg-7400 is cuisinart\u2019s first full-sized gas grill. it doesn\u2019t have all the bells\nand whistles that other gas grills have, but it is built and designed to last. it comes\nin a stainless steel design that\u2019s simple and durable. you can rest assured that you\nwill be using this gas grill for quite some time.\nit comes with four individually controlled stainless steel burners that give out up to\n40,000 btu cooking power. you will not worry about cooking space. the grill comes with\na 443 square inch of cooking space plus a 167 square inch of warming rack. there are\ntwo 18 x 13-inch side tables that you can use for food preparation. moreover, it has\na built-in thermometer that monitors and maintains the even heat distribution across the grill.\na little bonus is the built-in bottle opener to enjoy your favorite drinks while waiting\nfor your food. the cast-iron grate is easy to remove, which\nmakes cleaning the grill a breeze. it has a drip tray that collects grease and drippings\nfrom your cooking. it helps the gas grill stay in its tip-top shape hassle-free. you\ncan move it around and conveniently put it aside once the party\u2019s over.\nits pros are: * it\u2019s well-made and easy to clean;\n* you can fold the side tables for more working space; and\n* it\u2019s easy to assemble; however,\n* the heat tends to run hotter in the center; with its durable design and ample working\nspace, this grill is perfect for large families who regularly enjoy weekend cookouts in their\nbackyard. before we reveal number one, be sure to check\nout the description below for the newest deals on each of these items. and, be sure to subscribe\nif you want to stay up to date on the best products on the market. finally, our top gas grill is the dyna-glo\ndgp552ssp-d premier 5 burner propane gas grill. as mentioned earlier, dyna-glo is one of the\ngo-to brands when it comes to gas grills. this premium grill proves just that. dgp takes\nthe barbeque cooking experience to a whole new level. you are up for limitless options\nthanks to its cooking power, quality construction, and impressive features that will make grilling\neasy and hassle-free. it comes with a stainless steel finish. it\u2019s\naesthetically appealing and useful as it makes the gas grill easy to clean and maintain.\nit has five primary stainless steel tube burners powered by equiheat technology to provide\neven heat distribution. together, they deliver 60,000 btus. aside from these five burners,\nthere\u2019s also an additional 12,000 btu side burner that includes a flush-mounted cover.\nthis a welcome extra feature as it can help you whip up those juicy sauce to match your\ngrilled dishes. it comes with a hassle-free quick-start integrated\nignition and built-in thermometer to help you achieve perfectly cooked food. more importantly,\nthis dyna-glo gas grill has 769 total square inches of cooking space. that\u2019s big enough\nto fit up to 23 4.5-inch burgers. if that\u2019s not enough, it also comes with a 552 square\ninches of primary cooking space. so, time to invite your friends as you already have\neverything you need to host a barbeque party in your backyard.\nits pros are: * it comes with a huge cooking space; and\n* it\u2019s easy to use from power-up to cooking and cleaning.\nhowever, * you have to buy the cover separately; and\n* it does not have a timer if you want to become the bbq boss you were\nalways meant to be, upgrade your backyard or patio with the sleek and powerful premier\n5 burner natural gas grill from dyna-glo. that\u2019s all for now. thanks for watching!\nif we helped you out in any way, please hit the like and subscribe button. we\u2019ll see\nyou guys in the next videos!  what's up guys today's video is on the top 5 best grills through extensive research and testing i've put together a list of options that will meet the needs of different types of buyers so whether it's price performance or its particular use we've got you covered for more information on the products i've included links in the description box down below which are updated for the best prices like the video comment and don't forget to subscribe now let's get started starting at number five we have the weber genesis the weber genesis 2e 310 is a beauty it's big it's sleek and it's sturdy this glorious gas grill comes as either propane or natural gas if you want to switch from propane to natural gas you can use weber's conversion kit the genesis has three burners giving you a decent temperature range for cooking this gives you a lot of flexibility in one station whether it's advanced techniques like two zone cooking or just or high heat searing weber's signature flavorizer bars help vaporize any runoff which helps infuse your cooked meat with more juice they funnel drippings that haven't been vaporized into the drip tray for you to remove after cooking the e310s heat deflectors help reduce flare-ups and ensure consistent cooking temperatures meanwhile the grill's flavorizer bars and porcelain coated grates ensure superb heat retention all these features combine to form a high performance grille that doesn't suffer from hot spots or heat leakage like its competitors propane costs can be high in the long term but this grill is fuel efficient enough to give you significant savings moving on at number four we have the char-broil 463 673 519 performance series 2 burner cabinet liquid propane gas grill char-broil has perfectly towed the line between affordable and high quality for years it's what they've built their success upon and there aren't many brands out there who do it as well as they do if you're shopping on a budget then the char-broil performance 300 could be the perfect fit despite its price the grill hood is built with stainless steel and the cooking surface features beautiful porcelain enameled cast iron grates the cooking surface is built for excellent performance and maximum durability there's also a lot to be said for the placement of its ignition button which sits perfectly between the burner control knobs nothing like a bit of symmetry to satisfy my obsessive need for aesthetics the grill only has two burners which is what explains the budget entry point however two burners are still workable for creating dual heat zones and should be more than up to the job for newcomers or casual grillers it features a removable drip bowl to help with easy cleaning and it has storage and resting space by the bucket loop at number three we have the royal gourmet gg21012 burner cabinet liquid propane gas grill this is one of the best value for money grills out there at the moment it's another stripped back two burner gas grill that helps save on space but with 24 000 btus it offers a bit more kick to it unlike a lot of other similar models it also has a 96 square inch warming rack to help provide more cooking space for you to work with grill delicious foods for friends and family with the royal gourmet two burner 24 000 btu patio liquid propane gas grill these components work hand in hand to ensure fast high and consistent heat over 300 square inches of cooking grates and 105 sq in porcelain warming rack secondary cooking surface providing plenty of cooking space the durable lid structure is highlighted by a double wall liner to retain heat thermometer is built in porcelain enamel grill top and can measure grilling zone temperature exactly four lockable casters allowing you to easily removing the grill its coated cast iron is remarkably strong making it not just durable but ridiculously easy to clean at number two we have the napoleon grills prestige 500 natural gas grill the napoleon prestige 500 is a great cooker for people who want a high-end north american product that's built to last and packed full of raw grilling power i love almost everything napoleon produces they just ooze class but are durable and powerful enough to show that they are not just style over substance it's a fantastic four burner grill that comes with infrared burners a side burner and rotisserie to give you plenty of options when it's time for you to cook the backlit controls on the napoleon prestige let you know which burners are on making the grill both easier and safer to use what really sets napoleon apart is its unique wave-like great design these are designed to help spread cooking temperatures more effectively and reduce the appearance of any unwanted sear marks don't worry if you like these marks that's what the side burner is for its control dashboard is backlit so you know which burners are in use at all times the napoleon prestigious grates are in a wave pattern to help improve heat distribution and cooking efficiency napoleon grills are built to last and this is proved with the incredible 10-year warranty offered by the brand if the brand is that confident in the prestige you should be too and finally at number one we have the broil king 958 344 regal s590 pro gas grill king's regal range is great for anyone wanting american-made grills that are packed full of added features but all at an affordable price the regal range joins broil king's imperial series as the brand's most top of the line offering royal king's regal has dual burners that help distribute cooking heat evenly and efficiently despite this both ranges have continued to sit within an affordable price range the broil king regal fits in an awful lot considering this from sideburners and extra rotisseries to control knob lights and pull out tank drawers the grill has the feeling of a utility belt and barbecue form but central to the grill's success is its performance it has high btu dual tube burners underneath its cooking grates sharing the heat power across two lines of burners helps the grill cook more evenly and efficiently and helps reduce the presence of hot spots or flare-ups the regal has broil kings flave r wave flame tamers that help shield the grill grates from the raw flame of the burners while also helping to spread cooking temperatures evenly thanks for watching and that's all for now i hope to see you guys in the next video till next time "

----------

"when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. find the the best grill with our expert tests of gas, charcoal, ans smoker grills. no summer gathering is complete without a good grill sizzling away in the background. but while they're a summer essential, it can be hard to find the best grills. there's lot of unhelpful marketing jargon, so if you don't know your smokers from your side burners it's easy to get lost. grills can cost a lot, too, so if you aren't sure what you're looking for it can be daunting to take the plunge. that's why we've tried and tested the best grills on the market. after tracking down the top grills from market leaders like weber, traeger, and kamado joe, we spent days ranking the very best. our expert consumer journalists - with backgrounds covering interiors, gardens, and kitchen appliances - weighed in to find the very best. we've covered charcoal grills for that unmistakable smoky flavour, smokers for succulent slow-cooked joints of meat, and gas grills for speed and ease of use. the best grills will let you cook almost anything, look great in your garden, and be simple to operate. they should also be affordable, easy to store and quick to assemble. our favorite, and the best example of all of these qualities, is the weber spirit ii e-310 (opens in new tab).we assessed all of this and more in our examination of the best grills on the market, so that you can get to grilling. you can trust homes & gardens. \n\n\n our expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing the latest products, helping you choose the best for you. find out more about how we test. why you should buy it\nthis is the best grill on the market. why we love it\nthis grill is everything you need for a family barbecue. it has a large cooking area, is easy to set up and use, and most importantly, it produced the tastiest food on test. it does all this and more at a very reasonable price. what i love most about this grill is that it it's unfussy and straightforward. where lots of grills are marketed to 'pit bosses' and need hours of training to make the a simple meal, the spirit ii is fast and simple. it has handy side tables with hooks for your utensils, and a responsive thermometer. it's easy to move around your backyard thanks to big, sturdy wheels. you hardly need to think while you're cooking on this grill. ignite it and you'll have burgers and sausages ready to go in minutes. it's as simple as that. these burgers were delicious - the whole team agreed that they were the best on test. they were perfectly seared and picked up a delicious char, but were still juicy on the inside. it was a similar story when we grilled vegetables. we also made an unbelievable spatchcock chicken. smothered in barbecue sauce, this chicken had delicious crispy skin with succulent, juicy flesh grilled to perfection. it was easily the best chicken we made in the latest round of testing. what's more, the cooking area is huge for a relatively compact grill. if you're smart about it, you could turn out dozens of burgers without much effort. good to know\nthe side rack for holding propane is quite small, so if you're cooking off a 30 or 40lb tank it might be hard to hide. the grills are also quite wide - we found that thin slices of vegetables like zucchini easily slip through the gaps. we also felt that the plastic knobs feel a little cheap, but these are minor quibbles rather than serious problems. why you should buy it\na professional grill loaded with bonus features. why we love it\nif you're looking to step up your grilling game, weber's genesis ii e-335 is a good place to start. it won't be for everyone, but it's a mighty grill that's up to just about any task you could throw its way.\u00a0this high-tech grill can be paired with your smartphone for remote monitoring. we were able to pair the probe with our smartphone, and set it to monitor for a specific type of meat and preference in cooking. this means incredibly performance when cooking backyard staples like burgers or chicken. we also used it with the side burner on this grill, making a delicious steak. that's because the smart tech in the grill \u00a0us when the meat was at the perfect temperature for juicy, medium-rare steak, taking away all the guesswork. good to know\nat nearly 190lbs, there is no denying that this is a hefty grill. if you've got a small garden it could dominate your space., assembly took a while too, but once we had everything set up and ready to go, it was more than worth the trouble it took to assemble.\u00a0 you can monitor the grill from your phone but you cannot change the temperature or control it, so keep this in mind when slow cooking your meat.\u00a0while we love all the functionality, bear in mind that this grill is $1000 more expensive than our #1 pick. why you should buy it\na portable grill that's as good as a full-sized smoker. why we love it\nyou might be surprised to see a portable grill so far up the list, but the ninja woodfire passed our tests with flying colors. this portable electric grill has seven different functions, offering grilling, roasting, smoking, frying, baking, dehydrating, and broiling.\u00a0while it can't match the cooking area of a full-sized smoker, this grill is perfect for small families and camping trips, offering fast, simple, and delicious smoked foods. the standout feature, however is the smoker. the woodfire uses a box of wood pellets to infuse your dishes with delicious, smoky flavour. while the flavor's not the same as the smokers on bigger grills, it's still as good. our tester alex used it to make an incredible smoked pork tenderloin in just 45 minutes, and a neighbour she shared it with though it was the best tenderloin they'd ever had. good to know\nit offers incredibly quick cooking. alex had a joint of salmon ready in only 7 minutes, and if anything, it was almost too quick. the handy smart display will tell you when it's time to flip your food, but we recommend keeping an eye on it anyway, as this grill is so efficient that it will cook faster than the given recipe times. alex's full ninja woodfire outdoor grill review has all the detail. why you should buy it\nthe best grill for big gatherings. why we love it\nthis is really straightforward: the weber genesis spx-435 smart gas grill is huge. we found that it has nearly a thousand square inches of grilling area, not including the side burner. if you've got a big, hungry family, this will cater for everyone. it's more than double the size of some of the other grills on test. it fits forty burgers. that's enough to feed an entire football team, let alone a family. that's before you get into the extras. we're big fans of the sear station, which is designed to leave those classic charred lines in your steaks and burgers for maximum flavor by creating an intense heat zone. there's also a side burner that can be used to prep side dishes or cook off smaller items that can't go on the main grill. there's also a foldable warming rack that can be used to heat up burger buns or keep hot dogs warm when they're done cooking, which will allow you to prep your meals at different timings, but with the same serving time. all of this can be monitored by an app. good to know\nunlike the weber smokefire below, you can't adjust the temperature of this grill via an app. you'll need to run it off an outlet, and it's the most expensive grill on test. why we love it\na wood pellet grill with unbelievable capacity. why you should buy it\ntraeger revolutionized the grilling game when they introduced the world to wood pellet grills over 30 years ago. rather than the searing heat of charcoal or gas grills, pellet grills cook at a much cooler 450\u00b0f. this imbues your food with a fantastic smoky flavor, and the ironwood 650 takes this to extremes, with a super smoke mode that ensures your food is cooked 100% hardwood smoke. we found that this grill has a jaw-dropping capacity. its 650 square inch volume means you can fit eight whole chickens, six pork butts, or five rib racks at a time.\u00a0that's more than enough to feed even the biggest families. the technological features of this traeger ironwood 650 are also truly impressive. for instance, once you've set the temperature, the grill maintains that temperature for you, saving you all the hassle. it's also outfitted with wifi and a built-in meat probe, so you can monitor the internal temperature of the food and the grill all on your phone. good to know\nthe smart tech in this grill means that you have to have electric power as you use it. that could be an inconvenience if you don't have an outlet in your yard. the huge capacity is great, but it means it'll take up a lot of space in your yard. why you should buy it\na smart smoker that's great for slow-cooked meat. why we love it\nanother pellet grill, our tests found that weber smokefire epx6 stealth edition grill is an excellent smoker that excels with large cuts of meat. the smart dial can be turned from 200-600\u00b0f degrees, allowing you to cook at high heat but also smoke and roast at lower temperatures. it will also keep itself running for hours with little-to-no maintenance, and you can control it remotely using the weber connect app, which also allows you to check the probe and adjust the temperature for easy pre-heating.\u00a0 unlike the traeger ironwood above, you can adjust the temperature in the app. under the hood, you'll find enough space to cook quantities of food for a large family. our expert tester millie fender used it to make a succulent shawarma shoulder of lamb and barbecue ribs, as well as 8 steaks and chicken kebabs. good to know\njust like the traeger above, it needs to be connected to electricity to work, so ensure to place it somewhere with easy access.\u00a0you're also at the mercy of the software - millie's grill shut itself down for a software update in the middle of grilling when she had some guests due to arrive any minute. admittedly, this was just after the launch of the grill, so there were some bugs to work out, but it demonstrates a wider weakness of wifi-enabled grills. it also has a smaller capacity than the traeger ironwood, with 432 square inches to the traeger's 650. why you should buy it\nthe best charcoal grill you can buy. why we love it\nkamado grills are high-end charcoal barbecues with ceramic plates. these heat-efficient plates makes them versatile, handling simple grilling, roasting, smoking, and slow cooking all in one grill. the joe ii is incredibly capacious. we tested it on a single chicken but you could easily grill two at once. it's great for catering to big family parties. the ceramic plates make it incredibly efficient, reaching a blistering 750\u00b0f, so it's a good choice for quick cooking too. while we love a good gas grill, there's something about the smoky flavor of cooking on charcoal that gas simply cannot recreate. the burgers we made on this outperformed all of their gas competitors. we also loved the design of the joe ii. it will look incredible in almost any garden, a large, modern appliance with a eye on tradition. the bright but sophisticated glazed red shell makes it a great focus point for a social area or kitchen garden. we also love the small touches that elevate it from a basic kettle or drum grill, such as the soft-open on the lid. good to know\nthis grill is a great choice for dedicated grilling enthusiasts, but that means it takes a lot of getting used to. because it's so efficient, it's easy to overcook your food. we're also concerned about the heat at the base of this grill. it's low-slung so it's not the safest grill if you've got small kids or pets around. it's also very pricey for a charcoal grill. why you should buy it\nthe best looking grill you can buy. why we love it\neven our favorite grills are pretty ugly. if you're proud of your garden, it can be heart-breaking to have perfected your patio only to ruin the design with an ugly metal grill that looks completely out of place. not so with the everdure force. this beautiful grill looks at home in any backyard, and every detail on this grill feels high-quality. even the control knobs are sleek, polished chrome, and the bright, modern lid comes in several striking colors. we might be appliance nerds who get a little overexcited at new products, but there were gasps when we had this bright orange grill fully assembled. after a couple of days of looking at the same boring gray and black grills, this was a breath of fresh air. that said, it's not just a pretty face. co-signed by celebrity chef heston blumenthal, the everdure performed well in our cooking tests, making excellent burgers and a good whole chicken. the clever diagonal patterns on this grill mean that it's hard to drop food between the gaps, which is a great feature. good to know\ncleaning this grill is a little frustrating. because the body is so shallow, any grease that drips from meat dishes doesn't run down to the grease tray, instead sitting under the grill. that makes for a surprisingly gross clean-up compared to other grills on test. it's also pretty basic, lacking a warming rack or a side burner. why you should buy it\na good choice for grilling on the go. why we love it\nif you want to grill in the great outdoors, weber's q3200 is a safe bet. it can convert\u00a0from the stand on its base to a table-top or portable grill, so it's great for communal cooking on a garden table or for grilling out in the wild (allowing for local fire safety warnings). it delivered solid results on our taste tests, cooking good vegetables and burgers, and did a surprisingly good job with a whole chicken despite the smaller grill size. that's because you can control the interior and exterior burners independently. this makes easy to create direct and indirect heat, which can be tricky on a gas grill, and impressive for a grill of this size and price point. speaking of which, this is also one of the cheaper grills we've tested, a full $1500 cheaper than some of the other grills on test. good to know\nwe think this grill is a smart choice, but it's simply not as good as other grills we've tested. while it's relatively cheap, it's only about $100 cheaper than our #1 pick. why you should buy it\nthis grill is packed with accessory features that elevate it from a simple gas grill. why we love it\nthe phantom rogue is a great choice for cooking an entire meal in one go. you can grill burgers, chicken, and sausages on the grill, cook corn on the cob on the warming rack \u2014 which has its own dedicated burner, a unique feature in this guide \u2014 as well as a side burner for searing steaks. that's great functionality, as it means the cook isn't missing out on the party. you can prep the whole meal at once and get it to the table in one go. this infrared side burner is exceptional, reaching blistering temperatures that are great for searing. you'll have to watch it, as you could very quickly overcook your food, but it's just right for flash cooking vegetables. on lower temperatures, it's handy for sides like caramelised onions, which is perfect for hot dogs. this grill performed well on test, making good burgers and a good whole chicken.\n\ngood to know\nthis grill is terrible to assemble. it took me three hours, as there's lots of steps, poor instructions, and fiddly wiring. for most people it'll be three boring hours that you'll quickly forget about once you're up and running. if you have mobility issues like arthritis, however, it will be a significant challenge. we also aren't convinced by the aesthetics. one of my colleagues remarked that it looks like a sports car. if that's the look you're after, then perfect; if not, the hyper-masculine all-matte black looks like someone parked a convertible in the middle of the garden. we also found that the light-up control knobs are a gimmick that don't offer much illumination. why you should buy it\ncharcoal grilling without the fuss. a stylish, modern design that fuses together the timeless qualities of cooking on a charcoal fire with innovative, modern technology and the speed of gas, the everdure fusion grill by heston blumenthal embodies a truly versatile design. it cooks on charcoal, but a powerful electric fan feeds oxygen to the flames, meaning that this grill reaches temperature in mere minutes, instead of the half-an-hour of a usual charcoal grill. the grill's fast flame ignition means that the fusion can be set-up and ready for cooking in less than ten minutes. featuring a grill-plate as well as a rotisserie function, the design allows for you to cook all manner of meals. relatively simple and easy to use, the grill has a detachable pedestal and can be adapted into a handy portable design, ideal for use away from home. good to know\nthis grill has a small grilling area, so it might not work for big families. the rotisserie function is a great addition, but it feels flimsy. our top pick of the best grills is the weber genesis ii e-335 (opens in new tab). it has everything we love from weber, including a smart sear station to ensure your steaks and burgers get those classic char-marks. we think the three burners are a good size for most families and would serve well at small-to-medium-sized gatherings. if you want to step away from gas cooking, the traeger grills ironwood 650 (opens in new tab) is also a top pick. it runs on wood pellets and has an in-built meat probe to make cooking easier. my test of the napoleon phantom rogue. we get hands-on experience with the products featured in our guides and grills are no exception. it's our mission to test as many of these grills in our backyards as possible. our expert panel combines close-and-personal experience with customer reviews to get the lowdown on these grills' strengths and weaknesses. we've cooked dozens of meals on these grills, and every step of the process we assess factors such as the ease of set-up and use, cleaning, maintenance and storage and ultimately, how well each grill cooks. not every grill we test makes the cut. for further information about how we conduct our reviews and for our product-testing process explained, explore how we test on homes & gardens. millie fender is head of reviews at homes & gardens. formerly our head of all things cooking, she has tested pizza ovens, grills, and even fire pits.\u00a0\n\nmillie recently finished her weber smokefire epx6 wood fired pellet grill stealth edition review, which almost converted her away from the ease of gas grilling. alex temblador is a award-winning author and freelance writer based in dallas, texas. with an expansive outdoor space for thorough testing, she has tested everything from hot tubs to grills for homes & gardens and our sister brand, gardeningetc.\u00a0\n\nalex tested the weber genesis spx-435 smart gas grill, assembling it with the help of her cousin for three hours straight. once assembled, she was wowed by the quality cooking she was able to achieve with this large and impressive gas grill. the most conventional type of grill is a charcoal grill, which will slow-cook all manner of dishes for smoked meat or chargrilled vegetables. gas grills are loved for their convenience. they are easy to ignite and you can work the burners independently, whether that is at different temperatures or for smaller servings without wasting gas. more popular in recent years is the smoker grill. powered by pellets, they often feature intelligent temperature probes and auto-dosing burners to keep your grill cooking for hours on end, even when unattended. charcoal grills\npros: charcoal grills provide a phenomenal smoky flavor to food, which is especially tasty in meats. cons: they take longer to heat up and the temperature can be somewhat harder to control. even grills that have charcoal boxes that keep the ash contained require some time toward cleaning. gas grills or liquid propane grills\npros: gas grills are quick to heat, easy to adjust the temperature, and don\u2019t require a lot of prep or clean-up time. gas grills are best for those who are new to grilling. cons: they may offer great sear and grill lines and have the capabilities to keep your meats juicy and tender, but unless the grill is outfitted with a built-in or separate wood box, you can\u2019t achieve the same delicious smoky flavor that's provided with charcoal or wood pellet grills. electric grills\npros: some electric grills can be used indoors and others must be used outdoors. they heat quickly and don't require a lot of post-grilling maintenance. cons: indoor electric grills are small. if you have an outdoor grill that needs electricity, like a wood pellet grill, you\u2019ll need an outdoor outlet, which may not be placed in the most ideal (or safe) grilling location. wood pellet grills\npros: meats come out juicy, tender, smoky, and fully-flavored with a wood pellet grill. once you set the temperature on a wood pellet grill, the grill maintains that temperature for you, so your attention can be elsewhere.\u00a0if you like cooking with wood, you'll love the best pizza ovens. cons: these types of grills require electricity to function, so you\u2019ll need a good outlet in a safe location outdoors. all grills need regular care and maintenance in order for them to be working at their best, so learning how to clean a grill \u00a0and how to clean grill grates is essential. when it comes to looking at which type of grill is easiest to clean, stainless steel and gas grills often come out on top. charcoal grills can get dirty very quickly, and require you to remove and dispose of the old ashes \u2013 always wait until they are completely cool. the best tools to use when cleaning a grill include: a wire brush with tough stainless steel bristles for the grills grates, a sponge or cloth for the other grill areas \u2013 and some have even learnt how to use an onion to clean a grill. for optimal food safety, centers for disease control and prevention\u00a0(cdc) recommends that you \u2018wash work surfaces, utensils, and the grill before and after cooking.\u2019. they're better for ease of use, worse for flavor. gas grills are incredibly simple and safe to use. once you're hooked up to your propane, it's as easy as cooking on a gas range. however, that means there's little difference in flavor between a gas grill and a gas range. when you compare gas grills to charcoal grills, they're missing out on that classic smoky flavor. however, charcoal grills are much trickier to use. you need to learn the difference between direct and indirect heat and work out the precise window when the grill is at temperature for your ingredients. that can turn grilling from a tasty treat on a lazy afternoon into a tedious chore. if you aren't a hobbyist, i'd opt for gas. it's faster, simpler, and while it doesn't taste quite as good, the difference isn't big enough to bother with charcoal. for the average user, yes. for gourmands, absolutely not. gas grills are smaller, simpler, and cheaper than pellet grills. there's nothing new to learn or extra equipment to buy. most of us need a grill for a few burgers in the sun a couple of weekends a year. gas grills do the job without breaking the bank. however, if cooking is your hobby, it's well worth considering a pellet grill. unlike gas grills, pellet grills make it easy to smoke meat, and their capacity is much bigger than the average gas grill. for example, i made grilled vegetables, burgers, sausages, and chicken to test gas grills. to really put a smoker through its paces, our head of reviews and exceptionally good cook (trust me, i know first-hand) millie fender made a shoulder of lamb, ribs, steaks, chicken kebabs and flatbreads, all smoked, and some at the same time. however, there's a bit of a learning curve, and you need an outdoor outlet. if that doesn't sound like fun then a gas grill is the way to go. you can make pretty much anything on a grill. you're only limited by your skill and imagination. using only examples of what we've assessed in our tests, you can make burgers, sausages, grilled chicken, ribs, salmon, steak, vegetable skewers, whole shoulders of lamb, shawarma meat, and in one incredibly inventive move in our ninja woodfire grill review (opens in new tab), cinnamon rolls. if you cook it with heat, you can cook it on a grill. side burners are an extra gas burner that's great for cooking with a skillet. i've found that they're especially great for steak, and are just the thing for caramelising onions for burgers and hot dogs. warming racks - unsurprisingly - keep your food warm. they sit high above the grill, so they keep food warm rather than cook it. if you're cooking for a big gathering, you can keep the first round of burgers or sausages ready while you make the next. in my experience, they're the perfect place for heating up sides like through corn on the cob. most grills on the market are made abroad. if this is important to you, watch out for 'made in the usa' claims, as these may be shorthand for 'made in the usa with globally sourced parts', which is not wholly american made. weber, for instance, assembles a lot of its grills in the states but the parts are manufactured in china. american made grills (opens in new tab) is your best bet. as head of ecommerce, alex makes sure our readers find the right information to help them make the best purchase. after graduating from cambridge university, alex got his start in reviewing at the iconic good housekeeping institute, testing a wide range of household products and appliances. he then moved to bbc gardeners\u2019 world magazine, assessing gardening tools, machinery, and wildlife products. helping people find true quality and genuine value is a real passion. discover robust and weed-smothering perennials for every garden with some of the most vibrant and glossy types of bergenia. by graham rice\n\u2022\n\npublished 18 april 23. discover some of the most popular types of tomatoes to grow indoors or outdoors. by drew swainston\n\u2022\n\npublished 18 april 23. homes & gardens is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher.  visit our corporate site.\n\u00a9\nfuture publishing limited quay house, the ambury,\nbath\nba1 1ua. all rights reserved. england and wales company registration number 2008885. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. the best grills, from charcoal to gas to pellet models for your backyard bbq. if you enjoy hosting summer barbecues with family and friends, you'll need one of the best grills to cook up a storm. but with so many different types of best grills on the market, it can often be tricky to know which one will suit your outdoor feasts.\u00a0first of all, do you want a gas, electric or pellet grill? also, what convenient features do you need? nowadays, you can find grills that come with an induction cooktop, storage, color touch-screen display, or even wi-fi connectivity. finally, what's your budget? depending on your needs, the best grills can cost from as little as $100 to over $1,000. so it's important to know what features you need, ease of use, and of course, whether you have the space to accommodate it. in the meantime, we've selected some of the best grills to suit every backyard, lifestyle and budget right now. and be sure to check out our top grilling tips so you can grill like a pro. why you can trust tom's guide? \n\n\nour writers and editors spend hours analyzing and reviewing products, services, and apps to help find what's best for you. find out more about how we test, analyze, and rate. for a thick juicy pork chop with criss-cross grill marks, you can\u2019t beat the weber genesis epx-335 smart gas grill. want to smoke a turkey? turn the heat down and you\u2019ll get a moist flavorful bird with a burnished skin. this grill evenly cooks with minimal flare ups, whether you cook on high or low. it also has a sear burner for branding on those grill marks, and the grates can cook 25 hamburgers at once. while the genesis won\u2019t flip your burgers for you, it does connect to an app via wi-fi so you can get a beep on your phone when they\u2019re fully cooked to a safe temp. the weber also includes a full array of convenient features, including a cabinet where you can stash things like mitts and paper towels, tool hooks, two side tables (one of which has a burner for saut\u00e9ing onions or warming barbecue sauce), a thermometer on the front, and a gauge to show you how much gas is left in the tank. and if you ever feel the need to grill outside in the dark, lighted knobs and an led in the handle that illuminates the grates, make it easier than ever. the grease pan offers easy access from the front as well, for a pain-free clean up. the only negative? this grill needs a bit of time to preheat before you start cooking. if you want a large cooking area but don\u2019t have big bucks to shell out, the char-broil performance series silver 5-burner could be the ticket. with 480 square inches of space and five burners \u2014 not counting the side burner \u2014 you've got plenty of room to pack on the patties. you won\u2019t find a lot of fancy features here, but it does have side tables, a warming rack, and works with char-broil's accessories (sold separately) which bolt onto the grill. we do wish the propane tank were a little bit easier to reach \u2014 it's worth upgrading to the model that has interior storage \u2014 but you get a lot of cooking power for less than $400. the weber original kettle premium charcoal grill has a grate that\u2019s big enough for a whole mess of hamburger patties. however, because it\u2019s easy to adjust the heat by opening and closing the vents in the bottom and in the lid, this grill is remarkably versatile and can definitely go beyond burgers and brats. it can turn out a perfectly seared medium-rare porterhouse or thoroughly-cooked chicken with a crispy golden-brown skin. the grate is hinged on both sides so it\u2019s easy to add more briquets if you\u2019re having a party and turning out hot dogs throughout the evening. extras include a thermometer in the lid and hooks for hanging up your tools. a heat shield underneath the lid handle makes it easy to lift without singeing your hand, and the lid rests on the side of the grill while you flip the steaks or baste the ribs. underneath the kettle, there\u2019s a big bucket called an ash catcher; you use a lever to sweep the ashes into it and then it\u2019s easy to remove and empty without leaving a trail of ashes along the way. this grill is available in three sizes: 18, 22, and 26 inches, so you can choose one that best suited to cooking food for just you and a few people, or a whole family. the only thing missing are side tables. cooks who love to try new things, and want to expand their repertoire beyond the basics, will love a kamado grill. the best of the bunch is the kamado joe classic 18-inch kj23rhc. this ceramic baby is heavy and will set you back a big chunk of change, but it will reward you with unparalleled control over the heat. that way you can cook an artisanal pizza in mere minutes, smoke a pork butt for hours, as well as grill everything in between. what you don\u2019t get is a lot of room to load on the burgers \u2013 so you should expect to cook about 8 to 10 at once. while you can use briquettes, you\u2019ll get the best results if you use lump hardwood charcoal. this kamado comes with a wheeled stand and has side tables for resting your basting sauce and a cold one. when it\u2019s time to clean up, all you have to do is slide out the ash drawer and dispose of the ashes. safely of course. if you want to do more than sling hot dogs and burgers on your charcoal grill, the royal gourmet is ideal. it has a crank that lets you raise and lower the charcoal pan to help control the heat. when you want to quickly grill brats, move the coals right below them. to slowly smoke a side of salmon without flare-ups, lower them. there\u2019s even a door underneath the grates that makes it easy to keep adding charcoal as the hungry crowd thickens. plus you\u2019ll find you need a lot of charcoal to keep the royal gourmet burning, so make sure you stock up before the party starts. this model has side tables to hold your tongs and trays and platters. you\u2019ll also find a thermometer in the lid to give you a rough idea as to how hot it is under the grill, a warming rack that\u2019s helpful for heating buns, and an easy to remove ash tray. below the grill there\u2019s a bottom shelf to keep extra charcoal or a roll of paper towels. if you enjoy outdoor cooking on a regular basis, the traegar timberland xl is what you need. the traeger timberline xl is the latest version of the company\u2019s flagship line of grills, and is the state of the grilling art at its most advanced. \u00a0in addition, it allows you to cook a wide range of delicious foods at once, on its three grates (two of which are adjustable), providing a total of 1,320 square inches of cooking surface. it's loaded with impressive features such as an updated, full-color touch display, four buttons for accessing various features, dial for adjusting the temperature and navigating menus and wi-fi connectivity. the induction cooking feature is ideal for sauteed vegetables, caramelized onions, and charred corn. performance-wise, it grilled meats to perfection, ranging from juicy burgers, roast chicken, fall-apart-tender ribs and succulent smoked salmon. it even did well in searing romaine lettuce and toasting croutons if you fancied grilled caesar salad. plus, it has a handy storage space underneath to store all your accessories and grilling essentials. bear in mind, it is twice as expensive than its predecessor. however, the timberline is a great way to grill, making it a worthwhile investment. read our full review for the traeger timberline xl grill. traeger pro 575 pellet grill makes the process of smoking pretty much stress free. you add hardwood pellets to a hopper, set a target temperature, and the grill does the rest. it has an electronically-controlled thermostat that works like the one in your indoor oven. the only caveat is that if the temp you want is super-hot to get a steak browned and crusty on the outside and rosy on the inside, you won\u2019t be getting it from this grill which tops out at 500\u00b0f. if you want to go about your yard work, or even just loll in a hammock while your ribs are smoking, you can connect the traeger to an app which will let you know when it\u2019s time to baste, raise the temp to finish them off, or alert you that they\u2019re ready to serve. instead of grates, the blackstone 36\" griddle cooking station has the kind of large flat cooking surface you see in diners. that gives you room for 28 burgers at once, and means your hot dogs and shrimp won\u2019t fall through the slats. underneath are four burners that you can set to different temperatures, so you can keep garlic bread warm on low while simultaneously searing some steaks. just keep in mind that you won\u2019t get grill marks, and won\u2019t be able to smoke ribs or brisket. on one of the side tables, there\u2019s a built-in cutting board that can be removed for cleaning. there\u2019s also a place to hang a roll of paper towels and hooks to hang a trash bag. on the bottom, there\u2019s even a shelf to give you some storage space. the blackstone is easy to assemble, but remember that you will have to clean the griddle top and season it before you fire it up for the first time. if you want to grill away from home, the weber q 1200 gas grill is the best portable grill. you can depend on it for the same great cooking results you get from all weber grills. rather than a big tank of lp gas, it uses 14- or 16-ounce propane cylinders, which last about a couple of hours. most likely you\u2019ll be taking it to a park or beach, and using it for quick-cooking items like steaks or chicken breasts (or a couple of lobsters you pick up at the shore) but not for smoking a turkey or a shoulder of pork, so a single cylinder should do per outing. it has side tables that are just as handy on the road as when you\u2019re grilling in the backyard, but they fold up for travel so the grill is easy to transport. other conveniences include a lid thermometer and an easy to remove and clean drip pan. if you live in a community where gas and charcoal grills aren\u2019t \u00a0allowed but have access to an outdoor electrical socket, the char-broil bistro tru-infrared electric grill is your best bet for results that come close to those from a charcoal or gas grill. the bistro is small enough to easily fit on a terrace or patio but has a grate that\u2019s big enough to hold about a dozen burgers. it has a rack to keep food warm or heat the buns. on the bottom there\u2019s a shelf to hold supplies and in the lid, a thermometer. two wheels make it easy to roll the char-broil inside or into the garage if you don\u2019t want it to \u201clive\u201d on your limited outdoor area. the bistro will produce minimal smoke to annoy the neighbors and has a grease pan that slides out to be easily cleaned in the kitchen. before you decide which grill is right for you, there are several factors you need to consider. first, you need to decide which fuel-type is best for you. you should also think about which style of grill you want. once you've made up your mind, you can narrow down your options based on the best features and overall design. here are some guidelines to help get you started. propane gas: a popular option because it's easy to light, quick to heat and simple to clean. whether you're cooking on a high temperature or need a slow burner, propane gas will produce good results. if we're being picky, some say it doesn't produce as much of a barbequed flavor as charcoal grills, but it's the best for convenience. generally, it's good to use for grilling all year around. most gas grills will be hooked up to a tank of liquid propane gas. if you already use a tank to fuel your kitchen range, then that can also be connected to your grill, meaning you would never run out of gas! some models can also be connected to the natural gas line in your home. don\u2019t be wowed by btus. while they tell you how much gas the grill uses, and in theory should tell you how powerful it is, more btus doesn\u2019t necessarily mean higher heat or better cooking. charcoal: these grills require effort to light, control, and clean up. but hands down, \u00a0they give the smokiest flavor. charcoal grills may use standard briquettes or the more expensive hardwood lump charcoal, but both types have their advantages. charcoal grilling is also more time consuming than using gas, since charcoal requires 15 to 20 minutes of burning time before reaching cooking temperatures, and has more involved cleanup when you're done. pellet: using hardwood pellets, this type of grill produces distinctive deep smoky flavor. you fill the hopper with pellets and the grill\u2019s electronics do the rest, maintaining a very even temperature. they\u2019re particularly good for slow cooking foods like a pork roast, brisket, or side of salmon. \u00a0however, pellet grills don\u2019t sear as well as other types of grills so if your idea of a great meal is a crusty steak, this isn\u2019t the type for you. there are also several styles of grill, which vary based on fuel type and design. kettle grills take up the least space and lets you build a deep bed of briquets to hold in heat. that makes it good for longer cooking items like chicken or ribs as well as for searing steaks and burgers. barrel grills are, you guessed it, like a barrel lying on its side. they use a large quantity of briquets and can cook a lot of food at once; but they tend to burn out sooner so they\u2019re better for hamburgers, hot dogs, and steaks than brisket or turkey breast. kamado grills look a bit like traditional kettle models, but are made of heavy ceramic instead of lightweight sheet metal. the kamado design was popularized by the big green egg brand, but similar ceramic designs are now offered by several companies. while they\u2019re not cheap, they hold in heat and give you lots of control for cooking all kinds of food, making them very popular with serious cooks who like to grill. the ceramic construction retains heat well, making them well suited to non-traditional grilling for dishes like pizza and deserts, but they\u2019re heavy, use a lot of briquets, and don\u2019t have a very big cooking surface. you may also want to check out how to clean a grill or how to sharpen a knife when carving your delicious grilled meats. do you like pizza? check out our ooni fyra 12 review, as well as our breville pizzaiolo review. regardless of what type of fuel you use or style of grill you prefer, there are other things to look for in any grill you might consider buying, from the overall quality of construction to convenience features that make grilling safer and cleaning up easier. construction: a grill that\u2019s built of thick metal or stainless won\u2019t rust. a thicker material will also hold in heat better. it should sit firmly on the ground so it can\u2019t be easily knocked over or even blown over. look for stainless steel or bronze burners which are durable and won\u2019t rust. wheels or casters: at least two wheels on a grill make it easy to move it from place to place. lid: a tight fitting lid holds heat in. most brands will offer two kinds of warranty: one will cover labor, which typically lasts for up to two years, and a secondary warranty for parts, which will usually last much longer. this coverage can last for the lifetime of the grill, and will cover all of the essential parts, such as the burner, cooking grids and the housing. your grill\u2019s lifespan will also depend on how well you take care of it. first of all, you should keep it clean, which means covering it when it\u2019s not in use and sheltering it from the elements. if you opt for a grill which is made of durable materials, such as cast iron or stainless steel, these can last for as long as 20 years. we don\u2019t recommend buying an extended warranty because these tend to cost more than any potential repairs during the grill\u2019s lifetime. if any repair costs are half the value of a new grill, we suggest buying a replacement. similarly, if you notice any rust or cracks in the firebox, you\u2019re better off investing in a new grill. if cracks appear in the gas hose and regulator, then you\u2019ve got a potential gas leak on your hands, so you should at least replace those parts before using your grill again. if you haven\u2019t looked for a new grill in some time, you might be surprised at how attractive the entry-level models can be. many of these are now available in stainless steel, which gives your backyard a more modern appeal. if you buy one of the latest models, you can also benefit from some of the new features on offer. some grills come with built-in containers to hold your wood chips and on occasion, a smoke chamber. you might also come across sear stations, rotisseries, side burners and built-in thermometers, all of which have their uses. like many other appliances, grills are getting smarter too with some offering wi-fi or bluetooth connectivity. with this, you can get notified when it\u2019s time to flip the burgers, baste your dish or serve up. it can even let you know when it\u2019s running low on gas. be on the lookout for hooks on which to hold your tools as well \u2014 it\u2019s a simple, but useful addition which you can find regardless of the price. side tables are convenient as well for placing dishes. removable ash catchers and drip pans are also good to have as they help with cleaning up. if you prefer to cook indoors, here are 7 things i learned from using my george foreman grill. check out more of our appliance coverage:. best refrigerators | best gas ranges | best electric ranges | best dishwashers | best washing machines | best clothes dryers| best vacuum cleaners | best microwaves | best bread machines | best blenders | best stand mixers | best coffee makers | best espresso machines | best food processors | best juicers | best air fryers | best cuisinart coffee makers | best patio heaters | best solar lights | best coolers | best inflatable hot tubs. get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips. katie looks after everything homes-related, from kitchen appliances to gardening tools. she also covers smart home products too, so is the best point of contact for any household advice!\u00a0she has tested and reviewed appliances for over 6 years, so she knows what to look for when finding the best. her favorite thing to test has to be air purifiers, as the information provided and the difference between performances is extensive. induction vs. electric cooktop: which type is better for you? 60 android apps with 100 million installs actually contain malware \u2014 delete them right now. by andy sansommarch 03, 2023. by scott kramermarch 02, 2023. by kelly woofebruary 23, 2023. by philip michaelsfebruary 20, 2023. by andy sansomfebruary 19, 2023. by henry t. caseyfebruary 17, 2023. by andy sansomfebruary 15, 2023. by sanjana prakashfebruary 14, 2023. by anthony spadaforafebruary 05, 2023. by nick pinofebruary 03, 2023. by mo harber-lamondfebruary 03, 2023. tom's guide is part of future us inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. visit our corporate site (opens in new tab). \u00a9\nfuture us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,\nnew york,\nny 10036. content is created by cnn underscored\u2019s team of editors who work independently from the cnn newsroom. when you buy through links on our site, we may earn a commission. learn more. outdoor cooking over a grill is probably america\u2019s most beloved summer pastime. whether you prefer burgers and hot dogs, chicken, pork, seafood or vegetables, this highly versatile cooking method makes everything taste better, and it\u2019s always more fun to cook on the deck or patio. with so many grilling options (you\u2019ll find dozens of charcoal, wood, gas and pellet grills available), we decided to go head-to-head to make your decision a little easier. we cooked a whole range of dishes over charcoal, pellets and gas and figured out the advantages and disadvantages of each approach to help you understand the differences and choose the best one for your lifestyle and your budget. according to archeological evidence, humans have been grilling \u2014 quickly cooking food over a direct flame or radiant heat \u2014 for at least 2 million years, and it remains one of the most popular methods of cooking. grilling is special because it jump-starts the complex chemistry that gives meats a delicious crust, flavor and texture profile. the intense heat of the grill triggers the maillard reaction (in which the compounds in food \u2014 the proteins, amino acids and sugars in meat, for example \u2014 react to create darker colors and more intense aromas and flavors) along with caramelization (where at even higher temperatures the sugars in the meat and rub or marinade brown) and char (in which the burning fuel and the vaporized drippings from whatever you\u2019re cooking impart even more flavor to the meat). while many people refer to all grills as barbecues, grilling and barbecuing are not the same. barbecue is a specific style of cooking meat at low heat (under 225 degrees fahrenheit) over long periods (usually measured in hours), and generally uses wood fuel (typically hardwoods and fruitwoods) to provide indirect heat and the smoke that gives barbecued food its characteristic flavor. when shopping for a grill, your first decision is the fuel type. gas, charcoal, pellet and wood grills not only perform differently and let you use different cooking techniques to achieve different flavors, but they vary in start-up time, convenience and ease of cleanup. to add functionality and to make it easier to take care of your grill, you\u2019ll also want to invest in a few grilling accessories. adding tools like a dependable meat thermometer and a durable grill brush to your arsenal will make the job a lot easier. while certain types of outdoor grills (such as kamado-style, kettle-style or pellet-fed) may also be used to smoke meats at lower temperatures with longer cooking times, dedicated barbecue smokers like an offset smoker, a \u201cbullet\u201d or vertical smoker or an electric smoker that burns wood chips or pellets are generally designed specifically for that one purpose. the latest refinement of a 70-year-old design, the weber original premium kettle grill represents the type of charcoal grill most people are familiar with. a kettle grill is simple to use, effective and affordable. but most importantly, the results are fantastic. with a little effort and experience, a simple kettle can turn out fantastic grilled meats and vegetables, letting you take full advantage of the high heat of charcoal grilling in a very accessible format. the design \u2014 a roughly bowl-shaped basin on tripod legs covered by a lid \u2014 is space and fuel efficient, and temperature management is straightforward using vents at top and bottom along with judicious opening and closing of the lid. kettles like the weber can grill at high temperatures (over 700 degrees fahrenheit), and with some skill can be used for low-temperature tasks, including barbecue or smoking, which makes them incredibly versatile. maintenance is simple too, with most offering a removable ash hopper at the bottom of the bowl. if it\u2019s flavor you\u2019re after, the charcoal grills gave us the best results of any grilling method we tested. because charcoal grills get hotter than any other type of grill, the larger surface area means you get all-over radiant heat you won\u2019t get from gas, and the coals themselves lend food the distinctive taste that most of us associate with grilling in the first place. the burgers we cooked on the charcoal grills were juicier and better-tasting than the gas grill or even the pellet grill, offering a delicious crust and that distinctive \u201cchar\u201d flavor you\u2019ll also get when\u00a0cooking steaks, pork, chicken, seafood or vegetables. cooking over charcoal is simple and can give you a sense of tangible enjoyment no other method can match. and as long as you can pay attention to fire management, you can get a low-temperature burn, perfect for cooking low and slow for smoky flavors. whatever type of charcoal grill you choose, they all work on the same basic principle: you get a pile of charcoal fuel burning (for ignition, we highly recommend skipping the old-school lighter fluid and using a chimney starter, a propane torch or an electric heat gun like the looft lighter), spread it out in a basin and once it\u2019s white-hot and burning continuously, cooking grates are installed above that and the food placed either directly above hot fuel for direct heat cooking or farther away from it for indirect heat. charcoal generates super-high temperatures and can burn for hours. it can be stored safely, it\u2019s relatively affordable and since the grills typically don\u2019t have any mechanical parts aside from whatever device is used to empty the ash hopper, charcoal grills typically require very little long-term maintenance aside from inexpensive part replacement. we found two big downsides to grilling with charcoal: time management and temperature management. first, it takes much longer to get the grill fired up and hot enough for cooking than with any other method \u2014 a good 15 to 30 minutes, depending on the grill size. this means you can\u2019t just decide to throw some burgers on; you\u2019ll have to think ahead. the ignition process also takes a little work as well as an extra tool such as a torch or chimney. and it\u2019s much harder (though not impossible) to get a charcoal grill started in windy or rainy weather. second, managing the temperature of a charcoal grill takes some work. once you\u2019ve got everything going, it isn\u2019t a set-and-forget process as with a modern kitchen stove. you\u2019ll need to interact with the pile of hot coals and get used to manual venting to maintain temperature and get the results you want \u2014 it can be a wonderfully tactile experience, but it\u2019s more labor intensive than other grilling methods. lastly, charcoal grilling produces a lot of ash, so it involves more cleanup than other methods. and because you can\u2019t start tidying up until the grill cools off, there\u2019s even more waiting before you can dispose of the ash left in the hopper. beyond the popular kettle grill, you\u2019ll find many types of charcoal grills, so we tested several of the most popular variants. the basic principles are similar, but their varied construction methods and layouts give them a range of abilities that suit different types of cooking. we tested four charcoal grills. along with the weber kettle-style charcoal grill, we looked at the big green egg kamado-style ceramic grill, the nuke delta argentinian grill and a yak shichirin, or \u201chibachi,\u201d grill. a kamado, or \u201cegg-style,\u201d grill is similar in appearance to a kettle grill, except that it is usually made of thick ceramic material. the cooking style traces its lineage back to clay-pot cooking techniques used in china and india (the word \u201ckamado\u201d originates from a japanese adaptation of the same method). modern kamado-style grills are available from many companies, though the most well known is big green egg, which popularized the concept in the us in the 1970s. because their ceramic casings are so heavily insulated, kamado-style grills can capture and hold a lot of radiant heat, making them great not just for grilling but for low-temperature cooking tasks such as barbecuing and smoking or brick-oven style pizza and bread baking at temperatures up to 700 degrees fahrenheit. fueled with lump hardwood charcoal, larger kamado-style grills include multiple racks that can be stacked vertically for baking or to let them double as a vertical smoker, giving them a considerable capacity in a relatively small space. known popularly in the us as a hibachi (a term which in japanese actually refers to a small stove used for heating; small cooking stoves are referred to as shichirin), this style of charcoal grill is very simple \u2014 a small metal box topped by a metal grate, suitable for use almost anywhere, and perfect for travel, camping, tabletop use and so forth. like most charcoal grills, they can use briquettes or lump hardwood charcoal, and they\u2019re very versatile. there are dozens of variations on the design, ranging from the stainless steel yak grill we tested to disposable, single-use charcoal hibachis meant for camping trips, tailgating or bringing to the beach. sold under many names, this style of rectangular grill has its origins in the style of cooking known in south america as asado, done on a simple grill known as a parrilla \u2014 basically a portable hearth. to use it, you ignite your coals (lump hardwood charcoal is suggested) in a firebox, or brasero, which sits next to the grilling area, then once they\u2019re white hot you dump them onto and spread them out on the main surface, above which a grill grate is suspended; to control the temperature you raise or lower the grate or change its angle. cooking on a parilla is a slow process with a learning curve, but it\u2019s great for large proteins or just preparing food for large parties. modern versions of these grills are often made out of heavy-duty carbon steel, and are not designed for portability or even to be moved around your backyard easily \u2014 the nuke delta we tested weighs 284 pounds, but that supports a\u00a0massive 40-inch-wide cooking grate with some 547 square inches of cooking space on it, so it has a huge food capacity. if you want to grill but you don\u2019t want to wait, a gas grill is the ultimate in outdoor cooking convenience. there\u2019s no fussing with fire starters or babysitting hot coals; just open the valves controlling the burners, hit the ignition button and within 10 minutes, the grill will be above 600 degrees fahrenheit and ready to go. you can have dinner ready any night of the year within 30 minutes, bad weather be damned. gas grills are also much simpler to manage than charcoal. cooking on a gas grill is nearly as easy as cooking on the stovetop. gas burners give you precise temperature control, from around 300 on up to 700 degrees fahrenheit, and individual control of multiple burners lets you adjust for small or large meals, or create cooler and hotter zones for indirect cooking and convection effects. you can, for instance, run with a single burner if you need to cook just a couple of burgers or chicken breasts for dinner, or if you want to cook a protein longer with indirect heat. so long as you set up everything correctly (and have an instant-read meat thermometer to check your proteins for doneness), you can come out looking like a grilling superhero every single time. with gas, we got solid maillard reactions when cooking meats such as burgers and steaks \u2014 nice crusts, but with a cleaner flavor because that \u201cchar\u201d was not present. we found ourselves using more marinades, sauces and seasonings with gas-grilled foods than charcoal-grilled proteins and vegetables, and the food tasted lighter. we do not view this as a negative simply because gas grilling tends to lend itself well to healthier cooking overall. propane and natural gas (gas grills can run on either, with the appropriate fittings) are clean-burning and generate excellent levels of searing heat; not quite as hot as charcoal, but hot enough for good results from most anything you\u2019d want to grill. while cooking with gas has a lot of advantages, making it a great choice for many, the technique has some downsides, the first being that it just doesn\u2019t taste like charcoal; because the clean-burning fuel doesn\u2019t impart any intrinsic flavors, you get neutral and natural-tasting grilled food rather than a smoky or charbroiled flavor. you can enhance the flavor or even get smoker-like effects at low temperatures by using foil packets of wood chips or wood pellets placed above the burners\u2019 heat deflectors, but the results are different than cooking over charcoal. since the burners are a smaller, cooler heat source than a pile of burning coals, less of the cooking in a gas grill happens by radiant heat. this means that more heat is distributed to your food via the grill itself, so you get distinct lines on your chicken breasts with relatively paler meat in between rather than the all-over crispiness you get from charcoal. finally, while there is no ash buildup and gas grills are easier to care for on a daily basis than their charcoal-burning cousins, gas grills require a little more long-term care and maintenance. you will have to periodically clean up grease and particle accumulation on the deflectors, burners, air shutter screens, catch pan, grease tray and firebox itself. gas regulators, which control the amount of gas pressure going into the grill, have a life span of five to 10 years (these cost around $50; plus, you may occasionally have to purge them if they are clogged by \u201cvapor lock\u201d). electric igniter batteries need periodic replacement as well, and the gas burners themselves may eventually require replacement, as they wear and can eventually crack (a set of three tubes usually goes for about $50). additionally, you\u2019ll want to buy a cover for your gas grill to keep it out of the elements, as weather can cause the mechanical parts to deteriorate. and if you\u2019re using propane cylinders, keep them outside in a cool, shady place. (never store them in your home or an enclosed area such as a garage, shed or basement, and keep them away from flames, sparks and temperatures above 120 degrees fahrenheit). pellet grills are ideal for anyone who wants slow-cooked, woody barbecue flavor without the fuss of charcoal. they are also perfect for aspiring grill masters who love nerdy, high-precision cooking. pellet grills function much like pellet stoves: an electrical ignition system fires up a fuel supply of hardwood pellets, then a series of fans (much like as in a convection oven) let you manage temperature very precisely using either onboard electronic controls or a connected app. pellet grills can\u2019t get as hot as charcoal or gas grills, but they can maintain stable low temperatures (under 225 degrees fahrenheit) for barbecuing or to double as smokers, and can also sear quite nicely at their limit of around 500 degrees fahrenheit. burgers, chicken thighs and sausages pleased the crowd we fed using the traeger 885 we tested, and there was not a single complaint about anything being over- or underdone. we cooked many items on the pellet grill, including pork shoulders, chicken thighs, moinkballs (bacon-wrapped meatballs), shrimp, stuffed jalape\u00f1o poppers, pastrami-wrapped hot dogs and all kinds of vegetables. everything came out perfectly cooked and juicy, but we were particularly impressed with the shrimp \u2014 a protein that is easy to overcook. we were able to do this because the traeger, like many pellet grills, features computer control over temperature, letting us cook the shrimp at a stable 225 degrees fahrenheit. it\u2019s a perfect setup for cooking tasks that require low temperatures and long cook times. while pellet grills give you some of the flavor of charcoal grilling, they can\u2019t hit the same high temperatures, so while you get the woody, smoky flavor, you won\u2019t get that quick sear and distinctive grilled taste. while pellet grills do burn wood fuel, they are fundamentally electric appliances. and though you\u2019ll get the precision control they are noted for, there can also be some discrepancies in performance. during the times we ran it at maximum temperature with steaks and burgers, the traeger 885 gave us more of a perfectly even convection oven-cooked effect rather than the kind of direct heat sear you would find with a charcoal or gas grill, with a hint of smoked fruitwood flavor rather than a charbroiled flavor. and though we didn\u2019t see the \u201ccrust\u201d on meats that you would see with a charcoal or gas grill, the computer temperature control ensured that we never overcooked anything. if you\u2019re a purist, however, this may not satisfy you in the same way. since pellet grills are electric, you\u2019ll need a weatherproof electrical outlet wherever you want to grill (or you\u2019ll need a generator or power station with an inverter to supply power). pellet grills are also much more mechanically complicated than either a charcoal grill or a gas grill because of the feed motor for the hopper/auger, heating element, electronic thermostats, fans, and computer control system. pellet grills do require periodic cleaning to prevent malfunction, which requires replacing the grease trap, emptying out the pellet hopper and removing residual sawdust, removing and cleaning grill grates, removing and cleaning the drip tray, removing and cleaning the heat deflector and cleaning out the entire interior of the grill, including all of the ash accumulation below the firepot. we cannot stress enough that because this is an electrical appliance, you want to have a weatherproof cover on the grill when it\u2019s not in use. ideally, it should also be kept in a shed, covered patio or balcony to keep it away from the elements. additionally, pellets should not be stored in a hopper for longer than a week because if they absorb too much moisture, they begin to crumble and become soft, which causes issues with temperature consistency and can cause clogs in the auger or firebox. to assess the relative strengths and weaknesses of each cooking method, over eight weeks, we dedicated the entire patio of our home to testing six grills \u2014 a weber kettle-style charcoal grill, a big green egg kamado grill, a nuke delta argentinian grill, a yak hibachi/shichirin grill, a weber genesis gas grill and a traeger ironwood 885 pellet grill. multiple flavors of traeger-brand pellets were used as fuel for the ironwood 885. propane was purchased for use with the weber genesis. for the weber kettle, we used kingsford original briquettes as fuel. for the other charcoal grills, we used brazilian eucalyptus blend and argentine quebracho lump charcoal purchased from local supermarkets in south florida. various proteins were cooked on each grill, including hand-formed burgers (typically 80% lean ground beef), new york strip steaks, brazilian tri-tip, filet mignon, chicken thighs, pork sausages, hot dogs, bacon and shrimp. various types of vegetables were also cooked, including onions, peppers, eggplants, tomatoes and corn. proteins were seasoned with a variety of rubs from different manufacturers, including traeger and weber. bbq sauces from these companies were used as glazes during the final minutes of cooking at high heat. each grill was fired using manufacturer instructions, and cooking was done after the recommended preheating period. charcoal lighting on the kettle was done using kingsford and weber chimney starters with crumpled newspaper as kindling, and the looft lighter classic was used for the lump charcoal grills. for instant temperature readings on grill heat, we used an infrared thermometer, and we used a thermapen mk4 for determining meat doneness. note: the prices above reflect the retailers' listed price at the time of publication. receive product recommendations, reviews & deals several times a week. by signing up, you agree to our privacy policy. \u00a9 2023 cable news network. a warner bros. discovery company. all rights reserved.  cnn sans \u2122 & \u00a9 2016 cable news network. your guide to a better future. our expert, award-winning staff selects the products we cover and rigorously researches and tests our top picks. if you buy through our links, we may get a commission. reviews ethics statement  | how we test grills. looking to take your steak to the next level? here are the best gas, charcoal and kamado-style grills on the market so you can upgrade your grilling game. now that spring has sprung, grilling is back on the table. everywhere in the us, people are dusting off their old grills and finding them too old for the new season. it's time to look for the hottest new grilling gadget on the market. to help you find the grill that works best for you and your budget, we've rounded up some of the best models available right now. if you're wondering what kind of grill to get, you can check out our guide to\u00a0pellet, charcoal and gas grill variants. after all, there are tons of different grill types to compare and consider, including gas grills, traditional\u00a0charcoal grills, heat-loving\u00a0kamado grills, infrared grills,\u00a0portable grills\u00a0and more. while \"the perfect grill\" may not exist for everyone, there are a lot of grills that tick a lot of boxes. it will depend on what type of food you want to grill, so bear that in mind. here are some ideas of the types of grills you might use. no matter what type of outdoor grill you choose, you should absolutely brush up on\u00a0how to clean it\u00a0(keeping that grilling surface clean with a grill brush and grill cleaner is essential in outdoor cooking) and get the\u00a0best accessories for grilling. having the right techniques and tools of the trade will complement your perfect grill, turn you into a grill master extraordinaire and make your cookouts a breeze. weber's $139 original kettle grill continues to stand the test of time as the best grill for cooking with charcoal. in our high-heat searing tests, weber delivered the best balance of seared exterior and medium rare interior steak. the weber gave us great, crispy grilled chicken skin and flavorful ribs, too. simple construction means there aren't too many parts to assemble or too many features to handle while outdoor cooking. a vent on the lid controls air flow and a well-designed ash tray beneath the grill facilitates easy cleanup. we tested the 22-inch model in black, but weber also offers an 18-inch version of its original kettle design. there are certainly fancier and more expensive grills, but for a balance of affordability and quality, you can't go wrong if you start cooking with this classic charcoal grill. when i first moved out to the high desert in california, i knew i wanted a grill that could handle enough food for a party. i also knew that moving is expensive, so it had to be affordable. i picked this heavy-duty grill up at walmart and was instantly impressed with how well it was constructed. after putting it all together it had heft to all the materials that made me think it would stand the test of time, and it did.the easily removable ashtray made keeping the grill clean a breeze, and the thermometer on the top is very helpful for smoking meats, especially if you don't want to keep lifting the lid and losing the smoke! little touches like the bottle opener and the hooks under the shelf made it even more helpful, and i used this grill for nearly 6 years before i moved again. even when i left, the new owners took it to use with their families.i have used a lot of really expensive grills, but this budget-friendly, sturdy workhorse is still one of my favorites. while the flatrock is pricey for a flat-top griddle, its quality and usefulness can't be overstated. some foods just can't be cooked on a standard grill -- like tacos and smash burgers, and a flat-top griddle makes those foods a breeze. by the way, if you've never had a smash burger, you need one in your life. they're amazing. the flatrock uses traeger's pop and lock system for accessories, so if you already have one of its grills, you can mix and match what you need. you will need to cure the flatrock's surface, but i found it an enjoyable experience to create just the right surface for my needs. i use the flatrock more than any other grill right now, and it is my go-to for burgers and tacos. when space is limited, finding the right grill to give you the taste you want can be hard. this gas grill from monument is compact on the outside but surprisingly large on the inside. it's big enough to cook a spatchcocked turkey or several large steaks and, because it's a gas grill, it's ready as soon as you want to use it.\u00a0if you only have a small outdoor space or a little balcony in your condo, this would be a great addition to make your grilling dreams come true. kamado grilling cookers, egg-shaped, ceramic, wood-burning grills that you may have seen or at least heard of, impart a delicious smoky flavor to everything they cook, and this is the best grill in the bunch. they can run low and slow for hours at smoker temperatures\u00a0and\u00a0sear at high heat levels that go well beyond the capabilities of gas grills. that's hot enough to create true steakhouse steaks and real wood-fired pizza like a pro griller. with a list price of $1,999 (if you can find it in stock), the kamado joe classic iii may have a steep luxury grill price tag, but this high end grill delivers plenty of cooking power for the money. that means lots of grilling accessories that don't come standard with other grills, including the big green egg. this kamado performs well, too. on our slow and low bbq grill test, we adjust grills to 225 degrees f (107 c) and let go of the controls to see what happens. in this trial, the joe demonstrated excellent temperature stability. this weber grill is pricey. there's no denying that. however, if you're serious about grilling and ready to invest in your outdoor kitchen, this liquid propane gas grill is absolutely a top choice for outdoor grilling. with 513 square inches of primary cooking grate space powered by 39,000 btus, plus a fold-down warming rack and a 12,000 btu side burner, you'll never want for cooking space. two cabinet doors hide a two-shelf storage area below the grill for utensils and supplies. and a fuel gauge lets you know how much fuel is left in your propane tank. the cast-iron grates retain even heat while cooking and are easy to clean. the free standing genesis ii e-335 propane grill is also one of weber's\u00a0igrill 3\u00a0compatible models, along with other genesis ii models and the spirit ii line. this $121 accessory plugs into the front of the grill and houses up to four bluetooth temperature probes. you can monitor what's happening on this gas grill via the companion app for ios and android. and right now it's included for free with the purchase of this grill. in our testing, the genesis ii e-335 turned out seared burgers with a slightly pink center, crispy chicken skin with juicy meat and fall-off-the-bone ribs. combine that great performance with weber's 10-year warranty on all grill parts, and your investment on this propane gas grill will have you set for years to come, even with heavy use. we test different types of grills differently, but for most, we include a high heat test like searing steak or grilling burgers, a medium indirect heat test like grilling a whole chicken for more than an hour and a low and slow test with racks of ribs. to determine what should be regarded as the best outdoor barbecue grill, we collect data like total cooking time, temperatures inside the grill and temperature inside separate pieces of meat. all that information helps us spot where grills might have hot spots or thermometer inconsistencies. there's also a fair amount of (read: so much) blind taste testing, lively debate and voting among our editors and families, in addition to the data we gather about grilling temperatures and cooking times. you might think it would be more fun than work to eat delicious food while discussing the merits of a grill, and you'd be right. if you're interested in any particular method of testing, we've got that, plus our full list of recommendations for cooking with\u00a0kamado grills, portable grills\u00a0and charcoal grills ready for your perusal. happy grilling! we may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back. why trust us? gas, charcoal and pellet grills at every price point. we updated this article in march 2023 to make sure all of our picks were up to date and in stock. we also added more information to each description based on extensive testing done by the good housekeeping institute. we added a pick for the best small grill and updated our best portable grill and our best pellet grill. grilling outside is one of our favorite ways to cook and it's great whether you're a beginner or a pro. we love how quickly recipes cook over an open flame, how low-fuss they are to prepare (and clean up!) and how they explode with flavor, especially when you use a good grill. the definition of a good grill varies depending on the type of grill you choose but, after testing more than 80 grills in the good housekeeping institute since 2011, we've learned that all good grills have a few things in common: they're easy to use, can achieve a good sear and maintain temperature well. to come up with our list of best grills, we referenced our archives and conducted tests on more than 45 new grills over the past three years. we've tested an assortment of full-sized gas grills, charcoal grills, pellet grills, kamado-style grills and almost 20 portable versions. each was scored on how evenly it heated, how well it seared, how quickly it cooked a variety of foods and more. we also took note of smoking and flare-ups and assessed multiple ease-of-use features like tool holders, storage space and more. here are the best grills you can buy in 2023, according to our testing. each grill in this roundup was tested in our lab and continues to be used by consumers so we can continue to report back on the grill's longevity and long-term user experience. after our picks, read on to learn more about how we tested outdoor grills and what to look for when shopping. you can also learn about our favorite grill accessories like top grill baskets and best-tested grill brushes. weber grills consistently rise to the top in our outdoor grill tests. they have solid builds with porcelain-enameled cast iron grates that heat evenly and create nice grill marks. this genesis ex-335 smart grill toasted bread the most evenly in our gas grill test and made a delicious steak with beautiful grill marks, a juicy pink center and no flare-ups. it has top-of-the-line features, including two temperature probes so you can monitor the internal temperature of food directly on the control panel or via the weber connect app. in addition to being a smart gas grill, it's loaded with other standout details like a flashlight that attaches to the lid handle; knobs that illuminate when they're in use; large, sturdy side shelves and plenty of storage space. it has three burners, a searing section and a side burner. if you can do without the smart features and are looking to spend a bit less, consider the weber genesis e-335 which also performed well in our tests. it can be tough to find a great quality grill for under $500, but the nexgrill 4-burner propane gas grill is an a+ choice for the price tag. in our tests, it showed an impressively even heating pattern and was excellent at searing steak. it delivered perfect grill marks with no noticeable smoking or flare-ups. it earned top scores for ease of use with its two side shelves, hidden storage space and convenient access to both the propane tank and grease drainage system. it includes a side burner as well and has a gleaming stainless steel exterior. this weber kettle is iconic in the industry and well-loved by consumers, so it's not surprisingly a best-seller (and its slightly less expensive version, which has an exposed ashtray, has more than 1,400 five-star reviews on amazon). it's powered by charcoal and features an enclosed ash collector below the grill that makes cleanup easy; just use the lever to swipe the ash into the metal bin. the structure is sturdy but still lightweight, with solid accessories and a removable lid that can be rested on the side of the grill, and it can be rolled around easily for storage. in our tests, the handles stayed cool during cooking and it was easy to load and maintain the charcoal during the cooking process. when it comes to cooking, this three-burner stainless steel grill is just about perfect. in our test, it turned out steaks with gorgeous grill marks that were beautifully rare and juicy. chicken came off the grates golden brown, moist and tender \u2014 and all this with barely any flare-ups. after using it for more than two years, it still heats quickly and evenly and has stood up to the new york city elements. we appreciate the many features that make it pleasant to use like sturdy side shelves, tool holders and a shelf to stash extra items. we also appreciate the propane tank holder that lets you know how much gas is left in the tank (a feature on many weber grills). it comes with porcelain-enameled cast-iron grates. this char-broil grill heated quickly and evenly in our tests and didn't flare up once, which makes it great for beginners. it turned on with no effort at all and got hot enough to sear steak and chicken without burning them. this model features char-broil's tru-infrared technology, which is basically a large metal plate that sits below the cooking grates and traps the food's juices as it cooks. once the juices hit the plate, they steam and infuse the food with more flavor. this design also helps prevent flare-ups since the burners themselves are shielded. results were juicy and not dry, though some testers missed the charring from the direct flame. in addition to the char-broil's cooking performance, we liked the simple, two-knob design that quickly responded to adjustments. when you're done cooking, the entire grill is easy to move and store away. for locations that may not allow a traditional outdoor grill, this weber electric grill is the next best thing. simply plug it in and turn it to the desired temperature using the digital precision temperature control. it works with the weber connect app to remotely monitor the grill and food temperatures. it also has dual cooking zones to simultaneously grill two different foods at different temperatures. take note that you\u2019ll need to wait for it to preheat, but thanks to the digital thermometer, you\u2019ll know exactly when it reaches the right temperature. it can be used as a tabletop grill or with a grill cart (sold separately), and the control panel comes off so it can be stored in a case indoors while the rest of the grill can remain outside. in our tests, we found the grill to be easy to use, and it cooked a strip steak with beautiful sear marks to 145\u00baf in about 8 minutes. chicken thighs came out juicy and golden, too, in under 30 minutes. not only is this grill cute and compact, but it performed great in our tests. it heated bread evenly with only a few light spots on the very edge of the grill. plus, it seared a juicy steak and made tasty chicken with limited flare-ups. while it didn't get as hot or heat as quickly as other grills we tested, we appreciated that we didn't have to worry about burning during cooking or too much smoking. the folding side shelves offered ample space to store trays, and the gas tank and grease tray were easy to access. the small footprint and lightweight construction of the grill made it easy to roll away for storage. it's the perfect grill for small spaces or someone on a budget who doesn't want to sacrifice quality. it comes in two other colors (black and a camel-colored brown.). this portable grill is good enough to stand in as your full-time grill. it has a solid and sturdy build that can stay put year-round, but it's still easy enough to fold up and light enough to roll around. we love that it has a latch that locks the lid in place when it's in the folded position for easier movement. it has a porcelain-enameled cast iron grate that can fit up to 15 burgers and reaches full heat in less than 10 minutes. in our tests, steak and chicken got beautiful sear marks, and we didn't experience any flare-ups. it lights with the press of an igniter button and uses a one-pound propane tank (or you can purchase an adaptor hose that allows it to be used with a full-size propane tank). it uses a disposable drip tray, which isn't common among the portable grills we tested and makes cleanup easy. for a portable grill without wheels, consider the weber travel q, which scored high marks in our portable grill test. this grill from kamado joe is our pick for the best overall kamado grill. it has thick ceramic walls that retain heat well and can withstand temps up to 750\u00baf. it's loaded with accessories like a built-in thermometer, side shelves, an ash removal tool, a pull-out ashtray and more. it also comes with a two-tier grilling grate so you can better control your grilling experience. kamado grills use charcoal to heat and can be used to smoke at low temperatures or grill at moderate to high temperatures. you can also make pizza at high temperatures \u2014 one of our favorite uses. the wheeled stand is helpful for moving it around, as it's very heavy. little details that set it apart from its competitors include a seal around the lid to allow for a soft close and markings on the vent to better control the temp and smoke levels. pellet grills are excellent for slow-cooking meats, fish and veggies at low temperatures using smoke. this one from traeger is one of the brand's most popular models. it's made from heavy-duty stainless steel and feels as sturdy as it looks. it has a temperature range from 165\u00baf to 500\u00baf, and you can program it right from the control panel or from the connected app that monitors the entire cooking process. in our tests, it made some of the best brisket we've ever tasted; it cooked overnight and turned out juicy with a good bend that didn't fall apart (the sign of a good brisket that's tender but not overcooked). it also made fall-off-the-bone ribs and tender chicken. compared to other pellet grills we tested, it seemed to cook gently and consistently. none of the foods we cooked ended up too soft or dry. in the good housekeeping institute, we've tested more than 80 grills since 2011, including gas grills, charcoal grills, kamado grills, pellet grills, electric grills and portable grills. (and that number doesn't even include indoor grills!) to determine which new grills to test, we first scour the internet and popular retailers for newcomers, keep our eyes peeled at industry trade shows like ces and the builder's show and communicate with brands to learn about their latest models and innovations. from there, we request samples to test and either put them together ourselves or hire an outside company to help. when we assemble the grills ourselves, we take notes on how easy or hard it is and record how long it takes, but we don't score the process since it's easy enough to buy grills pre-assembled (which we recommend!) and everyone's skill level (and patience level) is different. when we test grills, we assess performance and ease of use. for gas grills, we cover the surface with sliced white bread to determine how evenly the grill distributes heat. we cook steak and chicken to evaluate how quickly they cook with the least amount of flare-ups. we cook steak and chicken on charcoal grills as well, but we weigh ease of use more heavily since it's harder to control charcoal as a variable. when we test pellet grills, we cook steak, chicken and ribs. in terms of ease of use, we value clear instructions, labeled parts and simple assembly. we also consider helpful accessories like shelves, side tables, tool holders, built-in thermometers, wheels, types of igniters and more. after we complete our testing, we compare all of our notes to determine which performed the best. \u2714\ufe0f fuel type: the first thing to consider is what type of grill you'd like. the two main types are gas and charcoal. gas is easy to use while charcoal is trickier to master but delivers a smokier taste. there are also kamado grills that use charcoal and pellet grills that use wood pellets. (more on the pros and cons of each below.). \u2714\ufe0f size: once you narrow down the type of grill you'd like to buy, think of how much room you have to use and store it, as well as how many people you're cooking for at a time. three-burner gas grills are ideal for families of four or fewer but can still handle the occasional party. a 22-inch diameter is common for charcoal grills. if you don't have a lot of room, consider a portable grill that's typically much smaller but does the trick in terms of turning out a delicious meal. \u2714\ufe0f accessories: while side shelves and tool holders may not seem important, they make the overall grilling experience smoother. we also like shelves underneath the grill for storage, a quality set of wheels, tank holders for gas grills and more. when buying a new outdoor grill, the two biggest players are gas and charcoal, but electric, kamado and pellet grills are also fair game. when selecting what type of grill to buy, consider how often you'll be grilling, the amount of space you have for storage, what flavors you prefer and the amount of time and attention you'll want to spend cooking. here are the basics on each:. \u2714\ufe0f gas grills are popular for good reason. they offer excellent temperature control, plus they ignite with the push of a button, heat up quickly and are easy to clean. it's the go-to option for no-fuss grillers who plan to barbecue frequently. just keep in mind that you'll need fuel from a propane tank or natural gas line on your property. \u2714\ufe0f charcoal grills use briquettes or lump charcoal as fuel. charcoal is more hands-on and takes time to heat up and cool down, but it imparts a better, smokier flavor than gas because it often gets hotter. it's best for grilling purists. \u2714\ufe0f kamado grills use charcoal to heat but are often made of ceramic and have thicker walls than classic charcoal grills. they can reach very hot temperatures, like a pizza oven, and they retain heat well for low-and-slow smokes. \u2714\ufe0f electric grills plug in and can't be beat for ease of use or convenience \u2014 especially grills that can be used indoors. just don't expect steaks or burgers cooked on an electric grill to taste like the ones from a real bbq. \u2714\ufe0f pellet grills are a growing category. they use electricity and hardwood pellets made out of wood scraps to heat. pellets provide a delicious, authentic hardwood flavor to food but can be costly. nicole papantoniou is the director of the good housekeeping institute kitchen appliance and culinary innovation lab, where she oversees all kitchen appliance content and testing. this is her fourth season testing grills for good housekeeping, and she has had her hands on 40 grills and counting. she's a trained cook, recipe developer and grilling aficionado. nicole (she/her) is the director of the good housekeeping institute's kitchen appliances and innovation lab, where she has overseen content and testing related to kitchen and cooking appliances, tools and gear since 2019. she\u2019s an experienced product tester and recipe creator, trained in classic culinary arts and culinary nutrition. she has worked in test kitchens for small kitchen appliance brands and national magazines, including family circle and ladies\u2019 home journal. 8 best outdoor home projectors you can buy. 10 best pressure washers of 2023, expert-tested. 7 best solar generators of 2023, tested by experts. 10 best outdoor rugs 2023. 20 best pool lounge chairs of 2023. 10 best swing sets of 2023. 25 pergola ideas to transform your backyard. the outdoor speakers our tech experts swear by. 7 best outdoor heaters of 2023. 8 best lawn mowers in 2023. 6 best snow blowers of 2023. 9 best outdoor christmas lights. a part of hearst digital media. good housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites. \u00a9hearst magazine media, inc. all rights reserved. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. at this time of year, most of us are longing for those summer days when we can be outside with our loved ones enjoying a cookout and some delicious grilled food. but, if it\u2019s time to spruce up your outdoor space, you will likely want to start by knowing more about the best gas grills. after all, those burgers, wings, and dogs aren\u2019t going to cook themselves next summer. speaking of delicious grilled food, a recent study finds that americans everywhere love grilling, despite the temperature outside. a recent survey conducted by onepoll on behalf of kansas city steak company asked 2,000 americans about their grilling habits and discovered some interesting trends. the survey found that 39% of respondents report grilling in a rainstorm while 56% say they enjoy grilling year-round, regardless of the weather. moreover, nearly 63% say that grilling is a healthy hobby of theirs. you might also be surprised to learn that the same study found that americans\u2019 grilled food preferences have shifted to chicken over burgers. 56% of respondents say they look forward to grilling chicken while 51% say they\u2019ve experimented with grilling fruits and vegetables such as watermelon, corn, and pineapple on the grill. but, grilled foods aren\u2019t the only therapeutic part of summer. according to a survey of 2,000 americans conducted by onepoll on behalf of broil king, 60% of respondents feel that grilling is an activity that defines summer. likewise, 42% of respondents claim to have had \u201clife-changing\u201d conversations with friends and family while gathering around their grill. if all this doesn\u2019t make the case for upgrading your outdoor space, patio, or deck to include a grill, then perhaps nothing will. but, enough of the surveys and studies, you came here looking for the best gas grills and that\u2019s exactly what we\u2019re bringing you. study finds did the research, consulting 10 \u2018expert\u2019 websites to find the best gas grills available on the market today. of course, we invite you to give us your own recommendations for your favorite gas grills in the comments section below! the top spot on the list of expert recommendations for the best gas grills undoubtedly goes to the weber genesis ii e-335. this baby is a gem of a gas grill as it sat in the top spot across nearly every expert list we consulted. these gas grills are designed to cook your outdoor foods to perfection, but perhaps the best part is they\u2019re built to last. \u201cit\u2019s the top gas grill for serious foodies and offers total control over three burners. and, it\u2019s definitely built to last,\u201d writes gardeningetc. three burners are nice and all, but the appeal of this gas grill is in the technology that weber delivers. \u201cwe enjoyed using the weber connect smart grilling app for notifications about when our food would be ready. this made it a lot easier to deliver that perfectly medium-rare steak,\u201d adds gardeningetc. although this isn\u2019t the cheapest option you\u2019ll find for a gas grill, this is a top choice for updating your outdoor space. \u201cthis weber grill is pricey. there\u2019s no denying that. however, if you\u2019re serious about grilling and ready to invest in your outdoor kitchen, this liquid propane gas grill is absolutely a top choice for outdoor grilling,\u201d explains cnet. one of the neatest features of this grill has nothing to do with smart technology. instead, weber focused on designing the perfect grill racks for generating the best flavor. \u201cthe weber genesis ii e-335 really impressed me with its flavorizer bars, which are angled stainless steel. they leave delicious sear lines on steak and eggplant with perfectly grilled results,\u201d writes homes and gardens. the next spot on the list of best gas grills goes to the char-broil gas2coal hybrid grill. with the char-broil gas2coal hybrid grill, you can switch seamlessly between gas and coal for your fuel source \u2013 extremely rare in the grilling world. \u201cthe char-broil gas2coal hybrid grill offers the best of both worlds. you can cook on one, two, or all three burners, or use them to ignite coal to achieve a smoky flavor without the typical fuss of getting the grill going. as a hybrid grill, this versatile choice will be popular with just about any user,\u201d writes homes and gardens. one of the turnoffs for most people when it comes to cooking with coal is the messy cleanup, but it looks like char-broil thought of that, too. \u201cit\u2019s also easy to clean, and simple to switch between gas and coal plus it features a warming rack for when your timing is a bit off. not only is it great for cooking for a crowd, but it even has an in-built bottle opener to make for fewer trips to the kitchen,\u201d explains gardeningetc. the versatility of this unit has put the gas2coal grill near the top of many expert lists for the best gas grills. \u201cyou can use this grill to cook just about anything from halloumi to steak, burgers, and even scallops. it also has a side burner which is perfect for, you guessed it: your side dishes. assembly took a while but it\u2019s sturdy, reliable, and easy to use,\u201d writes gardeningetc. \u201cit\u2019s also compatible with a huge range of charbroil gear trax accessories, letting you fully customise your grill with stuff like a magnetic toolbar, container bucket, or bottle holder,\u201d adds t3. the next spot on the list of best gas grills as recommended by the experts goes to the napoleon prestige pro 500 propane gas grill. perhaps best known for fireplaces, napoleon is also a premium brand in the home heating and cooling and outdoor gas grill industries. the napoleon prestige pro 500 is nothing short of extraordinary. \u201cnapoleon describes the prestige pro 500 as a \u2018work of functional art\u2019 and it\u2019s hard to disagree. this professional-style grill has a huge 900-square-inch cooking surface with infrared zone burners that produce 80,000 btus. propane or natural gas makes its way through thousands of small holes in the ceramic plates of the burners producing temperatures that reach 1800 degrees fahrenheit in 30 seconds,\u201d raves homes and gardens. this grill comes in two models, one for propane and one for natural gas. according to forbes, you can\u2019t really go wrong with either, but the natural gas model is great for anyone with that option. \u201cfor the record, you can buy this configured for a liquid propane hookup, but when you go with hard-lined natural gas, you never have to worry about your fuel source again,\u201d writes forbes. and if you\u2019re looking for a permanent fixture for your outdoor kitchen, this grill is probably the choice. \u201cit\u2019s an expensive option and one that will require meticulous maintenance, but we think the napoleon prestige pro 500 [rsib] is the top choice for those who want to invest in the ultimate gas grill that will be used year after year,\u201d adds gardeningetc. yes, weber made another appearance across most of the expert lists we looked at for best gas grills and this time it\u2019s for the weber spirit series. the weber spirit ii e-310 along with other models across the weber spirit line of gas grills are some of the highest-quality grills you can consider for your outdoor space. \u201cthe weber spirit gas grill has premium-feel knobs and a stainless steel lid. its porcelain-enameled cast iron grates are also durable and easy to clean,\u201d writes this old house. cast iron is a great choice for cooking surfaces, especially grill grates. this weber gas grill offers more beyond durability, though. \u201cdual side tables and a half dozen tool hooks help keep you organized as you cook, while the easy push-button ignition system makes turning it on a cinch. and it\u2019s backed up by a 10-year warranty on all parts,\u201d adds forbes. although the warranty is one of the best aspects of choosing a weber product, the spirit gas grills are ideal for hosting get-togethers in the summer. \u201cthis spirit gives you the quality and performance that weber is known for at a more moderate price. while it\u2019s smaller than the genesis, there\u2019s still room on the porcelain enamel cast iron grates for twenty burgers, more than enough for a family get together,\u201d explains food network. last up on the list of the best gas grills is the cuisinart 3-in-1 stainless 5 burner grill. this grill simply appeared on too many expert lists to deny that it\u2019s one of the top options out there, and it\u2019s affordable, too. \u201cwith the cuisinart you can expand your outdoor cooking options. it comes with a cast iron griddle for frying eggs, bacon, or melted cheese sandwiches or making your famous smashed burgers. it also comes in handy for saut\u00e9ing small items like veggies or shrimp that tend to fall through the grates,\u201d writes food network. cooking eggs, bacon, and sandwiches on the grill? yes, you can cook most all of your meals on this diverse outdoor gas grill. \u201cit\u2019s called 3-in-1 because it\u2019s a gas grill that comes with a smoke tube and a cast iron griddle. when grilling, the heat profile of 3-in-1 is remarkably even and has an impressively high temperature range,\u201d explains serious eats. and this grill comes with plenty of bells and whistles. \u201con both sides of the grill, you\u2019ll find side tables to rest your tools and in one there\u2019s a burner for keeping a glaze or basting sauce warm. other extras include a thermometer in the hood and a warming rack for heating,\u201d adds food network. note: this article was not paid for nor sponsored. studyfinds is not connected to nor partnered with any of the brands mentioned and receives no compensation for its recommendations. view matthew's article archive. the fact that the napoleon is not #1, and that charbroil is even on the list to begin with (nevermind that it\u2019s ranked higher) makes this ranking a joke. charbroil are about the lowest quality you can buy, and weber isn\u2019t much better these days. their quality has also dropped drastically in recent years. if you\u2019re in the market for a grill, i suggest you research them individually. take this article with a grain of salt. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. best fantasy books of all-time: top 5 novels most recommended by reviewersa robot snake could help nasa scientists make contact with alien lifebest pillows: top 5 cozy brands most recommended by expertsbest frozen pizzas: top 5 freezer slices most recommended by experts. use promo code sfship for free shipping. \u00a9 2023 41 pushups, llc. when you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. here\u2019s how it works. gardeningetc reviews the best grills from weber, char-broil, traeger and big green egg. no yard is complete without the best grill. whether it's a gas, charcoal or pellet model, a grill will see you through the summer months with endless family cookouts and garden parties. choosing the best grill will require a bit of research, but we've done the hard work for you and tested top choices from weber, char-broil, big green egg and more. while testing, we took into consideration how easy these grills were to assemble, the convenience of the cleaning process, and the additional features on offer. some grills come with smartphone controls that allow you to monitor the temperature of your food or remotely, and other pellet grills come with self-feeding hoppers that keep fuel levels at the perfect point for your desired heat level. most importantly, we made sure these grills did a brilliant job of cooking everything from sausages to steaks. there are a few signs of a great grill all of which we tested for in our grill reviews. one is the consistency of the heating elements, which make sure that your food is evenly cooked through without any toughness. many opt for charcoal grills to make sure their food comes out smokey and packed with barbecue flavor, but an increasing amount of the best gas grills come with cast-iron grates to allow it to season over time, delivering max flavor for your flame-grilled chicken or veggies. why you can trust gardeningetc \n\n\nour expert reviewers spend hours testing and comparing products and services so you can choose the best for you. find out more about how we test. if you like smart tech then you're going to love cooking on this smart grill. once you've built the weber genesis ii ex-335 gbs (it takes a bit of time), you'll be able to monitor everything from your phone, so you can simply let the gas grill do all the hard work while you relax in the backyard. \u00a0it's this built-in smart technology that gives this grill its premium price. there's no denying that this grill is big in stature so if you want to store it inside during the colder months then you'll need a large space in your shed or garage.\u00a0the side tables don't drop down flat either, so you can't even reduce the width of the bbq to help with storage. it would be worth investing in a suitable cover if you want or need to keep it outside. it's advised in the manual that the grill will need a thorough deep clean at least twice a year, but if you use it fairly regularly then you should aim to do this quarterly. the instructions are pretty comprehensive and this took us around 45 minutes to do when reviewing it. if you have preconceived notions about charcoal grills \u2013 throw them out. the large big green egg, as featured in our best kamado grill (opens in new tab) guide, surpasses everything you think you know about charcoal grilling and is a great one to introduce you to this grilling style. this kamado-style grill and smoker is designed with an interior ceramic material that allows for temperatures of up to 750 degrees and versatile cooking experiences, including baking, roasting, grilling, or smoking. many people dislike charcoal grills because the lighting process can seem complicated, but that\u2019s not the case with this egg. just fill up the large big green egg with lump charcoal (never use briquets or lighter fluid), open the chimney and bottom draft door, and then light a fire starter. it takes 15 minutes to heat to about 400 degrees. manage the temperature by opening and closing the chimney and watch the temperature move up and down on the built-in gauge. you can cook quite a bit on the large big green egg, from steaks to ribs, vegetables, soups, and chili. smoking meats, like fall-of-the-bone ribs, brisket, or salmon, is easily done with this grill. bake desserts, bread, or even a pizza (especially with the added purchase of a conveggtor, a ceramic barrier that allows for indirect cooking). the only drawback is that the price for the large big green egg doesn\u2019t include a cart to hold the grill, which is necessary if you don\u2019t have an outdoor kitchen which you want to integrate the grill into. this compact and affordable grill from char-griller comes highly rated by our reviewer alex. she enjoyed using this gas grill in her yard, for cooking everything from veggies to fish and meat, all at the same time. it's very easy to use thanks to its smart capabilities, which means that you can cook alfresco minus the stress of timings, and without the need to constantly check on your barbecue. it has a generous cooking area considering its compact size, and it even has a warming rack. a very simple to use grill, it has porcelain-coated steel and cast-iron cooking grates though you'll need to season them ahead of use. what we love about this grill is that you can set the desired temperature and it will alert you once it's ready for your food. it also has a built-in meat probe and a fan, plus a removable warming rack. it's great for cooking for large parties. it offers plenty of onboard storage thanks to two side shelves and a couple of hooks for your tools. plus, it has a shelf underneath the actual grill for holding drinks, etc... whilst cooking, we noticed that this grill did burn through charcoal quite fast. when it comes to cleaning and maintenance, ash removal is simple. you can roll it back into your garage afterward or buy a cover and leave it out. can't decide whether to cook on gas, or cook on coal? the char-broil gas2coal can do both. this is something which our reviewer loved about it; it was so convenient to be able to cook with gas, and tasty after throwing on some authentic smokey charcoal.\u00a0the cooking results were preferred when cooking with charcoal, but the gas burners were so easy to ignite and made for a quick bbq with painless clean-up.\u00a0it really is the best of both worlds. assembly, however, did take a while but it was totally worth it. and another thing to note is that the side burner grate is positioned high above the burner itself, which means it's vulnerable to gusts of wind and also takes a while to heat a saucepan or frying pan. this is easy enough to just put down the cover of this burner and use it as a resting place, though. cleaning and maintaining the gas2coal is relatively easy and is something which should be done after every use. it's a little messier to clean after using the coal owing to having to dispose of the ashes, but this is something which is to be expected when cooking with this fuel type. if you are searching for a portable grill to take on vacations, or on a camping trip, then this one from weber is brilliant. in fact, we tested it on a city terrace that's compact in size, and it fared very well. it offers everything a normal-size charcoal can, without a huge amount of floor space required to do so. it's the best bet for anyone short on space with a tiny budget and a small family to feed. plus, it's totally faff-free with no extra features such as a side burner or wi-fi connectivity. equipped with a lid, you can use this grill to cook anything from a dozen burgers to kebabs, sausages, and even large joints of meat and veggies, too. just bear in mind it doesn't have a built-in temperature dial. the size of its cooking space is impressive considering its footprint, though you might need to batch cook on it if you are cooking for a large group. you can also use it to indirectly cook your food and you could create a keep warm area on your grill. this all-in-one unit is easy to store and even easier to cart around. its legs are foldable and help keep the grill secure when not in use. it's super easy to clean due to its compact size and you can put its grates in a dishwasher for ease. this grill also comes in a gas version for those who are interested in a portable grill but want the ease of gas cooking. we were blown away in testing by how powerful the traeger pro 575 pellet grill is when it comes to smoking, grilling, and cooking.\u00a0it's definitely one for serious cooks, or for anyone who likes to impress their guests. cook fish, meat, and veggies with this pellet grill. it's got a drum-shaped body that can fit larger cuts of meat, too.\u00a0it's an ideal buy for anyone with plenty of patio space, and a love for outdoor cooking. a wi-fi-operated smoker grill? you heard us right. you can receive alerts when your food reaches the ideal temperature, and monitor your grill from the traeger app even when you're indoors. simply fill the hopper with pellets, plug it in, switch it on at the back, select the temperature you want it to reach, press the ignite button and you\u2019re sorted.\u00a0it automatically adds more pellets when required, and if you're cooking a joint of meat it makes sense to use the meat probe. this connects to your phone so that you can check cooking progress as you rustle up a side salad or clean the house before guests arrive. considering its size, it's also quite simple to clean after use, too. the smart design is what caught our eye with the weber traveler. it has a generous cooking area but folds down to a pull-along for easy transportation. we rated it 4.5-stars out of 5, mostly because of how easy it is to use, clean and cart around. it's app-connected, too, and it offers a handy prep surface. it's the ultimate portable gas grill for large families that might want to avoid a charcoal option. if you're often staycationing, then this is the buy for you. beyond the sturdy wheels and grippy handle, this grill is useful for more than just traveling. because it folds flat we could imagine it propped against the wall of our garage when not in use.\u00a0it's also got smaller, disposable gas canisters that won't take up much space, either.\u00a0whilst handy for being on the go, this is something to consider if you're trying to be eco-conscious. design aside, we were wowed by the cooking space that weber has been able to pack into the traveler. it cooked up corn and an enormous tomahawk steak with plenty of space to spare. we think it could cook for four to six people, easy. the newest weber grill to join the genesis family, the spx-435 is brilliant for any budding chefs, or for anyone who takes cooking on their grill seriously. this smart grill offers everything you need to cook a wow-worthy feast outdoors, to impress your neighbors and your dinner guests. moreover, its features make it easy to use whether you are cooking for 4 or 24 people. it offers almost 1,000 square inches of cooking space in total, plus it has a side burner. the weber genesis spx-435 is capable of cooking anything. this even includes your thanksgiving turkey, plus extras. even better? you can use it after dark thanks to its built-in lighting, plus it has plenty of space to keep any food warm to help balance timings. it features heaps of storage including two side tables (one of which is a secret burner) for extra prep space. it also has a storage locker underneath. it has a thermometer probe to ensure your meat and fish are properly cooked to perfection, this probe is smart and will notify your phone once your food is ready. just bear in mind that this grill can't keep itself at a set temperature without your help. when it comes to storage, you'll need to ensure you have somewhere spacious for this grill to live in the wetter months. a large grill like this does require some time spent on maintenance. the grill grates need to be brushed before each use and you'll need to check for grease and discard any that might be lurking in the grill's tray. the latest grill from world-renowned chef heston blumenthal, the everdure furnace is the ultimate gas grill for anyone with a keen eye for cooking, and for those who would rather spend money on something that's created with style in mind. this do-it-all model can have your food cooked fast, whilst looking lovely in your yard and impressing your guests in more ways than one. while testing, we found that it's great for amateurs and chefs alike, and we loved that it has three burners that you can individually control. it's a prime example of both function and form. ready to cook within five minutes, you can use this gas grill to cook pretty much anything you desire. with a built-in temperature gauge, it's easy to use even when you're cooking for a large group of people. it's plenty sizeable for tackling a party, in fact, it can cook up to 28 burgers at one time, and it has heaps of space so that you can separate your burgers from your wings and your veggies. unfortunately, it doesn't have a keep warm space although you could use one of the burners on the lowest temperature for this. design-wise, it comes in a range of colors and offers storage space underneath for holding everything from your buns to your ketchup. and in terms of build, it's definitely made to survive years of use, though it's too nice to leave outside for the elements to damage. it's on wheels for easy moving. we also tested the everdure force 2 (opens in new tab) which is a very similar barbecue but with two burners instead of three. we rated this 4 stars out of 5 also. if you have a smaller budget, a smaller family, and a smaller yard, then go for the force 2 instead of the furnace. at just 14.5\" in diameter, this tabletop grill is the best buy for anyone with a smaller yard, terrace, or balcony to work with. it's a great option if you're on a smaller budget, too. not to mention that it cooks burgers exceptionally well, plus you can fit more than you would think on its cooking space. we tested this grill over a number of uses and have decided it's best for anyone who needs something compact that won't take up any floor space in their yard. compact and lightweight at just 7.7lbs, this grill stands on three legs and it comes with a lid so that you can evenly cook your food every time. this lid will give your food a desirable yet subtle smoky taste, and with enough cooking space for 6+ burgers or three steaks, you could also use this grill to cook a small chicken with ease. we even used it to cook an entire tomahawk steak. just bear in mind that since it's fuelled with charcoal it doesn't have temperature control. the lid also can sit on a stand to shield wind away whilst your grill is lighting, or whilst it's lit. due to its nature, you can take this grill with you to the beach, for a picnic, or even on vacation. its lid handle even tucks under the main handle, though we noticed when testing that this isn't the most secure if you are worried about ash or charcoal spillage. it's available in six fancy color options and it can easily fit under your arm for carrying, or inside a cabinet for storing, and you can leave it outside if need be. when it comes to cleaning, just give the cooking grates a rinse in your sink and wipe down the interior. it's pretty simple to keep clean. fully assembled weber genesis ii ex-335 gbs smart bbq in review. our tips for finding the grill? make sure you're buying from a brand you can trust - that's why our grill reviews can be a useful place to check before you make that all-important purchase. we always put the grills through their paces in our reviews, cooking a wide range of different food on them to see how well they fare. and we don't just use them once either. our reviews can be months in the making as we aim to use them as many times as possible before writing the review so we can give you a really in-depth and honest opinion on whether they are worth the investment. our editor, beth, tested our number 1 pick, the weber genesis ii ex-335 gbs. she lives in the midlands in the uk with her husband and two kids, and spends a lot of time in her garden hosting bbqs for family and friends. she's cooked on both charcoal and gas bbqs for a number of years, but the weber genesis was the first smart barbecue she has tested. she rated it 5 stars thanks to its ease of use, clever features and the great results she got when grilling on it. alex is a freelancer for gardeningetc, with lots of hands-on experience with some of the best grills. she lives in dallas and with an acre of land that came with her new home, she has lots of patio space to play with when it comes to grilling. in fact, she has reviewed a total of three grills within this guide. alex has had hands-on experience with weber genesis spx-435 whilst reviewing it for our sister brand, homes & gardens. she's also tested the sought-after big green egg, giving it 5 stars too. she recently tested the char-griller akorn kamado grill and was very impressed by its size and capabilities, giving it 4.5 stars out of 5. millie is the head of reviews at future, concentrating on our homes and gardens brands. millie reviewed the char-broil gas2coal for us in her parent's countryside backyard. she loves this hybrid grill and its convenience and rated it 4.5 stars in total. annie has tested a huge range of portable grills for us on her terrace in london. with a small amount of space to work with, annie rates these grills on what they can offer bearing in mind their footprint, and how convenient they are to use and store. annie tested the weber go anywhere and she loved it. in fact, it's now her go-to grill for cooking burgers, sausages, and other smaller barbecue foods. she rated it 5 stars and thinks it's great for taking on days out or vacations. the weber smokey joe premium has also been tested by annie, and it now resides in her parent's back garden. she used this grill to cook everything from kebabs to a tomahawk steak, and it cooked all food extremely well. it's not as portable as the go anywhere, but is a handy buy for smaller spaces for sure. ginevra is the deputy editor at ideal home, though she often reviews products (mostly grills) for gardeningetc, too. gin has a small family and a small patio, so she's always searching for something compact yet feature-packed. gin tested both the traeger pro 575 pellet grill and the weber traveler go for us. she enjoyed cooking on both, having rated them 4.5 stars out of 5. the weber grill she tested is a portable option that would be great for campers, otherwise, it folds away to sit in your garage and take up minimal space. the smoker, on the other hand, is quite sizeable but it can really do it all. the everdure furnace (opens in new tab) review was carried out on our sister brand livingetc, by editor pip rich. there is a lot to consider when buying a grill for your bbq area (opens in new tab), but the most important factor is the fuel. that\u2019s because the type of fuel a grill uses can tell you what your cooking experience will be like and how your food might cook. here\u2019s what you need to know before you start kitting out your outdoor grill station (opens in new tab):. gas grills are super popular, especially among those who don\u2019t have a lot of experience with grilling. simply open the gas valve, turn or push the ignition button, and the grill is ready to go in about 10-15 minutes. for many, that\u2019s a simple and efficient way to grill, especially on a week night or when you have a lot of mouths to feed. that said, gas grills aren\u2019t known for producing the tastiest of flavors among grills. sure, they can achieve those delightful grill lines and the food will taste good, however, if you want a gas grill and juicier flavors choose an infrared gas grill or one that has flavorizer bars. though they work in different ways, they both result in food that\u2019s tastier and tender. if a grill uses wood pellets, there are a few things you can assume about it. first, it will need an outlet to work. second, it will be designed so that you can put the wood pellets in a hopper, set a timer, and leave the grill alone until the food is ready. wood pellet grills are pretty self-sufficient, and many are outfitted with wi-fi (though not all). plus, they\u2019re great for smoking or grilling meats because they add that woody-smoky flavor that you could only otherwise achieve with actual wood. many barbecue enthusiasts swear by charcoal grills and smokers, because they allow you to smoke meats. if you buy a charcoal grill, you\u2019ll need to see if it allows for briquettes or lump charcoal (or both). many modern charcoal grills will have a basket that makes ash clean up quite easy. when it comes to how to cook on a charcoal grill (opens in new tab), keep in mind that it will take a bit longer for the charcoal to heat before you start cooking, though some charcoal grills are designed so that it only takes 15 minutes. now you've chosen your preferred grill, make sure you read up on how to clean a bbq (opens in new tab), so you can keep your grill on great condition regardless of whether you've opted to cook with gas, wood pellets or charcoal. when deciding on the right grill for you, you should ask yourself how many people you want to cook for, and whether you have any fuel preferences. another big factor is the price, because some grills come in at well over $1,000, which will not be an option for every buyer. many grills come in at over $1,000, but it is easy to find a good grill for under $200. there are some features you can forego if you want to save some money and still find a quality, well-made grill. one is the number of burners, because most grills will go down in cost as they get smaller in size. another thing to consider is that kettle charcoal grills tend to be less expensive than gas grills, both in the ongoing running cost and in the up-front purchase price. many grills will come with clearly marked dimensions and even an indication of how many burgers will fit onto your cooking area. while this is helpful for conceptualizing your grill before you press pay, it's not always a good indication of how many people a grill will cook for. when you think of grills you've attended or hosted in the past, you'll likely remember that most food cooks very fast and can be done in batches, meaning only one or two burners will be needed to feed a whole family if you're happy to spend more time on the cooking itself. there are three main choices: gas, charcoal and pellet. however, many grills also come in 'hybrid' designs which use electricity or gas to heat charcoal for an easier cooking experience. if you want to stick to one fuel type, a gas model will heat fast and simply require a dial and ignition button to get going. however, they do mean you have to buy gas canisters to keep your grill going, and these can sometimes run out unexpectedly. a charcoal grill will simply require briquettes to keep it running, but you'll need to spend more time igniting and maintaining a charcoal bbq. they can make it hard to get consistent temperatures, but they will give your food a smokey flavor every time. to get the best from your new grill, our guide on how to light a bbq (opens in new tab) has step-by-step advice. there are also electric grills for creating your alfresco meals. they\u2019re convenient but there\u2019s no smoke, of course. gas grills tend to be easier to clean than charcoal models, and you won't need to dispose of ash between uses. in our tests we did find that some fat and food remnants would fall through the grates of our gas models, and we did have to get stuck in to remove these. take a look at whether you can use the dishwasher to help you clean up after cooking, plus our guide on how to clean grill grates (opens in new tab) has some useful tips. some grills are designed to be storage-friendly, with foldable designs that can be propped against a wall when not in use. many gas grills come with side panels that will act as a food prep area when raised, but can be lowered to make them easier to put in the shed when not in use. don\u2019t forget that a grill itself will need storage in winter \u2013 or a good cover. wheels to help you move it into storage are also handy if it\u2019s a weighty model. for more outdoor cooking options, check out the best pizza ovens (opens in new tab). alex temblador is a dallas-based award-winning author and freelance writer that has covered home, design, architecture, and art in publications like\u00a0real homes,\u00a0gardeningetc,\u00a0home & gardens,\u00a0dwell,\u00a0architectural digest,\u00a0artsy,\u00a0neighborhoods.com,\u00a0culture trip. gardens\nwatching garden visitors for just one hour in the big garden birdwatch 2023 could help provide vital data to protect birds from the effects of climate change. by jayne dowle\n\u2022\n\npublished 7 january 23. grow your own\nlearn how to chit potatoes before planting them in the ground and you\u2019ll be on your way to getting an earlier and bigger harvest. by drew swainston\n\u2022\n\npublished 6 january 23. other versions of this page are available with specific content for the following regions:. gardeningetc is part of future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher.  visit our corporate site.\n\u00a9\nfuture us, inc. full 7th floor, 130 west 42nd street,\nnew york,\nny 10036. if you're a religious carnivore like me, you know that a premium gas grill yields the most delicious-tasting roasted steaks and chicken breasts. over the past five years, i've tested different gas grills until i finally curated a list of the best feature-rich and affordable ones. read to the end to find my best gas grill recommendation. the weber genesis ii e 335 is another great gas grill in a long line of high-end weber grills. its primary burners, the side burner, and the searing station give exceptional heat and cooking capacities. while the grilling system has high-quality primary burners, it also includes stainless steel flavorizer rods for that characteristic grilled smokey flavor, as well as a grease control system to aid with cleanup and to make the system works more smoothly. the burner gas grill is available in both natural gas and liquid propane tank versions. the entire grilling space is 669 square inches, divided between a heating rack and a core cooking area. it can conveniently accommodate up to 20 burgers for your buddies and family. i love the versatility of the side tables to give you a place to store your cooking equipment and seasonings. aside from that, the cast iron grate on this propane gas grill is porcelain-enameled for easy cleaning. i love the weber spirit ii e-310's compact size, which makes it easy to fit into tight spaces on my patio. the cooking surface is massive, but i feel like the hood is shallow compared to other weber models. so if you're planning to barbecue for a large crowd, i suggest doing so in a couple of batches. thanks to the two solid wheels, you can easily roll this gas grill to where you want. the build quality is robust and sturdy, so you don't have to worry about durability if you're a frequent griller. note that the spirit ii e hood size is quite small, so you can't grill a large whole turkey at once. aside from the open cart design, many color options, and space-saving dimensions, i love that the spirit ii e supports a bluetooth grilling thermometer. one of the weber spirit ii e-310's biggest disadvantages is how easily it flares up. it's unpleasant and dangerous that every time a little marinade dripped onto the grates, it flared up massively. the char-broil commercial 4-burner is an excellent, straightforward gas grill with a dual internal layer to retain heat during cooking. i love that it has a diverse heat range that is both low enough for smoking and high enough for searing. additionally, by sprinkling food-grade pellets or sawdust between the cast iron grates directly below the meal, you can easily generate smoke for smoking meat. like most gas grills, this one uses a battery-operated ignition and has stainless steel burners. this 4-burner also has a 13,000 btu side burner with a cast iron skillet that is porcelain plated with a sizable hinged cover. although it has infrared technology, i was a bit disappointed with how easily this grill was over-smoked when i first grilled fatty burgers. the pit boss gas grill includes two burners that can be operated separately, providing freedom in preparing your meals. both can be turned up to full power to produce an inferno ideal for quickly searing meat and obtaining those distinctive stripes. alternatively, you can scale back the heat and create a cooler setting ideal for reheating meals or reverse searing. lighting the grill couldn't be simpler; it has a push-button electric starter. all you need to do is connect the gas, pick the correct setting, and push. with this gas grill, you can turn it down and cook low and slow because of the thick lid. i love the front-mounted knobs, which make it simple to change the heat setting, allowing for exact temperature control. the grill includes foldable legs and two practical side-mounted clips that are ideal for anchoring the heavy cover when transporting it. however, the legs are not lockable, so it might be difficult to balance it steadily on a rugged surface. i recommend this if you are searching for the perfect gas grill for a tailgate party, as you can easily fold it down to become rather small. the e3001 pro is a well-thought-out design from char-griller. although it is priced higher than entry-level grills, it includes many features you desire in a mid-to-high-end gas barbecue grill. it includes a flip-top burner on the left-side table and two stainless steel propane gas grill components. i appreciate that its built-in electrical igniter uses a single aa battery to power it and light all the burners. note that you can use either natural or propane gas for this grill, depending on which one you can access. quality is essential when buying a grill, and char-griller takes note of this. in the entire structure, high-duty steel predominated. the black powder coat is solid and long-lasting as well. its cast-iron serves as the main grill grate for enhanced searing and heat retention. additionally, the cast iron grates feature a unique porcelain coating that makes them non-stick and facilitates easy cleanup. it's possible to remove the propane gas grill grates and wash them with soapy water if something gets stuck in the corners, like caramelized ingredients. the porcelain-coated grates will also stop any rust or corrosion that the water may otherwise cause. one of the things i didn't like on the grill is the small grill ports that easily clog up if you use an excess marinade. this also made cleanup more cumbersome. this first full-size grill from cuisinart is devised with durability and style in mind. you can evenly distribute 44,000 btus of cooking heat throughout the 486 square inches of cooking area thanks to the 4 independently controlled burners. additionally, there is a built-in heating rack that adds 202 square inches of capacity if you need it. this grill was designed with the user in mind and has a detachable cast iron griddle and a simple twist ignition. additionally, there\u2019s a good storage area for your propane tank, and the two side tables also offer a ton of extra area for your barbecue. i love that the stainless steel lid also contains a highly accurate built-in thermometer to monitor your cooking temperatures. all these great features are integrated into a cart base with a solid face for increased stability. note that this gas grill doesn't come with a tank holder, so placing your propane tank on the floor can be a huge inconvenience. with the camp chef flat-top grill's replaceable grates and flat-top griddle, you may switch to the cooking style that best suits your needs. it's a solution that combines two pieces of space-saving outdoor cooking gear into a single effective appliance. the unmatched ignition lights the burners without requiring an outside fire source or reliance on battery ignition. you simply turn the burner knob to ignite the flames. it features built-in wind protection, a characteristic that most flat-top griddles sometimes ignore. wind protection for the flames is provided by the snug fit of the griddle top into the core burner box. in addition to heating up more quickly, the windshield also helps to hold heat more effectively, enabling precise temperature control over the cooking area. cleaning up this portable gas grill with brushes or paper towels is incredibly simple because of the stainless steel body structure that doesn't stain easily. however, considering my small deck space, i didn't appreciate how big and heavy this grill was. and it's also quite difficult to assemble alone because of the heavyweight parts. if you're new to the grilling realm, it can be challenging to make a gas grill purchase. thankfully, here's an ultimate buyer's guide to help you out. gas grills use either natural gas or propane. before purchasing a natural gas grill, you should be sure about your fuel selection - switching from natural to propane, and vice versa, should only be done by a qualified specialist, and doing so frequently may void the warranty of some grill manufacturers. because both fuels cook similarly, your choice should be based on accessibility and convenience. there are different grills depending on the brand, size, and portability. i recommend buying lightweight and portable grills if you plan to barbecue on the go or work with limited storage space. but if you have a massive cooking area, go for bigger or inbuilt grills. a built-in propane gas grill is perfect if you want to create a unique outdoor kitchen. these grill heads are permanently fixed on the kitchen island or counter for convenience, and you can uninstall them when you plan to move out. to give your area a uniform appearance, go with a built-in or three-burner grill that complements all your outdoor theme furnishings and accessories. nothing is more infuriating than having a too-tiny grill when preparing a huge quantity of food. if you've ever tried batch grilling meat, you know how invigorating it can be to be constantly grilling while others are munching down on the cooked steaks. if you're cooking for many people, you'll need a grill with a cooking area of at least 320 square inches or more. this value should match the amount of cooking area available. some manufacturers include extra storage in the cooking areas specifications, such as a warming rack or a side burner. take that into account while shopping for a gas grill. also, when buying cheaper grills, headspace is equally essential. getting a gas barbecue that can't accommodate an entire thanksgiving turkey can be pointless. gas grills use either convection or infrared heating methods. because both have different cooking pros and cons, read the label or ask the manufacturer about the type of heat on a gas grill before buying it. most grills cook food using this traditional convection heating. this high heat method is when the flame and smoke's heat ascend to the food, warming the grill's contents and the air around it. most grillers find this quite acceptable, although the food may get dry and take a little longer to reach the proper temperature. convection gas grills are often cost-effective and an excellent option if you're working with a slim budget. the technology used by infrared burner grills directly warms the food being grilled. compared to its convection equivalent, the grill itself warms up more quickly, reaches higher temperatures, and provides more consistent heating inside the grill. this cooking technique also better seals in fluids, enabling you to dish even more flavorful, juicy meat slices. infrared burners also consume less energy and are simpler to clean with a grill brush. since infrared gas grills are more expensive, they are often a fantastic option for the genuine gourmet who wouldn't mind splurging extra cash. even though most individuals use gas grills safely every day, it can be disastrous if you don't follow the correct safety precautions. when working with a gas grill, ensure you know what you're doing and get a high-quality grill that makes safety a little bit simpler. look for a reliable grill that supports its weight, one that is strong. always read the manufacturer's instructions before using a new gas grill to get guidance on properly operating the grill. if grill durability is dear to you, review the warranties given on the grill you intend to buy. next, reweigh the online customer reviews to see how long other users have had that specific gas grill. if you can, try buying high-end gas grills with lifetime warranties. this way, you'll be spending more to get a gas grill that you can depend on now and for the rest of your life. however, because most low- and mid-range grills are more prone to break down after a few years, ensure you buy ones with an authentic 5-10 year warranty. how much should i spend on a good gas grill? you should spend anywhere between $750-$5000+ on a good gas grill with excellent features in order to achieve a great grilling experience. what is the average lifespan of a gas grill? the average lifespan of a gas grill is five to fifteen years. note that not all gas grills will last this long, as the lifespan largely depends on your maintenance habits. is it recommended to clean natural gas grills after every use? yes, it's recommended to clean natural gas grills after every use. ensure you wait until the grates have cooled down totally before cleaning. cleaning frequently prevents unnecessary buildup in the grill parts. after grilling ribs, turkey, and burgers on a dozen of the best gas grill models, i\u2019ve realized that versatility, good temperature control, and easy maintenance distinguish a quality gas grill from the rest. of all the gas grills i\u2019ve tried, weber genesis ii 335 ticked all the boxes. no other gas grill compares to its remarkable performance, convenience, durability, and affordability. as the topmost choice for devout grillers, this weber gas grill gives you more high heat per square inch cooking area plus a hotter sear burner zone from the extra burner. a bonus is its easy maintenance and incredible cooking capacity. weber genesis ii e-335 gas grill. our #1 recommendation. devon enjoys barbecuing during his weekends. he also loves to edit and review content and talk about his passion for cooking and traveling. devon loves to travel around the globe and taste new meat dishes wherever he goes. your email address will not be published. required fields are marked *. >brisket, ribs, pulled porkthese items need to be smoked low and slow, not grilled sounds like a weber kettle charcoal grill is what you want. you can easily do a weeknight grill on it and if you have the time and patience you can learn to smoke on it and if you like it, look into a dedicated smoker down the line.could also consider a pellet grill but those aren\u2019t great for weeknight cooks, more geared towards low and slow with very minimal maintenance to the cook required. i'd suggest finding a weber 22\" kettle via facebook marketplace or craigslist. hmm, people say the big green egg is the magic bullet.   you can smoke low and slow or grill super high temps with it.  the cons to it are it\u2019s very heavy fragile, relatively small and takes a bit of skill to master.  pellet fed smokers are like ovens (can\u2019t sear a steak) but super easy to do ribs on.  for entry level you should probably just get a gas grill or a weber charcoal grill.  you can smoke with both of those just takes a bit more baby sitting when compared to a good smoker. second for a weber 22\u201d. great value can find a used one on fb marketplace. does everything you need: grill, smoke, sear, bake, rotisserie, make pizzas. if you find you need more space you can get a 26\u201d kettle. if your a beginner no better way to learn how to grill. get yourself a pellet grill. i am a traeger guy but there are plenty of brands. happy to help! good luck. you don't mention price range, nor if you are going to be cooking in a hurry.  majority the pellet grills take a very long time to heat.  most charcoal grills like weber kettles also take quite a while to get going and they're quite a bit of work, in particular in the winter time.  if you want a device that heats quickly, will last for many years, and can cook everything from brisket to searing steaks, the weber smokefire ex4 g2 is the best combination grill and smoker do everything device on the market for year-round use.  the masterbuilt gravity series is another option, but honestly they are cheap pieces of junk that do not last.  the char-griller gravity is definitely better built than the masterbuilt, but still cheaply made.  if the smokefire is too expensive, then the next cheapest i would recommend is the even embers pellet egg.  last the cheapest smoker/grill on the market that is of good quality would be the char-griller acorn auto kamado for $450 us dollars.  basically smokefire > embers egg > akorn auto-kamado.the embers egg would be the most fuel efficient of these from a cost perspective. after years of searching, buying, and grilling i\u2019ve come to the conclusion that all any backyard griller will ever need is a decent kettle. everything more is just luxury. my $250 weber master touch turns out better ribs, pork, brisket, chickens, etc. than my dads $1400 traeger. upfront cost charcoal is cheaper than gas in most cases. you can find some average to lower end gas grills for the same you\u2019d pay for a decent charcoal grill. downside to charcoal is the time it takes to light and get to cooking. anything you plan on cooking add at least 20 minutes to your time to allow coals to light and be ready to cook. i have a cheap gas grill for when i just need to do something fast or don\u2019t feel like waiting for charcoal. wind can be a pain too but that\u2019s all dependent on location and positioning. it also takes some learning and skill for temp control compared to gas or a pellet smoker but once you learn your machine you can do anything. pros are unlimited. want to make burgers and dogs? great for that. want to smoke a few racks of spareribs? a whole packer? want to do pizzas? great for all of those. hell i\u2019ve even baked in it. i really love the char griller or masterbuilt gravity charcoal grills. low and slow is super easy even overnight and it can heat up very hot for grilling in 10 minutes. i bought a weber 4 years ago and it's still great. i had heard the same thing as you but got one anyway. clean it regularly, put the cover back on it every time, so it doesn't get rained on, basically just take care of it. i don't know if it's bifl quality but i certainly don't plan on buying another grill for at least another decade. my weber is 13 years old. it get used 2-3 times a week / 7 months a year. it\u2019s not in \u201clike new\u201d condition but looks like it will give me 13 more years. the ss grates are in perfect condition. a canadian made napoleon grill.   they do have a rebranded china brand that isnt anything special but if you get one out of barrie ontario you're going to replace the burner at about 10yrs assuming you you're using it 2-3 times a week.   but it is an easy swap out. no weber. i bought one about 3-4 years ago and it\u2019s junk. i actually saved up for the exact one i wanted and waited for it to go on sale\u2014they always mark them down $100 or so at the end of summer. i even had a lowe\u2019s 10% off coupon, so i got (what i thought was) a great deal. i bought the matching cover for it too and some weber utensils and veggie baskets, basically the whole package. got it home, put it together, made sure to read the care & maintenance instructions, always kept it covered, etc. today, the coating on the grates has flaked almost completely off\u2014there are literally huge chunks of whatever it is they use on the grates covering the bottom of the barrel after every use that have to be cleaned out before using it again. the worst part of that though is that the pieces would get in the food all the time, sometimes to the point of ruining an entire piece of meat. one of the doors to the cabinet underneath fell off last year\u2014one of the hinges that the little pivot pin fits into just completely rusted out and fell off. i haven\u2019t even bothered to fix because\u2014the door is rusted out at the bottom too, like big-chunks-of-metal-falling-off-so-that-you-can-see-right-through-it rusted. and, if that wasn\u2019t bad enough, the hole inside the cabinet that the propane tank sits in is rusted out all around it, so the propane tank doesn\u2019t even sit right inside it, it just kinda falls in until it\u2019s too fat to go any further.i wish i could post pictures here so you could see, it\u2019s really just trash. it\u2019s actually lasted the *least* longest of any grill i ever owned and it\u2019s really a bummer because i wanted it for so long and i really love grilling, but this thing has just taken all the desire and fun away. now i just use the stove. always weber. i own 3 weber grills. one smoker, one charcoal, and one gas. the gas one is at least 10 years old, probably older. i lost the cover so it isn\u2019t protected from the elements. zero rust and holds heat like a champ. weber is 100% the way to go for a gas a grill. weber seems notably better than others but be aware they have different tiers of quality. their basic level is still better than most though. thicker metal more even cooking #weber as most on here have said, weber. my dad and grandad both have weber gas grills they've had for 10-20 years that look good and work. they have a warranty, and the parts are easily replaceable. they're great. still using a weber gas grill that was gifted to me 21 years ago.  i\u2019ve replaced the flavorizer bars and burners, also upgraded to stainless steel grates, but it works fine.  did have a problem with it about 4-5 years ago when one of the cast iron pieces on the top lid broken, but i called them up and they sent me a new one as it was covered under warranty.also have the big charcoal grill for about 10 years.  i\u2019ve upgraded the grate to cast iron and it\u2019s lovely.the pile of meat that i\u2019ve cooked on both...it\u2019s not small... best value for dollar is a 22\" weber kettle. it's the swiss army knife of grills. charcoal is a bit more work, but the end results speak for themselves. charcoal absolutely does not require high maintenance. source: i'm a low maintenance guy.before a cook, i tumble the old coals over the grates, put the survivors in the chimney, empty out the ashes, top the chimney off with new coals, crumple up 3 sheets of newspaper in the bottom of the chimney, light the newspaper, crack open a beer, then food-prep and practice disc-golf putting while i wait 20 or so minutes for the coals to be ready. once the coals are ready to dump, i dump them over half the charcoal grate, put the food grate in place, scrape the food grate with my wooden paddle.it just takes longer than a gas grill to get the grill ready to cook.  charcoal - purists will love you. charcoal requires attention but offers a ton of flexibility for your cooks. 18\u201d or 22\u201d weber can do steaks to pulled pork. could start with a $30 14\u201d if you want. other brands out there too but weber is weber. propane/natural gas - the \u201ceasy button\u201d. hugely convenient - on/off fire, easier temp controls than charcoal. you can add smoke via a smoke box but it\u2019s just not charcoal. again, weber is good or there\u2019s a ton of brands. most popular. pellet - great for set and forget long looks but can\u2019t do high heat as well as charcoal or gas. check out amazingribs.com for reviews and other write ups on this subject. ok, brace yourself...all are great options... a few things via my experience:* charcoal is great for getting extra smoke flavor and flare-up mitigation. it does take extra maintenance throughout the cook making sure the coals are arranged well to keep consistent heat where you want it. you have to spend the time getting the coals hot enough and then let them cool down after you're done. the benefits of charcoal are why we cook most of our food over the fire when camping.* gas has never made food taste like gas (to me). gas has really consistent and controllable heat and is on/off basically right when you want it. it doesn't offer smoke flavor, but you can get accessories that will give smoke flavor (smoker box, smoker tube, etc) - keeping in mind that it will be taking up x amount of real estate on the grates. gas is notorious for flare ups, but there are ways to mitigate that as well.* i don't have a ton of experience with pellet, but i believe it's a sort of go-between of gas and charcoal. it is real wood pellets, so you get some smoke flavor. you can set the heat that you want and it'll feed pellets as needed to keep that temp. this makes pellet grills good for cooking and smoking (jerky, salmon, that queso dip everyone was doing for a while, etc). my aunt isn't a huge fan of hers because the pellets seem to keep clogging, possibly because pellets can get wet fairly easy and gum up the system? i've never heard of pellet grills not being able to get really hot... but, again i don't have much experience with them.i've had a char-broil classic 3 burner gas grill for three years now and have loved it. it's a fairly cheap-o for gas, but is a great starter for getting familiar with grilling and bbq/roasting. no one i've cooked for (myself included) has ever mentioned a gas taste, so unless they're holding back...my main gripes with mine:* hot/cold spots (that i've had to learn over time and cook accordingly), some of which i actually use as an advantage.* the heat diffusers don't like to sit in their position much anymore (probably just quality of the construction), which i help by shoving some foil in the gap to hold it.* a couple of the flame/burner tubes don't like to be on full blast right away. they sort of blow themselves out? i would think they're just dirty, but if i keep them on low for a few minutes initially, then turn them up to full, they're fine. i'm not sure what the issue is here; could be me, could be that i got lemon replacement tubes.overall, i would say start with gas for the general ease of it, then upgrade/switch/add something else later if you want. my next one will probably be an upgraded gas grill because i've gotten so used to it and have developed my own methods. now that i've used gas, i know what i want for the next one - in fact, i already have it picked out.good luck and happy grilling! i grew up using a weber kettle. i still have 1. charcoal imparts more flavor. it's a bit of a hassle if you're worn out from work and just want a quick burger or steak. gas is fast and convenient. i've never used a pellet grill. charcoal & pellet they make some gas grill / smoker combos that could be a versatile and good way to start... i have one (it's a kenmore) and love it... gas for a quick / easy steak or burger | gas smoker (you add wood chips) for when i want to smoke some ribs or a pork butt all day. looks at gravity fed charcoal grills from masterbuilt or char-griller. easy as a pellet grill, but with all the charcoal flavor.i can't believe the amazingly tasty treats i've been turning out. charcoal gets the flavor and ability to cook everything. see weber kettlegas is if you want a lazy and quick grill and like cooking outside. i own both a charcoal and a gas. charcoal is when i want too cook something fun like smoking or kebabs(henry\u2019s how to afgahn chicken on youtube) gas is more when i don\u2019t want heat in the house. honestly i feel between my oven and cast iron pans i can do anything in the oven as good as gas. since your new to it think of grilling as an experience and journey. alsowould recommend a the weber kettle. everything from barbecue brisket to amazing simple grilled chicken. it will take time to learn but that\u2019s the fun part. bite the bullet (learning wise but not cost wise) and get a weber charcoal. it'll take a little longer to learn but you'll be much more satisfied when you do figure it out. gas is easy, but so are training wheels. and once you learn on gas, you'll soon want to move on to something else. so don't buy the expensive training wheels.that said it depends what you're looking for. ease and just something to put flame to meat/veggies? go gas. if you're looking to keep expanding and building different flavor profiles and do larger/longer cooks, weber kettle is your man. capable of 10 minute hot dogs (once charcoal is ready, prep time ~30 mins) to 16 hour full packer brisket cooks. by far the most versatile and quality for the price ratio you can get. i own two, a 22 wsm, and a 5 burner gas grill. each serve their purpose. i'm a fan of weber gas grills. i have a genesis silver b that i purchased, probably, 20 years ago. i finally had to replace the burners last summer. still using the original, cast iron grates. the \"flavorizer\" bars and the starter spark box need replacing every few years.  otherwise, a solid grill. i live in the chicago area so the weather can be harsh. i give it a good cleaning every spring and wipe it down after each use. having a decent cover when not in use will help. those are all excellent grills. between 3 or 4 burners it's really just up to you, i like 4 burners so i can do indirect grilling or have a warm zone to hold food on.  one other option you might check out is the grilla grills primate, it's a gas grill that also comes with a griddle top. that way you can expand your cooking adventure. have fun with which ever grill you choose, they're all really good units \ud83c\udf7b if you have a weber dealer near you check to see if they have used trade ins you may find a great deal. i got a weber genesis 3 burner with seer burner and side burner for $200. i had to replace the flavor bars $50. i love that model of napoleon. bought it in natural gas a year ago, then sold our house and bought it again in propane because the new house didn\u2019t have gas. i moved from three to four burners a few years ago and am very pleased. it is great both for large meals and for smoking.in retrospect, i would have bought a model with a side burner. when i have that occasional very smoky cook in the house, i would much rather do it outside. the genesis is built well but underpowered.  it\u2019s not a bad grill but it\u2019s not capable of particularly high temps or strong searing. check costco if there is one near you. i got my weber spirit 2 e310 for 200$ on target clearance. has 10year warranty and already replaced the burners, flavorisers and the spark box. all free. get the weber spirit, that's the one i get last year been using it daily, loving it.edit: it's the number 4 here: [https://costnow.com/best-bbq-grill/](https://costnow.com/best-bbq-grill/) [use this guide to grills, smokers, and pits](http://amazingribs.com/bbq_equipment_reviews_ratings/). you can set the filters on the left-hand side of the page to narrow your choices down. personally, i wouldn't buy a grill/smoker that i haven't read a review of. airflow is important, and many of the cheaper ones have ventilation problems, i.e., they leak smoke too much. i bought a acorn for 300 and i love doing that thing. i can keep it low to smoke and up to 700 for hot searing. cast iron grates. uses lump coal.   i would suggest a weber kettle grill, then spend $200 on meat and accessories.if you want to drop all $350 on just the grill, then go with the akorn consider a used big green egg. goes from super low to super hot.  since you say you're new to bbqing...100$ weber kettle120$ [grillgrates](http://www.grillgrate.com/)70$ [smokenator](http://www.smokenator.com/)leaves you 60 for other accessories... ckicken / rib rack, meatclaws, stainless beercan for chicken, injection needles...once you get good replace the weber with something better. i personally started with a similar kit after reading from [this site](http://gizmodo.com/5923283/how-i-got-at-least-2000-worth-of-grill-for-540). i still have the partyq, can be useful if you're not always around. check out the portable kitchen:www.pkgrills.comi love mine -- a step up from the weber kettles that only last a few years.  it grills and smokes just fine.  it should be the last grill you buy; there's stories of them lasting 40 or 50 years!  that's legacy; your kids can use this thing! second vote for the akorn. have one, love it. does everything well.  how much is the bge and is it worth it? the link that /u/committeeofone gives you is a great resource depending on what you want your source of heat to come from. the smokers you have linked do not compete with those listed in the amazingribs.com site.at $350, don't forget that most people will need more than just the smoker/grill. consider gloves / tongs to handle hot foods / coal, thermometers (this can get expensive!), possibly a chimney, wood (if you don't get it free somewhere), etc.  i personally prefer coal fired grills and would advise you to wait until something goes on sale so you can purchase the grill and thermometers (if need be, and anything else needed) for ~$350. high-end grills are actually ridiculously expensive ($5,000-$6,000+ build-ins, or [this $10,000 monster](https://home.hestan.com/product/42-hestan-outdoor-deluxe-grill-with-double-side-burner/)). you're looking at mid-range free standing propane grills like weber, broil king, and napoleon which range from $800-$2,000 ish. couple of things to consider as you think about cost/budget - how much cooking surface do you need? grills should give you a square inch figure of how much cooking surface each has, but this is usually expressed in the number of burners a grill has--e.g. 2-burner vs. 5-burner. the typical grill is 3-burners. obviously, more burners = more money.weber is the first name in these kinds of grills, was once a legendary bifl brand/marquee that was fully made in north america, with full assortment of replacement parts and good warranty. lately, they've been criticized for offshoring production and overcharging for pretty, but less functional products. broil king is actually a weber spinoff--one of the canadian oem's for weber grills recognized weber's decision to offshore/form over function, and started making their own line of grills to compete. i had a regal 5-burner and it's a serious piece of equipment with almost 600 square inches of cooking surface, nice controls, good stainless steel construction, etc. napoleon has had a good reputation, but seems to be the high end house brand at home depot which makes them less attractive to me. they seem to be overpriced when compared feature-to-feature to broil king, but do not have the panache/brand recognition of weber.if all of this sounds too expensive for you, a used older weber (even as far back as 2000's era models) can be easily refurbished as weber sells every replacement part you need to rehab an older grill for much less than you'd pay for a new one while still getting (old school) weber's legendary bifl quality. should be able to get a 3-burner genesis gold for $200 bucks and spend $150 on new parts and have a great grill for years to come. going on 17 years with my napoleon pt450.  fantastic grill. check the kitchenaid grills at costco.  just got one on sale that has 5 burners plus the side searing unit and double cooking spots for pots or whatever.  i had to buy the rotisserie kit separately but it was only about $80.edit.  forgot to mention it\u2019s stainless steel construction and cast aluminum i think so it should last quite some time. huh. oddly, we have never purchased a gas grill. we have just been in the right place at the right time, i guess. our first gas grill was my mil\u2019s. a second one was given to us by a friend who upgraded. a third was given to us because someone decided they didn\u2019t like cooking with propane anymore. the first one is back at my mil\u2019s. the second one is at our house and the third is at a college apartment. all still kicking. dh likes the weber one at our house the best. hello /u/masoj999! thank you for your submission! the automod thought that your post might be a request type post and has changed the flair accordingly, but if this was wrong feel free to change it back!*i am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/buyitforlife) if you have any questions or concerns.* your post lacks depth to get the help you want.budget.you are asking about multi-purpose bbqing.  if you find a single unit that does it all, you will find a single unit that fails at each in some substantive way.are you looking for built in or wheeled/pseudo-portable?are you cooking for you and your cat or you and your 18 children?this is a god damn tank and will survive a drop from the empire state building:  https://www.wilmingtongrill.com/product/master-gas-grill/ and can be turned, via accessories, into a blackstone, smoker or rotisserie but again....we have no frame of reference.  if my budget was nice, i'd get this and a dedicated smoker. look up jackson grills. they used to be canadian made but moved off shore. i took the risk and have had it for about a month now. fully stainless steel and i'm impressed so far. fire magic has been my grill of choice over 3 homes since 1997. amazing grill. i\u2019d recommend checking out blaze bbq grills. their grills are top quality and come with lifetime warranty that their customer service says does indeed cover even rust (terms and conditions pose a gray area for that though). forever warranty!!! i have a weber grill that's been outside in  the weather for 10 or 12 yearsprior one lasted probably 17 or 18.  and that one might have gone longer if i hadn't got #2 as a gift. webers last forever and you can replace the parts if something breaks. always lots of used ones on fb marketplace, cl, etc. or you could get a smaller new one for $500 the ops price range was around $500. which essentially means everyone who rushed in to say \"buy weber\" is recommending a weber spirit 3 burner with cast iron grates. which is a completely average grill for the price. the ops price range is the one were weber is the least value. weber is the iphone of grills, they are great grills but the value isn't great anymore. webers previous versions of genesis grills in the 90's were great quality and great value. they were made in america, lasted forever, and were simply the best grills available for the money. currently no weber gas grill is the best grill in its price range *for the money* . they are all good grills but are simply expensive for what they are in 2021, you are paying for the brand name and they are made in china from cheap materials.back to the ops question will a $500 grill last you 5 years? most likely the answer is yes as long as you stay in the 3-4 burner range. you will also enjoy cooking on it more than your $200 disposable grill. but there is one very important question for the op. do you plan on cleaning it? if you don't give it one thorough deep cleaning per year, you would probably be better doing what you were doing before. a $200 grill that last 2 years vs a $500 grill that last 5 years vs a $1000 grill that lasts 10 years are all $100 per year. your cooking experience is better with the later but it takes cleaning and at about 5-7 years possibly some replacement parts.in the $500 price range i would recommend napoleon, broil king and even charbroil over weber. weber grills are better than charbroils 95% of thr time. however the charbroil commercial stainless 3 burner at lowes is flat out better than any weber that costs $500 or less. https://www.lowes.com/pd/char-broil-commercial-stainless-steel-3-burner-liquid-propane-and-natural-gas-infrared-gas-grill-with-1-side-burner/1001462424. is it better than a weber genesis 3 burner? absolutely not but those aren't priced similarly so you can only compare it to the spirit. go look at them next to eachother and you will understand. if you want a 4 burner it's and extra $100 so will be $550, weber simply doesn't offer a 4 burner with these btus for less then $750. is weber better?  yes, but only if you are willing to pay 35% to 50% more. they aren't better in any given price range. the other options are napoleon rouge xt 3 burner or broil king signet 3 burner. they will all last 5 years for around the $500 mark if you clean them. amazingribs.com is a good place to check grill reviews. find a used pkgrill pitboss has 5 year warranties on their grills. on a side note do you keep it covered from rain, snow etc?? i buy a cover everytime and rain never touches my grills. last one lasted a decade like that. get the best stainless you can get.  $500 will give you some decent options.broil-king, webber, char-broil.just try to get a stainless cook box and if possible all stainless grates and grease diverters.last much longer that way broil king makes some pretty good grills for around 500. try char-broil 463673519 performance series. since i've been using it more, i know where the knobs on the burners need to be set according to the temperature gauge. it took me a while to figure out where to set them to keep things cooking at 350. even though i put my chicken on the warmer rack while the rest of the food was cooking, it was still overcooked. i didn't think that would happen, so that's still pretty hot. i am still learning, but maybe this will help. overall, it's a lot better than cooking with charcoal, which is no longer an option!https://homeindec.com/aswecans?maoure=b01hid4y7q there are some grills in that price point that are totally worth it, and some grills in that price point that are pieces of shit.ignitors are gonna be a potential problem no matter how much you spend.outside of that, there are huge benefits of longevity depending on the grill. 304 or 443 grade stainless are very corrosion resistant. cast burners or heavy duty pipe burners and heavy duty cooking grates made of these metals last forever. appropriately heavy flame tamers made out of these materials last for decades. your maintenance will be cleaning the grill as it gets nasty, and maybe cleaning the outside whenever it needs it.there are other metals, like porcelainized steel or 201 or 430 grade stainless that can be fine in some environments but do not stand up in others. there are some people that put huge size in at this price point without much engineering, or sometimes grills start at a price point and the parts are reverse engineered to hit the price (instead of a grill being built for quality).research is imperative, because it is not guaranteed that a $1500 grill will last for 20 years or cook substantially better than a cheaper grill.  it is entirely possible, though, if you select the product smartly!full disclosure on why i am being vague: i am in the industry so i am hesitant to say things that could be commercialized or come across advertising for me. i am happy to answer questions, but hesitant to point you in a particular direction. i hope this helps.edit: i misread $500-$1000 as $1500. i apologize. i think weber genesis is the best grill in the $500-1000 price range. you will replace some parts every 5 years or so, but it cooks great and lasts a long time with minimal maintenance. i'm gonna leave my original comment so everyone can see my lack of reading comprehension, but definitely go check out weber genesis and see if they are for you. if you are not impressed, you can safely go with disposable $150 grills knowing that is best for you! and here i am happy with my $150 weber kettle. i recently bought a 4 burner chargrill on clearance for 169 to replace my weber that finally fell apart. i take good care of it, cover it, and have replaced the grates and burners once. it is hanging in there.i am going back to a $500 grill for one reason: even heating. cheap grills have hot and cold spots, and it is worth the extra money for me to not burn my food. i had a cheap two-burner no-name brand special that cost about $150. it was small and heated unevenly but i knew that surface like the back of my hand and it lasted me a full ten years.when it came time to get a replacement, i thought, \"i'm a serious griller now, time for a serious grill.\" so i got a weber genesis for $800. it's great. it's solid. it heats evenly.but is it worth 5 $150 specials? i doubt it. there's nothing magical about it. i still have to worry about flare-ups. i think your approach is perfectly legit. the biggest difference is the durability, but to me the most important difference is that grills like the weber genesis cook fantastically. no fancy doodads and gizmos (except a fairly accurate propane gauge) and the entire surface cooks at the same temperature. i have never used a cheap grill that doesn't have at least a few significant temperature variations across it, except for the weber. it's also got a great warranty. just to be clear, i am not associated with weber in any way other than i own one and love it. quality.  quality vs quantityi know which i prefer. that $150 grill could very easily be $750 after you have replaced it 6 times during the lifespan of 1 grill worth $750. plus you don't have the benefit of better cooking quality. i just bought a weber 310 after a lifetime of the cheapo charbroil and i can tell you the build quality is much much better. and i'm cheap.  well, my genesis is 12 years old (in michigan) and looks and performs like new. ok, maybe it doesn't *look* new, but it's structurally and functionally sound. my parents get a new grill every few years and bitch about how shitty each one is. oh, btw i bought the genesis on craigslist for $100. also bought a one-touch platinum kettle for $65 in fair/good shape just this summer. parts for the webers last a long time and are cheap to replace usually.whether you go new or used, if you will use the grill more than 5x a year, buy a good one.  this is a 9 year old $500 grillhttp://i.imgur.com/6w7nurp.jpgi just made the first repair on it a few months ago (flavorizer bars, $50) i had a napoleon prestige 500 at my previous house, and when it had to stay behind when we moved i upgraded to a prestige 665 with the ir sideburner and rotisserie burner.  had the 500 for three years of fairly regular use (about what you described, other than generally not cooking outside below maybe -5) and it still looked close to new.  natural gas models in both cases, however. i absolutely love them both. i get solid and stable indirect cooking and the side burner gives an amazing sear on steaks. i have about half of the main grill area covered in grill grates to add a bit of extra ir and prevent losing veggies down through the grates. i\u2019ve only used the rotisserie burner a few times but found good success with that too. you can upgrade the cast iron grate on the ir sideburner to stainless steel, which i would recommend eventually as the iron was starting to flake after a few years but the stainless steel is still in great shape 18-24 months later. i have never had any other quality gas grills, and honestly at this point i never will since the napoleons have been so great.  i can\u2019t speak to other brands (other than looking at different weber and broil king models when shopping for the new grill for my new house) and deciding they weren\u2019t for me. very big recommendation from me. the rogue is very similar from what i understand, just a bit cheaper. i've had a variety of weber gas grills and absolutely love them. while the price is high, remember, they will last a lifetime and all of the parts are replaceable. you can also check places like let go, facebook marketplace, and craigslist for a used one and then buy all new grates or get a professional cleaning to make it shine like new. it is crazy how many people want to get rid of perfectly good grills that are relatively new, and could sparkle with a little time and effort.imo, if you are around the $1000 price point, nothing beats a geensis 335 (bottom cabinet doesnt matter as much as having a sear burner, the size is better than the smaller spirits made in china. the larger genesis isn't really needed and the summit is overkill). the e-335 is $949 at home depot right now. plenty of local grill stores might give you a discount if you bundle with a cover and some propane. or dont forget about rakutan and [topcashback.com](https://topcashback.com) for an added few percent off. chase also has had some home depot specific credits on their credit cards lately for 5% off if you check your rewards page.nothing against napoleon, they are the weber of canada, with similar build quality, slightly different approaches (i.e. stronger infrared sear burner, but not integrated into the main cook box) weber genesis three burner - had mine for 10 years and still love it. can\u2019t recommend it enough did you end up getting the rogue 425xt? i\u2019ve got that one my radar. the local shop said it would be worth it to upgrade to pretsige 500 rsib but that\u2019s $400 more and don\u2019t think the rotisserie is needed other than this line says  it\u2019s made in canada of the two? the kamodo. for the price with pure versatility in mind, i'd get a weber kettle, and a weber smoky mountain. if i had to pick only 1, the kamodo.i would not get the pitboss, either buy a good propane grill, or a good pellet grill don't go half ass on both. the kamodo.  it won't rust and is more versitile. hey everyone i apologize for not writing more, this is my first time posting to reddit and my text went away. i've never owned a grill before because i've always lived in small apartments and finally bought a home and want to start grilling regularly. i'm very excited to see what you all recommend. i've ways wanted a big green egg and thought the option here was a good choice because it's a lot cheaper. i like them both and am torn between which one to purchase. ive never grilled before and it's kind of overwhelming.  i appreciate all the feedback! weber kettle. weber kamado e6 , a bit more money but not as brittle as the ceramic grill. don't know much about the vision, but i have been grilling since i was about 10 or so, grew up on weber kettles, they are great grills if you are starting out.that being said, i now have an xl big green egg, and it is by far the best grill i have ever had, and it's not even close. the versatility and the ability to get to and maintain temp is amazing. kamado joe and primo are the same, i just don't have one of those, so i can't speak to it.i have had numerous kettles, gas grills, side smoker barrel style grills, and a real kamado grill with nice, solid thick ceramic is very hard to beat. thank you everyone i appreciate the help and all of the recommendations! the kamado for its versatility. i have a vision grill and absolutely love it. cheaper than kj and bge but still excellent performance. mine came with a cover as well, which was extra for the other brands. i've used it for low and slow (pulled pork, beef ribs, pork ribs, brisket, smoked lamb), rotisserie and spatchcock chicken, endless grilled vegetables, wings, burgers and kebabs, pizza, paella, and lots of straight up cooking using cast iron. it is a joy to use. another vote for the weber kettle here.  if you have room, get the 26\" version.less fragile than the ceramic komodo style grills.more versatile than any other single grill.the hard part, is deciding what to get along with it. i have a primo xl and love it in this video we'll look into top 5 gas grill available on the market today we made this list based on research and customer reviews and surely our own opinion too we considered both quality and features of the grills as well as the value just to present you the best choices possible if you want more information and updated pricing on the products mentioned be sure to check the links in the description below so here's the top five gas grills the fifth product in our list is charbroil performance series gas grill this versatile four burner grill has a 435 square inches of cooking space placed on very durable porcelain coated iron grates additionally it has a 1 30 inch two swing away warming rack to prepare sides and buns the rust resistant porcelain coated cast iron grate of the unit has high heat retention and main cooking surface lets you to use 21.6 inches wide by 6 inches deep area in total it has led illuminated control knobs and also stainless steel finish increases the durability while elevates the appearance two door under cabinet got more than enough space so other than propane tank you can easily put your grilling tools and accessories inside it as well it has an electronic ignition so in a second it lights up just with the push of a button it features a 10 000 btu side burner and lid mounted temperature gauge so you can check the inside temperature of your grille without opening the lid moreover it features an easy to access durable porcelain coated grease pan that can be removed for an easier cleaning the unit's assembled dimensions are 50 inches wide 20 inches deep and 45.4 inches high pros and cons this quick and easy to assemble gas grill's biggest advantage is to be a budget friendly unit that's highly reliable from steaks to burgers chicken to sausages as a versatile unit with high quality material it allows you to grill almost anything perfectly it has excellent heat distribution and also got more than enough storage space however due to having too many parts unattached a symbol at first time might be a little bit confusing and tiring as very sturdy and durable grille char-broil performance series definitely one of best gas grill you can get even though it has lower price than many on the market no need to worry about quality and performance it works well enough to keep you pleased for long years [music] up next and the fourth position is monument clearview this gas grill with a clear view lid got four main stainless steel burners in one side with 60 000 bt used to grant powerful heat and performance built-in clear view lid of the unit that's made of tampered strong glass allows you to see inside easily so you don't need to open the lid and lose valuable heat to check the process of your food which also means cooking faster while clearview lets you to cook faster without opening the lid built-in center-mounted thermometer also helps you to monitor temperature inside the grill it offers 513 square inches of primary cooking area and 210 square inches of warming rack area so in total you can use 723 square inches of a very large cooking area with porcelain coated cast iron cooking grates and enamel flame tamers it promises even cooking every each time it also has electronic ignition system for effortless burner start in addition battery-powered blue led control knobs to bring light and fun to your night cooking stainless steel material makes the grill highly durable and easier to clean plus it makes burners and flame tamers heat up in minimum time side and sear burner features of the grill offer multiple cooking options simultaneously so you can warm your sauces on side or cook your side dish without going inside and with sear burner you can easily sear your steaks before or after grilling it uses ceramic infrared and reaches up to 800 degree temperature so delivers perfect caramelization and flavor double stainless steel doors provides large storage area not just for the tank and for your utensils too four locking heavy duty swivel casters lets you to position your grille effortlessly and lock into position when you need it stationary pros and cons this very well-designed and durable gas grill's major advantages to have multi-function cooking areas those all work perfectly as expected clear view lid also a big up for the unit because it lets you to cook faster without opening the lid besides being sturdy heat distribution of the grill is almost perfect too in addition to all those blue led control knobs add style as well we also need to mention it has an advantageous price on the other hand side burner seems like too powerful to cook delicate food other than having a sturdy design and very good at versatile usage monument clear vue is also a very durable grill with high quality stainless steel don't hesitate to get one if you still haven't found the gas grill that meets your needs well just keep watching because we got more grills on the way for you meanwhile if this is your first time checking out our channel be sure to subscribe and also hit the bell icon to receive notifications of upcoming videos our list's third product is royal gourmet zh-3002 this dual propane and charcoal grill combo unit gives you the chance of multi-choice for excellent performance and best favorite food it comes with five 79-inch two porcelain enameled cast-iron cooking grates and one 69-inch two stainless steel warming racks in total of 748 square inches same size 2 fireboxes allows you to access to dual cooking ways of charcoal and gas 3 stainless steel burners each got 8 500 btus power and got automatic ignition system to guarantee quick start every time stainless steel warm racks and cooking grates transfer the heat evenly and also makes the cleaning easier besides having a handy bottle opener on it user-friendly design of the grill also accommodates a side table with extensions two-door storage area got a cylinder for the gas tank for a safer usage and also got enough room for your additional cooking tools with height-adjustable charcoal pan you can easily fine-tune the level and control the temperature via the crank lid mounted dampers and invisible front air vent of the grill promote better air circulation without any need of opening the lid so no heat loss during grilling process it has two dampers for the air flow and integrated thermometer for each sides to make cleaning quicker there is a very practical pullout ash tray and grease tray with cup with 64 inch wide and 45 inch height it's very easy to position anywhere you want pros and cons this two in one grill got many advantages but the major one is to be seriously good at both grilling styles gas or charcoal grilling no matter which style you go it's going to deliver perfect results it has a practical design that makes grilling easier on your side so no need to look for items around or have to go inside during and the best part is it's not an expensive grill even though looks like it is but due to heat transfer it might be a little bit hard to adjust temperature between two chambers during charcoal and gas grilling simultaneously this amazingly designed combo grill provides satisfactory results every time and makes you to enjoy grilling for such long years as a premium grill royal gourmet zh3002 absolutely a high quality combo grill you won't regret to have it the second product in our list is napoleon rogue xt 625 this 69000 btus grill got 5 steel main burners plus a very effective infrared sizzle zone side burner in total it offers 935 inch two of cooking area while using cross lighting technology it ensures that if any of the burners accidentally goes out while lit it automatically reignites dual level stainless steel sear plates creative and heat distribution and also protects the burner to make em keep working for years without any issues porcelain coated cast iron with iconic wave shape of the grid provides balanced and even heat transfer also prevents smaller food pieces to fall into the grill infrared side burner reaches up to 1800 degree for perfectly seared full of juice steaks its high lid allows you to grill larger cuts of meat with excellent results every time for the extra space the grill offers you to use folding size shelves that you can easily fold accu probe feature of the grill gauges the temperature precisely so you can always be in total control during grilling pros and cons this neat and compact design grill's advantages are to have a large grilling area that's enough for anything you want to cook to have a high lid that allows you to grill larger meats and high heat apply side burner that's ideal for searing also the design of the grid allows you to clean drip pan relatively easier and it heats up very quickly but to assemble it quickly and without any issues you probably will need at least two people seems like some of the purchasers got problems to assemble the grill this grill not just have a very well thought design but also cooks to perfection too even cooking in the firebox proper searing on the side infrared side burner quickly napoleon rogue xt 625 gas grill makes it right and lets you to enjoy your food with high satisfaction without thinking twice you should have it before we reveal number one be sure to check out the description for the latest prices on the grills and also subscribe if you want to stay updated of the best products on the market [music] our list number one place belongs to weber genesis spx 435 this grill creates a full backyard culinary experience and allows you to sear roast bake steam and even stir-fry by simply replacing the grate with many custom fit grill wares weber connect smart technology of the unit makes perfectly grilled food every single time without leaving it to chance with this feature you get real-time food temperature alerts reminders also flip and serve notifications on your phone weber connect app features the recipes and cook programs but that's not all with the app you can also set temperature alerts and even get a notification when gas is low the large sear zone lets you to grill multiple stakes at once and cook all of them perfectly for everyone weber crafted outdoor kitchen collection gives you opportunity to use the grill for searing roasting steam bake even stir fry just by replacing the grate with custom grill ware such as flat top for burgers baking stone for pizza roasting basket for veggies dual sided sea are great for restaurant quality steaks wok and steamer for different foods rotisserie skewers for kebabs dutch oven for creamy mushrooms it gives you almost unlimited possibilities for cooking outdoors that tastes even better this unit got weber's largest sear zone ever so too big is just a joke for it genesis spx 435 gives you extra large space that you need for prep and service and the expandable top cooking grate provides a second level of grilling capacity to cook an entire meat at one time the lights for nighttime creating a stylish look and makes you to see controls easily you can power the grill's display by plugging it into outlet or use an external power bank that can be clipped in under the side table hooks for your grilling tools and storage locker for everything else you need pull out grease management tray of the grill makes cleaning quicker additionally it comes with a remarkable 12-year warranty pros and cons this premium grill got too many advantages to fit into a sentence surely but obs one is to be a real versatile unit that allows you to cook any way you want and the most important part is it cooked perfectly in all cooking styles the smart app feature makes you to grill without worrying about under or overcooked steaks handy design that has a large side prep area is just another advantage of the grill besides having a big cooking area the expandable top cooking grate provides a second cooking surface which is even larger than many grills on the market however the price is probably the only downside of this grill but we think it's definitely worthy of it weber genesis spx 435 is everything you need to grill anything you want without a doubt this top class grill is the best you can have it won't disappoint you so better to get one [music] that's all for this time folks thanks for watching if we manage to help you out in any aspect please hit the like and subscribe button we'll see you in the next videos [music] you  \ufeffthe coyote s-series?! the weber summit black or\u00a0\nweber genesis? perhaps the napoleon prestige or\u00a0\u00a0 the bull lonestar? which one should you buy?!\nin this video, we will be looking at the top five\u00a0\u00a0 propane bbq grills available on the market today\u00a0\nand will tell you which one is best for you!\n\u00a0 we made this list based on our own opinions,\u00a0\nresearch, and customer reviews. we've considered\u00a0\u00a0 their quality, features, and values when\u00a0\nnarrowing down the best choices possible.\u00a0\u00a0 if you want more information and updated\u00a0\npricing on the products mentioned,\u00a0\u00a0 be sure to check the links in\u00a0\nthe description box below.\n\u00a0 so, here are the top five\u00a0\nbest propane bbq grills\n\u00a0 the fifth product on this\u00a0\nlist is the weber genesis. \n\u00a0 discover all the possibilities of grilling with\u00a0\nthe weber genesis, which opens up a universe of\u00a0\u00a0 options, whether it be meat, fish, or veggies.\u00a0\nit has an expandable top cooking grate that\u00a0\u00a0 creates a significant second level of grilling\u00a0\ncapacity so that you can execute an entire meal\u00a0\u00a0 at one time. we like that it has an extra-large\u00a0\nsear station for grilling multiple steaks at once\u00a0\u00a0 so that everyone can eat their perfectly cooked\u00a0\nsteaks at the same time. with the weber crafted\u00a0\u00a0 outdoor kitchen collection, you can make food\u00a0\nthat you never thought possible in a grill;\u00a0\u00a0 sear, roast, bake and even stir-fry by\u00a0\nsimply replacing the grate with a variety\u00a0\u00a0 of custom-fit grillware. we found that you\u00a0\ncan use the convenient side burner to create\u00a0\u00a0 the perfect outdoor kitchen at your grill and\u00a0\nuse the simmer bbq sauce or saut\u00e9 vegetables\u00a0\u00a0 while the main course grills under the lid.\nadditionally, it has easy grease management,\u00a0\u00a0 so you can spend less time cleaning; simply\u00a0\npull the grease tray out and scrape it away. \n\u00a0 what's more? it is a solution to all of your\u00a0\nstorage needs, and the grill locker fits all\u00a0\u00a0 your accessories and extensive grilling tools. \nso if you want to spend more time cooking amazing\u00a0\u00a0 meals outside this summer,\u00a0\nthis is a great choice. \n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it is a multi-use grill that\u00a0\u00a0 allows you to bake or grill simultaneously.\n* it has an expandable top that adds a second\u00a0\u00a0 level of capacity: and\n* it has a lid that allows\u00a0\u00a0 you to saute vegetables.\n\u00a0 however, \n* it might take\u00a0\u00a0 a while for you to put it together.\nthe weber genesis is great because\u00a0\u00a0 it helps you cook more at the same time and\u00a0\nis very well suited to large families.\n  \n\u00a0 up next in fourth place is the bull lonestar.\nhaving a big grill has its perks, but sometimes\u00a0\u00a0 you don't have the space. bring in the bull\u00a0\nlonestar propane grill. with four welded\u00a0\u00a0 stainless steel bar burners, built to last for\u00a0\nyears. the whole grill is only thirty-two inches\u00a0\u00a0 long and twenty-five inches deep, but it comes\u00a0\npacked with sixty thousand btus of cooking power.\u00a0\u00a0 it heats up fast and is ready in minutes to cook,\u00a0\nsear, and grill all your favorite cuts of meat or\u00a0\u00a0 vegetables. the body of the grill is made with\u00a0\n304 stainless steel, with a dual-lined hood to\u00a0\u00a0 keep that heat in. the grill grates are made of\u00a0\nsolid stainless steel and are easy to keep clean.\u00a0\u00a0 with the eight hundred and ten inches of cooking\u00a0\narea and a warming rack, you have plenty of space\u00a0\u00a0 to go to cook for a big 4th of july party. \nwe found that there are piezo igniters on every\u00a0\u00a0 valve plus twin flame projectors all down the\u00a0\nheating bars. the heating bars under the main\u00a0\u00a0 grill spread the flames out for an even heating\u00a0\narea, with no annoying cold or hot spots. they are\u00a0\u00a0 also super simple to ignite with its built-in\u00a0\nclicker. no need to risk your hands over the\u00a0\u00a0 open flames. lastly, you'll appreciate that\u00a0\nwhen you close the lid to keep the heat in,\u00a0\u00a0 there is a conveniently placed thermostat\u00a0\nto keep track of the heat inside.\n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it's made of stainless\u00a0\u00a0 steel material for long life and usage.\n* it has even heat distribution over\u00a0\u00a0 the whole cooking area: and\n* it has an easy igniting system\u00a0\u00a0 that keeps your hands safe\nhowever, \n\u00a0 * some users find the burners\u00a0\nto be quite loud.\n\u00a0 the bull lonestar is ideal for someone who wants\u00a0\nto be able to gill a lot at once but doesn't have\u00a0\u00a0 the space for a traditional grill. \nstill haven't found a propane bbq grill\u00a0\u00a0 that meets your needs? well, keep watching\u00a0\nbecause we have more lined up for you.\n\u00a0 meanwhile, if this is your\u00a0\nfirst time visiting our channel,\u00a0\u00a0 be sure to subscribe and hit the bell icon to\u00a0\nreceive notifications of our next videos.\n\u00a0 the third product on this list\u00a0\nis the napoleon prestige.\n\u00a0 this next unit is a slick grill as impressive as\u00a0\nits title sounds. the prestige pro 500 propane gas\u00a0\u00a0 grill with its infrared rear and side burners\u00a0\nis a professional-style grill. we like that it\u00a0\u00a0 is built with high-quality, high-performance;\u00a0\nfeatures making grilling easy and impressive.\u00a0\u00a0 it has a shining stainless steel body that\u00a0\nprovides durability against the elements,\u00a0\u00a0 while chrome details add a touch of luxury.\u00a0\nthe same high-quality stainless steel is used\u00a0\u00a0 for the cooking grids, tube burners, sear\u00a0\nplates, and basins. we found that you can\u00a0\u00a0 grill steak effortlessly like a pro using\u00a0\nthe 1800 degrees side burner to create the\u00a0\u00a0 perfect sear. another advantage is that it has\u00a0\nan illuminated cooking area and interior storage,\u00a0\u00a0 soft close doors, and spacious side shelves,\u00a0\nwhich are just a few of the features.\n\u00a0 the led spectrum night light control knobs also\u00a0\nhave limitless color options that make nighttime\u00a0\u00a0 entertaining a breeze. napoleon has enhanced\u00a0\nthe oldest form of cooking via infrared heat;\u00a0\u00a0 the infrared sizzle zone burners work by forcing\u00a0\nignited gas through thousands of small holes in a\u00a0\u00a0 ceramic plate. it also glows red to indicate when\u00a0\nthe gas is left on as a safety feature. lastly,\u00a0\u00a0 we particularly like that it has double doors for\u00a0\nextra storage and the easy roll locking casters so\u00a0\u00a0 you can position it perfectly on your patio. \nits pros are;\n\u00a0 * it utilizes advanced gas-powered\u00a0\ninfrared ceramic burners for a more\u00a0\u00a0 consistent cooking experience.\n* it is made of stainless steel\u00a0\u00a0 which makes it durable for years to come: and\n* it is intuitive to use, so anyone can use it\u00a0\u00a0 effectively\nhowever, \n\u00a0 * some users find that it\u00a0\nis challenging to assemble.\n\u00a0 the napoleon prestige is a fantastic\u00a0\noutdoor grill that makes cooking up big\u00a0\u00a0 meals more straightforward, allowing\u00a0\nyou to enjoy more family time. \n\u00a0 the second product on this\u00a0\nlist is the coyote s-series.\n\u00a0 nothing is more frustrating than having a\u00a0\ndelicious steak burn because it was placed\u00a0\u00a0 in an overheated area. that is why this grill\u00a0\nis constructed with performance-enhancing\u00a0\u00a0 heat control grids that minimize flare-ups and\u00a0\ndistribute heat evenly across the entire surface.\u00a0\u00a0 this helps eliminate hot spots and cold spots,\u00a0\nand everything on the grill is cooked at the\u00a0\u00a0 same speed. we love the stainless steel\u00a0\ncooking bars with a double-walled canopy\u00a0\u00a0 and hand-welded lid and wall with seamless\u00a0\nedges to keep that heat trapped inside. \n\u00a0 moreover, this gas grill is powered by three\u00a0\ndurable cast stainless steel burners which can\u00a0\u00a0 deliver up to eighty thousand btus of cooking\u00a0\npower. we loved the removable heating rack that\u00a0\u00a0 keeps your food up off the burner, so it doesn't\u00a0\novercook but stays hot till you are ready to eat.\u00a0\u00a0 the igniting system is easy and safe;\u00a0\nsimply push and turn the gas knob.\u00a0\u00a0 you also have a rotisserie spit\u00a0\nthat can be placed across the\u00a0\u00a0 grill to have an even cooked chicken\u00a0\nor similar-sized fowl. additionally,\u00a0\u00a0 there is an integrated temperature monitor on the\u00a0\nlid to track how hot the inside of the grill is.\u00a0\u00a0 as grills go, this one is very versatile\u00a0\nand a good option for any household. \n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it has a performance-enhancing\u00a0\u00a0 heat control grids that cook more evenly\n* it is made of high-quality stainless\u00a0\u00a0 steel for the longevity of the grill: and\n* it has an easy and safe ignition system\n\u00a0 however, \n* the grill bars can\u00a0\u00a0 be difficult to clean if they are left out.\nthe coyote s-series is a well-designed unit\u00a0\u00a0 for those who like to grill a wide\u00a0\nvariety of different foods.\n\u00a0 before we reveal number one, be sure to check out\u00a0\u00a0 the description below for the newest\u00a0\ndeals on each of these items. and,\u00a0\u00a0 be sure to subscribe if you want to stay up to\u00a0\ndate on the best products on the market.\n\u00a0 finally, the top propane bbq\u00a0\ngrill is the weber summit black. \n\u00a0 the weber summit black is angled to precisely the\u00a0\nright pitch to direct juices down and away from\u00a0\u00a0 the burners and create a flavorsome smoke effect\u00a0\nwithout the fire flaring upon you or covering the\u00a0\u00a0 burners in a burnt mess that you would have to\u00a0\nclean later. you will find easy-to-follow step\u00a0\u00a0 illustrated instructions that will have the grill\u00a0\nbuilt and put together in under an hour when you\u00a0\u00a0 open the box. we love how this grill heats\u00a0\nup just right to get that perfect searing.\u00a0\u00a0 the 10600 btu per hour burner is designed to\u00a0\ndeliver the optimal heat no matter what you're\u00a0\u00a0 cooking up. we also like the rear-mounted\u00a0\nrotisserie burner with a flip-up motor and\u00a0\u00a0 separate spit and fork storage system. the motor\u00a0\nspins the meat, so you get nice even cooking.\u00a0\u00a0 meanwhile, the knobs and led lights give off\u00a0\na bright glow making it easy to get precise\u00a0\u00a0 control over the grill's temperature, even in\u00a0\nlow light. there is also a smoker box that helps\u00a0\u00a0 give your meat that genuine barbecue flavor. \nfinally, the polished stainless steel finish and\u00a0\u00a0 trim make it able to withstand weather\u00a0\nand the elements for years to come.\n\u00a0 its pros are;\n* it has an attachable\u00a0\u00a0 rotisserie for slow cooking meat\n* it is designed to keep the draining\u00a0\u00a0 oils and juices from causing flare- ups: \n* it has a stainless steel finish to\u00a0\u00a0 protect it even if left outdoors; and\n* it has a burner on the right that can\u00a0\u00a0 be used with pots and pans\nhowever, \n\u00a0 * its large surface area can be\u00a0\ntime-consuming to clean.\n\u00a0 the weber summit black is a brilliantly\u00a0\nmade propane grill for those who take their\u00a0\u00a0 barbecuing seriously and want a reliable\u00a0\nunit with all the bells and whistles.\n\u00a0 that's all for now. thanks for watching!\u00a0\nif we helped you out in any way,\u00a0\u00a0 please hit the like and subscribe button.\u00a0\nwe'll see you guys in the next videos!  in today's video we'll look into best charcoal grills on the market we prepared this list based on research and customer reviews and considered criteria such as price capacity mobility and versatility if you want more information and updated pricing on the units mentioned check the links in the description below so here's the top 5 charcoal grill number five the fifth product on our list is royal gourmet cc1830s this charcoal grill with offset smoker offers you spacious grilling space with convenient racks front and side tables for seasonings and plates 443 square inch primary cooking surfaces featured porcelain enameled steel cooking grates to make cleaning easier and it has a 184 square inch chrome plated warming rack as a secondary cooking space and also keeps your food warm shoe level height adjustable charcoal pan lets you regulate heat precisely and holds up to 4.4 pounds of charcoal for all types of grilling tasks to cook with confidence and be sure of temperature it accommodates thermometer gauge that helps monitoring the cooking temperature inside chamber the 184 square inch offset smoker that's firmly attached to the grill provides texas style barbecue while ensures ideal circulation of smoke and heat and with practical design you can easily open side door to add charcoal or remove ashes it's equipped with two durable wheels for stability and mobility so transporting it around your backyard or patio is no big deal large size side table with 3s hooks is made of steel for extra durability and provides you a practical storage area to hang your grill tools it weights in 54.3 pounds and dimensions are 53 by 28 inch with a 49 inch height in addition to a one-year warranty it comes with all grill parts and cover pros and cons this convenient charcoal grills pros are adjustable charcoal pan makes temperature control easier for steakhouse sear or slow cooking it has a large primary grill grate with a functional warming rack it's a budget-friendly grill with a decent built quality and quite handy features however offset smoker box is too small and it can overheat if you make a large fire while hinges on top are not 100 watertight plus some assembly is required so if you're not experienced better to look for some help overall royal gourmet charcoal grill with offset smoker is versatile enough to grill a variety of foods for whole family and friends it offers you a large cooking space and portable enough to move around with ease number four up next and the fourth position is monument grills 52 101 this charcoal grill has a 558 square inch of total cooking area that includes 375 primary and 183 square inch warming rack area it features a convenient front fuel window so charcoal can be easily and quickly added to liftable charcoal board which lets you adjust the firepower to ensure best temperature of food easy to access ashtray collects all ash and lets you clean up by pulling out with the handlebar the handy vents design provides optimal air circulation for an effective combustion and built-in thermometer helps you to monitor internal temperature precisely it has two side shelves to provide large space for tools and foods with foldable design that makes storage easier in a compact space besides large bottom shelf for additional storage space it's equipped with two large rolling wheels to make you move it anywhere you need the cooking grid is porcelain wire material with a size of 22.6 by 16.6 inch the grille itself weights 66 pounds and dimensions are 55 by 19 inch with a 42.5 inch height and lastly it comes with a one-year warranty pros and cons this charcoal grills pros are adjustable charcoal pan works smoothly without making you getting overheated it's an affordable grill with decent quality material the thermometer reflects temperature changes very quickly and precisely to make you sure of cooking process on the other hand even though instructions are very clear and helping assembly might take a couple of hours if you're doing it alone it might be a frustrating task to do especially for inexperienced ones at the end monument grills 52 101 is a well-built and very durable charcoal grill with a quite large cooking space that will be enough to feed everybody convenient and durable enough to last while it has an advantageous price all in all it's a solid buy for the money if you still haven't found the charcoal grill that meets your needs just keep watching because we have more units on the way for you meanwhile if this is your first time checking out our content subscribe and also hit the bell icon to receive notifications of upcoming videos number three our list's third product is royal gourmet deluxe this 30 inch charcoal grill offers a spacious cooking space with a total 719 square inch grilling area and lid mounted temperature gauge indicates temperature change almost instantly it has 498 square inch porcelain enameled steel wire grates an additional 221 square inch chrome plated steel wire warming rack that's more than enough for barbecue parties it has height adjustable charcoal pan with an easy to handle crank handle so fine-tuning the temperature to cook food efficiently is just a breeze it can hold charcoal up to 7.5 pounds while sliding ashtray promises a hassle-free cleanup you can also slide damper open to raise or lower temperature with lid mounted stack collapsible tables with s hooks create a convenient workspace for food and tools and dual wheels help you to move the grille with minimum effort it weights 70 pounds dimensions are 58.7 by 27.6 inch with a 50 inch height it comes with side table paper towel holder and one year warranty pros and cons this stainless steel charcoal grills pros are it's a highly durable grille with heavy duty material that will last for years convenient front access door allows you to add charcoal during long grilling sessions collapsible tables with hooks help with storage especially on a patio or deck with limited space and it also provides easy access to grilling tools and food but even though it has an over average quality it's a pricey grill compared to equivalents plus ash collector pan requires some extra care while pulling out to prevent a mess especially if you don't want to end up cleaning the ashes from your shoes eventually royal gourmet deluxe is a highly durable charcoal grill that's made to last and provides a convenient use with collapsible tables it's versatile and large enough for barbecue parties with friends and family number two the second product in our list is weber performer this premium charcoal grills cart frame is formed with heavy duty steel and porcelain enameled lid and bowl are fused to the steel for extra durability with dust free aluminum tampers with safe to touch lit handle you can control the heat in the grille easily by adjusting the oxygen level it's equipped with a precise thermometer that measures the chamber temperature during cooking process and foldable side table keeps platters seasonings and tools within arm's reach it has an lcd countdown cook timer and you can use it as attached to grill or remove to take it with you besides three front tool hooks it has pull out charcoal storage bin to provide a convenient way to store charcoal wear and when you need it in addition it has a wire shelf on the bottom to keep tools off the ground and two large wheels to make the grille easy to move while the casters lock in place to keep the unit moving while you cook it features one touch cleaning system that provides hassle-free cleanup of ash and debris and lets you swipe it into removable ash catcher as ash sweeper slides for an efficient cleaning you can slide the lid over to the side of the grill and tuck it away safely to avoid placing it on the ground while cooking it comes with two charcoal holders made of aluminized steel so you can easily move the charcoal to be placed by the bowl for an indirect cooking in the middle it waits in 91 pounds and dimensions are 48 by 30 inch with a 48 inch height and lastly it comes with a striking 10-year warranty on the lid and bowl pros and cons this sleek design charcoal grills pros are it's not just looking good but also an easy to use grill with practical design 10-year warranty proves the quality of the grill as weber stands behind it with one touch cleaning system and large capacity removable ash catcher it's easy to clean in maintenance on the cons side sadly price is the main drawback of this premium grill and even though we think it's definitely worth of the price still it might be extravagant for some at the end weber performer is a top-notch grill with a convenient design that makes things a lot easier for you it has many handy features while 10-year warranty makes the deal even better no need to overthink to have one before we reveal number one be sure to check out the description for the latest prices on the charcoal grills and also don't forget to like the video number one our list number one place belongs to dyna glow dgn 576 snc this cost-effective charcoal grill with dual chamber offers practicality and versatility without making you to spend a fortune it has a 576 primary and a 240 square inch secondary cooking area has a total 816 square inch grilling area it features dual charcoal tray adjustment cranks to raise and lower each tray effortlessly while removable firebox divider lets you to create two separate cooking chambers so it's an easily customizable grill for your personal needs cast iron cooking plates coated with porcelain enameled finish for maximum durability and optimal heat transfer to the food by searing outside within natural juices stainless steel lid with double wall liner retain heat for an efficient grilling and smokestack is designed for an easy adjustment for flavor control sliding side dampers are located on both sides for additional temperature control it has an easy to access removable ash pan and multi-directional wheels with lock casters for stability during grilling and a precise temperature gauge it also has a stainless steel bottle opener for additional enjoyment two side shelves to provide space for food preps and bottom storage basket to stage charcoal and tools it weights in 112 pounds and dimensions are 60 by 50.5 inch with a 28 inch height and lastly it comes with a one year warranty pros and cons this dual chamber charcoal grills pros are heavy duty stainless steel construction makes it a highly durable grille that will last for years it provides a large cooking space with dual fireboxes as both separately adjustable in a simple way compared to equivalents with similar quality it's a budget-friendly grill with top quality in addition it has a large warming rack and a surprising portability for a large capacity grille on the other hand with 112 pounds of weight assembly can take a long time due to heavy parts especially if you're setting it up alone also a longer warranty would be better overall this dyna glow charcoal grill offers a lot of durability and versatility with an advantageous price you can get perfectly grilled food from this moderately priced unit so no need to hesitate to get one because it's not going to disappoint you that's all for this time thanks for watching if we manage to help you out in any aspect please hit the like and subscribe for more we'll see you in the next videos [music]  foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] [music] foreign [music] thank you [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [music] foreign [music] [applause] [music] [music] foreign [music]  hey guys! in this video, we\u2019re going to look at the\ntop five gas grills available on the market today. we made this list based on our own\nopinion, research, and customer reviews. we\u2019ve considered their quality, features, and values\nwhen narrowing down the best choices possible. if you want more information and updated pricing\non the products mentioned, be sure to check the links in the description box below.\nso, here are the top five best gas grills. the fifth product on our list is the dyna-glo\ndgg424rnp-d 3 burner red lp gas grill. when it comes to grills, dyna-glo is one of\nthe most trusted brands. the ghp group owns this brand, and they have more than a hundred\nyears of experience. also, they\u2019ve always been known for their durability and efficiency.\nthe dyna-glo dgg424rnp-d 3 burner red lp gas grill is one of their products under this\nbrand. this gas grill comes with a lot of cooking\nspace \u2013 a total of 542 total square inches to be exact. it also comes with 425 primary\nsquare inches of cooking space that can fit up to 18 4 \u00bd-inch burgers. moreover, it has\nequiheat technology that provides even heat distribution using three stainless steel tube\nburners. it can deliver up to 36,000 total btu. it has an easy-to-use integrated ignition\nthat makes start-ups hassle-free. you are sure to cook steaks, vegetables, and brats\nfor everyone with ease. as the product name suggests, this dyna-glo\ngas grill comes in red because of its red porcelain-coated steel lid with black end\ncaps. it\u2019s designed with gloss porcelain-enameled wire cooking grates that provide an ideal\nsurface for retaining and transferring heat straight to the food. finally, it comes with\nfour caster wheels to move the gas grill anywhere you want. this powerful grill will be a lovely\naddition to your backyard or patio. you will be holding fun barbeque weekend parties in\nno time. its pros are:\n* it provides a spacious cooking space; * it gives strong heating power; and\n* it is easy and convenient to use. however,\n* it doesn\u2019t include a cover. the dyna-glo dgg424rnp-d 3 burner red lp gas\ngrill is perfect for beginners and those who enjoy putting together backyard picnics. up next in the fourth place is the 5-burner\nbroil king regal s590 pro gas grill. this grill is one of the best that uses natural\ngas. using a natural gas grill allows you to utilize the natural gas line in your house.\nit is more economical, environmentally friendly, and you won\u2019t need to worry about running\nout of fuel. but if natural gas isn\u2019t your thing, broil king has a propane-compatible\nversion. regal s590 has five primary burners that can\nprovide 55,000 btu. that\u2019s more than enough to its 625 square inch box. this gas grill\ncan sustain a steady internal temperature of 300\u00b0f. so, if you enjoy grilling racks\nof ribs, roasts, or even pizza, this is a perfect gas grill. moving on, just below the\nburners, there\u2019s a large two-door cabinet with shelves. it\u2019s a perfect place for your\ngrilling tools like your tools, brushes, wood chips, and grilling planks. there is also\na side burner on the left side. you can use it for cooking with a pot or pan. even with\nthis feature, there\u2019s still enough space for food preparation and serving.\nyou can also use this gas grill at night without hassle. its led-illuminated gas grill will\nmake it easy for you to do so. you cant peacefully leave it outdoors as it can be closed and\nleft at rest with its cover. its pros are:\n* it has a huge cooking space despite having an additional side burner;\n* it provides controlled and even heating; and\n* it comes with a lifetime warranty with a 10-year limited warranty on parts and paint.\nhowever, the cons are, * it can be expensive; and\n* the electric starter can be difficult to use sometimes.\nget the broil king regal s590 pro gas grill if you\u2019re looking for longevity and versatility.\nalso, this is a good pick if you prefer using natural gas. the third product on our list is the weber\nspirit ii e-210 2-burner liquid propane grill. this grill is made for small spaces. but despite\nits size, it\u2019s still packed with a lot of features. one of which is the powerful gs4\ngrilling system. it also comes with porcelain-enameled cast-iron cooking grates, a porcelain-enameled\nlid, built-in lid thermometer, fold-down left side table, open cart design, fuel gauge,\nstainless steel heat deflector, and panel frame.\nthis gas grill is igrill 3 compatible. it is an additional accessory line. it comes\nwith bluetooth temperature probes that you can use to monitor your cooking via a companion\napp. it is perfect when you\u2019re cooking food that takes a lot of time to grill. the igrill\nsystem will watch your cooking for you while you do other things for your backyard party.\nspirit ii e-210 uses a standard 20lb lp tank, which you can place on a side rack that has\na sliding gauge mechanism. this gas grill can promise consistent performance even through\nheavy use. your burgers will always have that good char. and with weber\u2019s 10-year warranty\nthat covers all the grill parts, you will be using this gas grill for a long time. moreover,\nspirit ii e-210 is less expensive compare to other gas grills like the broil king regal\ns590. so, you\u2019ll be able to enjoy weekend cookouts at an affordable price.\nits pros are: * with its durability and price, it\u2019s practical;\n* it doesn\u2019t take up a lot of space; * it\u2019s igrill 3 compatible; and\n* it comes with a 10-year warranty. however,\n* it lacks a side burner and a cabinet. if you\u2019re looking for a gas grill that\u2019s\naffordable, durable, and compact, you should go for weber spirit ii e-210 2-burner liquid\npropane grill. the second product on our list is the cuisinart\ncgg-7400 propane, full-size four burner gas grill.\ncgg-7400 is cuisinart\u2019s first full-sized gas grill. it doesn\u2019t have all the bells\nand whistles that other gas grills have, but it is built and designed to last. it comes\nin a stainless steel design that\u2019s simple and durable. you can rest assured that you\nwill be using this gas grill for quite some time.\nit comes with four individually controlled stainless steel burners that give out up to\n40,000 btu cooking power. you will not worry about cooking space. the grill comes with\na 443 square inch of cooking space plus a 167 square inch of warming rack. there are\ntwo 18 x 13-inch side tables that you can use for food preparation. moreover, it has\na built-in thermometer that monitors and maintains the even heat distribution across the grill.\na little bonus is the built-in bottle opener to enjoy your favorite drinks while waiting\nfor your food. the cast-iron grate is easy to remove, which\nmakes cleaning the grill a breeze. it has a drip tray that collects grease and drippings\nfrom your cooking. it helps the gas grill stay in its tip-top shape hassle-free. you\ncan move it around and conveniently put it aside once the party\u2019s over.\nits pros are: * it\u2019s well-made and easy to clean;\n* you can fold the side tables for more working space; and\n* it\u2019s easy to assemble; however,\n* the heat tends to run hotter in the center; with its durable design and ample working\nspace, this grill is perfect for large families who regularly enjoy weekend cookouts in their\nbackyard. before we reveal number one, be sure to check\nout the description below for the newest deals on each of these items. and, be sure to subscribe\nif you want to stay up to date on the best products on the market. finally, our top gas grill is the dyna-glo\ndgp552ssp-d premier 5 burner propane gas grill. as mentioned earlier, dyna-glo is one of the\ngo-to brands when it comes to gas grills. this premium grill proves just that. dgp takes\nthe barbeque cooking experience to a whole new level. you are up for limitless options\nthanks to its cooking power, quality construction, and impressive features that will make grilling\neasy and hassle-free. it comes with a stainless steel finish. it\u2019s\naesthetically appealing and useful as it makes the gas grill easy to clean and maintain.\nit has five primary stainless steel tube burners powered by equiheat technology to provide\neven heat distribution. together, they deliver 60,000 btus. aside from these five burners,\nthere\u2019s also an additional 12,000 btu side burner that includes a flush-mounted cover.\nthis a welcome extra feature as it can help you whip up those juicy sauce to match your\ngrilled dishes. it comes with a hassle-free quick-start integrated\nignition and built-in thermometer to help you achieve perfectly cooked food. more importantly,\nthis dyna-glo gas grill has 769 total square inches of cooking space. that\u2019s big enough\nto fit up to 23 4.5-inch burgers. if that\u2019s not enough, it also comes with a 552 square\ninches of primary cooking space. so, time to invite your friends as you already have\neverything you need to host a barbeque party in your backyard.\nits pros are: * it comes with a huge cooking space; and\n* it\u2019s easy to use from power-up to cooking and cleaning.\nhowever, * you have to buy the cover separately; and\n* it does not have a timer if you want to become the bbq boss you were\nalways meant to be, upgrade your backyard or patio with the sleek and powerful premier\n5 burner natural gas grill from dyna-glo. that\u2019s all for now. thanks for watching!\nif we helped you out in any way, please hit the like and subscribe button. we\u2019ll see\nyou guys in the next videos!  what's up guys today's video is on the top 5 best grills through extensive research and testing i've put together a list of options that will meet the needs of different types of buyers so whether it's price performance or its particular use we've got you covered for more information on the products i've included links in the description box down below which are updated for the best prices like the video comment and don't forget to subscribe now let's get started starting at number five we have the weber genesis the weber genesis 2e 310 is a beauty it's big it's sleek and it's sturdy this glorious gas grill comes as either propane or natural gas if you want to switch from propane to natural gas you can use weber's conversion kit the genesis has three burners giving you a decent temperature range for cooking this gives you a lot of flexibility in one station whether it's advanced techniques like two zone cooking or just or high heat searing weber's signature flavorizer bars help vaporize any runoff which helps infuse your cooked meat with more juice they funnel drippings that haven't been vaporized into the drip tray for you to remove after cooking the e310s heat deflectors help reduce flare-ups and ensure consistent cooking temperatures meanwhile the grill's flavorizer bars and porcelain coated grates ensure superb heat retention all these features combine to form a high performance grille that doesn't suffer from hot spots or heat leakage like its competitors propane costs can be high in the long term but this grill is fuel efficient enough to give you significant savings moving on at number four we have the char-broil 463 673 519 performance series 2 burner cabinet liquid propane gas grill char-broil has perfectly towed the line between affordable and high quality for years it's what they've built their success upon and there aren't many brands out there who do it as well as they do if you're shopping on a budget then the char-broil performance 300 could be the perfect fit despite its price the grill hood is built with stainless steel and the cooking surface features beautiful porcelain enameled cast iron grates the cooking surface is built for excellent performance and maximum durability there's also a lot to be said for the placement of its ignition button which sits perfectly between the burner control knobs nothing like a bit of symmetry to satisfy my obsessive need for aesthetics the grill only has two burners which is what explains the budget entry point however two burners are still workable for creating dual heat zones and should be more than up to the job for newcomers or casual grillers it features a removable drip bowl to help with easy cleaning and it has storage and resting space by the bucket loop at number three we have the royal gourmet gg21012 burner cabinet liquid propane gas grill this is one of the best value for money grills out there at the moment it's another stripped back two burner gas grill that helps save on space but with 24 000 btus it offers a bit more kick to it unlike a lot of other similar models it also has a 96 square inch warming rack to help provide more cooking space for you to work with grill delicious foods for friends and family with the royal gourmet two burner 24 000 btu patio liquid propane gas grill these components work hand in hand to ensure fast high and consistent heat over 300 square inches of cooking grates and 105 sq in porcelain warming rack secondary cooking surface providing plenty of cooking space the durable lid structure is highlighted by a double wall liner to retain heat thermometer is built in porcelain enamel grill top and can measure grilling zone temperature exactly four lockable casters allowing you to easily removing the grill its coated cast iron is remarkably strong making it not just durable but ridiculously easy to clean at number two we have the napoleon grills prestige 500 natural gas grill the napoleon prestige 500 is a great cooker for people who want a high-end north american product that's built to last and packed full of raw grilling power i love almost everything napoleon produces they just ooze class but are durable and powerful enough to show that they are not just style over substance it's a fantastic four burner grill that comes with infrared burners a side burner and rotisserie to give you plenty of options when it's time for you to cook the backlit controls on the napoleon prestige let you know which burners are on making the grill both easier and safer to use what really sets napoleon apart is its unique wave-like great design these are designed to help spread cooking temperatures more effectively and reduce the appearance of any unwanted sear marks don't worry if you like these marks that's what the side burner is for its control dashboard is backlit so you know which burners are in use at all times the napoleon prestigious grates are in a wave pattern to help improve heat distribution and cooking efficiency napoleon grills are built to last and this is proved with the incredible 10-year warranty offered by the brand if the brand is that confident in the prestige you should be too and finally at number one we have the broil king 958 344 regal s590 pro gas grill king's regal range is great for anyone wanting american-made grills that are packed full of added features but all at an affordable price the regal range joins broil king's imperial series as the brand's most top of the line offering royal king's regal has dual burners that help distribute cooking heat evenly and efficiently despite this both ranges have continued to sit within an affordable price range the broil king regal fits in an awful lot considering this from sideburners and extra rotisseries to control knob lights and pull out tank drawers the grill has the feeling of a utility belt and barbecue form but central to the grill's success is its performance it has high btu dual tube burners underneath its cooking grates sharing the heat power across two lines of burners helps the grill cook more evenly and efficiently and helps reduce the presence of hot spots or flare-ups the regal has broil kings flave r wave flame tamers that help shield the grill grates from the raw flame of the burners while also helping to spread cooking temperatures evenly thanks for watching and that's all for now i hope to see you guys in the next video till next time "

----------

